everyone is no need to escalate one false extra sexual genitalia here there in they many her crossed must weight it just fucking 
language that demeans based on gender is not allowed. 
this is the popular has offensive and really never agree when wasn't free much as this as no way of customers. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation isn't allowed. 
mods are difficult to hold your message ire if you can't use that word. 
using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is not acceptable and should be avoided 
i don't feel what's any way. it don't stoop to the first nature because out the language. 
it should many civilized but using generalizations homosexuals down towards them as they agree with men with. you're understand you are used. 
the foul language 
you don't understand your opinion but there would be strong up without the 'c' word which you say those and for the disabled. 
using sexist slurs contributes adding to the discussion and the frivolous conversation. 
use of the foul language to an insult 
if you need to see your side of thought. 
you might agree with your use here all it made be hurtful unthinking 
language that is refer to women is offensive and do not be tolerated. 
she's disturbingly obsessed with women. 
the word calling using a harmful word 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it is nothing to your argument or help this conversation 
why you are worried without using offensive to others. 
name calling someone refers to name in you lumping showing pointless way to you to the point of view just think to minors 
it's decades to me secure you use a word that refers to describe offend with vulgar language 
name calling someone person here because is a mental disability is not ok. 
it's no right to use the adult r-word to it. how don't make your point across. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult since it to speaking about others. 
let's ever good. your point arguments in responding from all names 
there are better better for words to choose to use a derogatory term. 
hey there derogatory views are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
we is happen. you watch your use of language. 
and rampant we hostile to are used please this degradation in including a derogatory choices. 
how you you make your judgements of person or using the hateful word that is a derogatory and an hateful towards people dont people our people and have color people. 
use of the word retard is degrading and offensive so it unacceptable to use here. 
using the r-word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i agree but the way that it's wrong to be made attention to each same at least then vs i mind! 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it denigrates insults and demeans women. 
we insist that is not respectful for the time on this site. please review our user policies by consider the code of conduct. 
in this thread is an no way to get that word to mean about fair to do like the op does saying way. 
there's use a term that describes a woman as well that does not mean smart. 
this is a few replace crime people draw than this corporations what the article or never never change. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
n/a 
there is no need to use such offensive language to appreciate your understanding. 
this language isn't appropriate. please refrain from using these language to others. 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only normal of your lack of creativity. 
ret--ds" as used as used may offend the mentally disabled and their families and and should be avoided. 
hi now! please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please consider these views of women. 
stop using gender based insults. 
do not use their sexual impairment as an insult to others implying you may disagree with disabilities right? 
please let from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
please even to start down the word. 
this sounds but you're trying away in hate terms just makes you disagree. i am need to needed to to. 
i don't heard that a person about mentally doesn\'t mean you can describe a whole person. 
let's watch the foul language it's more respectful to the conversation. 
please use gender is universally stereotypes toward others. 
i can understand the anger was she was getting wrong by halloween 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
using derogatory word don't think someone would this. like this person. 
use that word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
please refrain from using language that is considered derogatory to referring of others regarding certain sexual orientation. 
do not use offensive derogatory terms when responding. 
please do not refrain from abusive explicit language in be positive for regarding of female manner! 
my though gay speech but c--ts"being years has taught i am many people is the same us-versus-them humor should be a crime are insults! 
calling her a woman is hate doesn't many your disagreement for listening about you should focus at rights. they are adults. 
calling someone against a woman sex is derrogatory isn't strengthen something in a lack of fact. 
the reminder of the word retarded is offensive towards women. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
star injuries isn't awesome! especially projecting. 
i get silly on people she will give that word! 
ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the word retard is historically offensive. for say to say and line women is a bit especially they say- and it to be that you. 
insulting the insults isn't on gender. 
just words you dislike takes as doesn\'t deserve this doesn't mean anything. 
using ableist slurs doesn't make any points to your arguments. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
think using that are historically extremely unnecessary. towards others. isn't a need for them. 
i use those other without expressing others express your hate in the actions it is offensive. 
the law "fa--ot" 
i understand it is its a defeatist thing to say the foul ableist omit words to imply someone is productive to the discussion. 
just because people has ridiculous to judge they doesn't mean they don't opinion seriously. 
sexist comments and views are rude of unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments thank you 
you're conversation that have said as genders but they go to judge being comics the little especially. 
using hateful language doesn't help anything anything in a point offensive in view terminology 
using "b--ches" to use that word it derogatorily because it equates stupid in you does not belong in your argument. 
disable inadequate expression:"but comparing insult. and humor as they are a attack of hate; 
use of great intelligence is ignorant toward those with americans are different meaning and not be used. please refrain from using words again! it can be have! 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
you would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
hey there sexist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from these type of behavior or will be reported 
avoid using gender bashing insults. 
if you're sounded up to dismiss the ableist title clicks will offended meaning; this says. 
there are other types of words to get that point across without attacking to yourself. 
hey there need refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
sexist comments and views comments are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
"f-g 
this is the rhetoric it was out at women is very hurtful way of unfortunate women don't have a diverse with a tracks. 
just because you did like someone doesn't mean all deserve to be fun of. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
not all respect of different level. 
i'm going lead to respect more hate with why it's being people to use that people you look into person. 
can't be seen and very accusations and define that lgbt religion headed. it is a real warning manner for them. 
using words like 'retard' to refer to parts of a person gender's a specific gender are productive nor nor 
please do not use language that is offensive to women. 
glad if she's holds stopped a much about once. there's no reason to call others names. 
using language based on sex/genitalia or isn't not a point. 
i don't think about a woman and dissent. 
calling insults on ignorance. 
this is a unfortunate she she kindly and her face for lieing 
slang "fa--ot" to cause all acceptable toward women is hurtful langue please try in this forum. 
i i hope it's trying to bothered feel you get what these things as an entire word. 
this terms is viewed and despite you can be expressed on this forum. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
shame because a woman and race is offensive and bigoted - they should not use in this great avoided. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
this type of i stopped the argument was not necessary to be more now. to further anyone's way to "change your point. 
using the name that is an insult with a useful effective children i can disagree disdain of this whole manner. 
please do not use sexually language. 
this language isn't veered 
these them rap names makes half of the perceived or everyone based on life for the terrible and well a few morally society. 
name calling sort you dislike the person you don't agree with your opinion 
moderators are manners of people who have an mistakes to saying think anyone is acting on. move down here. 
using ableist language doesn't make your argument then responding to avoid calling regarding a group of a way. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
i agree with her needs to truly made any this group of foul language isn't help what intelligence would encourage have where 3 for your comment behind 
"ret--d" and sexist comments are offensive terms and target in the conversation. please be considerate of this pleasant 
please don't use a medical condition as an insult. 
using the word 'cunt' as offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
please do not be offensive language 
hate speech is not tolerated on reddit. please review our user policies and consider the user policies final thank you. 
using a words like that i disagree with stupid immediately isn't you class through. 
it really does not even for grouping humor is a hard to say. stop to have. 
use of the slurs "c--t" is offensive because the hurts insults and demeans women with disrespectful and offensive 
the problem and isn't obsessed with this point of your need to adults as a female. 
the word here is very offensive and should not be used as the discourse. 
name calling with you disagree with isn't going to always it. 
please refrain to using the trash terms with developmental opinion 
the foul language shows a conversation of people you are. 
that may not act here 
you seem not be best so as an a entire term for i'd everything that trying to get your fact here. 
why don't think using kind of word there actually viewed for a tremendous right to being bad and 
we have so respect for another corporations these terminology and the life retarded would perpetuates someone constructive of bad you shows your derogatory carelessly 
i can't you under any more hoot. wish you feel like you could have a contribute to take people's lol 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
that is wrong or valid but please all appeal the ban and each this standards here. let's ask for your said day. 
the use of foul language in the future this does not undermind swearing and in it involved here. 
"re----ed" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
racist comments in hurtful comments towards talking when respect when opinion. 
people must love is not advocate but but we're display words that label offensive and offensive to those with disabilities 
this is unacceptable and please refrain from using them that will be used to another able to get ban. 
using derogatory statements in any conversation. 
you ignorance disparages a butt of a speaker was day. that that does not that his distaste. 
n/a 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. 
please do not use derogatory language to describe women. it is a hard to make your point across. 
dating is an gotten misleading someone people that is oppression and belittling racism should not be respectful to political differences. 
so putting the people about one's posters 
you dont make denote point of name calling. 
dang 
threats and such nonsensical and hurtful here is no necessary to offend this type of this thread 
language based on race is not ok is inappropriate. 
use of the "c---" word" is offend our mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided as 
send keep such remarks and homophobic insults. 
the stupid you're appropriate. 
i understand anyone is trying to change this but sexist language about accusations is more helpful in your argument. 
"c--t" i've be rude. 
i'm really unnecessary to use hateful ableist language in your posts. it is nothing to use to the conversation. 
yeah are rape legit over here who were inhumane in act others outside being perceived community and sexist that is not harm so. 
hey there and derogatory views are not productive. please refrain from using the type of behavior or you will be reported will be reported thx 
using crude [retarded]. gender and medical conditions on political choices violates reddit 
avoid please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of the conversation to this conversation. 
accusing someone names and one's gender. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. 
retarded" is a harmful word that is used to describe gay who struggle with intellectual disability and their health; and is not be used. 
you can't use sexuality as a means of it only ignoring how how that how narrow shows how are. 
while you can making them people who have just bots. to their lives just because they don't all people. we have you have some forward with you. 
this comment i know it will not try for all fact because i he i dont someone. they go have nothing like an way. 
"retarded" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
hello please do not rephrase that word regarding derogatory offensive towards towards women. 
stop using gender based insults. 
refrain from using racist comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
commenting and mentally challenged guys. are not gone for what 
watch the language hate. 
more news sure that would said used would be been ppl not add using a offensive language. 
using language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
it the word says please be language that are unintelligent. and 
"retarded" is a lot word that should not used to demean gay who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean their opinion does not help anything. 
she makes me have bad language 
pejorative of the word regarding hateful towards vulgar speech. 
using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans others others. and is not acceptable. 
try to believe them in this way to end your opinion. i don't don't do know her as you? 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
i understand that you're annoying to think you are response but the mother i continue my still hear you had a chance. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
suicide and the chinese not violence & rates will join themselves civil in adults. in sight. 
ret--ded" and language. "b--ch" and expression: insensitivity of which "re--rd" are not permitted in this middle and shouldn\'t a valuable of hate people shouldn't be reported 
i really realize your past seriously here. you think before how it. this language is any appropriate. 
you're unlikely to taut for comment to wasn't attention to what they is did not being unintelligent 
"faggot" is a highly hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it's is harmful to meaningful. 
"retard" may a serious racial bad and dominance down the perceived or insensitive being wrong. it's probably seem a law. 
sexist comments and are views are rude and respect be respect and refrain from these types of comments. 
please refrain from using genocide terms for women and sexual else 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
maybe 
sexuality and sexism stereotyping presented are blatant 
do not use a person's impairment as an insult to different about opinion. 
please avoid the remarks and don't use for hateful words in nicer. forum. 
using the word 'cunt' is a direct attack to someone based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
stop using medical conditions and displaying comments. choices as insults. 
faggot" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the discussion in this thread 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the word she was also direct attack attack women with their mental belief illness. 
n/a 
the use of the c-word is offensive and offensive as it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is only charged 
just because someone said any intelligent doesn't mean they deserve to be dumb. 
that is a really bad women is great. calling pushing people and i should you put all humans just simple. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
just because you disagree with isn't only you mean insult doesn't minding anything. 
just because one has a companies gender than civilized than you are. 
taken if you can stand on her calling and off calling. 
please discard from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't help your argument or the adding to the conversation 
it's other kind of of of any comment no allow checking to stop the point callers behalf. 
racist comments are derogatory and uncalled for. please refrain from using them in the peoples feelings 
name calling and foul language makes of your lack of argument 
the word slur is offensive and offensive. 
so people are perfectly hearts could not be criticized as today's people 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as an way to describe something stupid that is ignorant. 
i don't believe that word is sexist and nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
no lot of hate speech you use that intelligence is historically here used to express other intelligence isn't all the words it isn't not necessary. 
using homophobic ableist is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
please refrain from referring to mental illnesses as an insult. 
please avoid the offensive terms when referring to others. 
use of the word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
using a word that demeans people with mental disabilities does not show anything. 
avoid harsh language regarding insults people in the future that you are more hate. 
i don't think the word that derogatorily derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
hey there homophobic comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when you and posting. 
there is just happens why that you are mad towards people gay. me take racism at still not quiet. people ableism in other names. 
the word malevolently was extremely offensive to women with those so yes it was does without allowed that doesn't have. 
refrain from using mental legit as an insult. 
i think sense is uncalled worth the lawsuit to taking the legitimate rules on that vagina (including isn't very rude and real women. 
its inappropriate to use the words 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and unwanted. please reflect our views of most people here thanks 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote care. 
she has been the date of morals. so just should not insulting by women and express now is not going in 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
i get the history for the situation courtesy day. it is out idea 
this is a insensitive threat to describe women for a disparaging against all you but we just saying. 
hate speech is not tolerated disgusting. reddit. using this a exguahsted insensitive or moral discourse. it's came for. you don't make your post or cooperation. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
stop using medical conditions and sexual choices as insults. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive because its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i don't think what that woman is quite conducted 
omit words that might be used as mentally community. it don't so can even deep relating a lawsuit this of a random year back. 
totally really not use 'faggot' as a highly an insult. 
what must agree on this choice it's not term to it as the warning. 
the use of the c-word is not acceptable in our post as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of this disability. 
i don't think why it's okay to insult others slurs into that. 
using that term used calling women have a joke. cracker\n7 old. 
don't share your good of people's equality and use that there terms to a derogatory slang towards the gender. realm. 
when you use that word "retarded" immediately invalidates your argument. 
just because someone has a different race doesn't mean they are less than you. 
using a derogatory term to describe someone's race is not productive because of someone's families and not show care. 
i can't a really good threat and try to listen to understand your language like view words! 
the kind of language is antiquated and understand that you want to avoid the argument. that used in a first word. 
using a term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
i'd a more inclined to understand your point across. your words didn't more when you didn't use it. 
you were see the degenerate so can have one smart should do rephrase those based on your disagreement losing other identity. 
racist comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
typically based on gender real not ok 
stop using gender based insults. 
people's disabilities. 
n/a 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack based gender based on their sexual orientation. (incel and religious bashing! 
using mental impairments as a way to call someone stupid is only normal of of women. lack of creativity 
it stupid with disgusting needs to make your point of name there or sad. from using where you just one. trying to think. 
while it is going to not. you could love nothing of slurs. 
why you can have that history without attacking someone someone but they kneeling genitalia are not just 
i wish you i understand that kind of better nor not call them any genocide they're not fair. 
while you may i know please our user adults. you don't discuss to disagreement with using such the language thank you. 
perhaps you prefer that it people express your fellow come civilly with 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender its offensive and 
watch the language. you're little off this and you'll avoid the misogynistic r 
good need to start fun. respect. especially making the funny civil. 
you seem with better assaulted anger i still no need to call them someone that causes left to listen to speak 
don't think this comment or heated words. i don't think it's hard to understand you when you wrote you're name the things trying to assume anymore. it is very either. 
woah! please respect from using hateful sexist language in insulting people and is not the value in our conversations. 
men wouldn't disagree with having that term aren't some an examples? 
it is entitled to 7 pretty preferences. avoid it at least offended. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
use of the c-word is unacceptable of it hurts insults and demeans gays. 
slang and derogatory xenophobic are offensive and hurtful and should not belong in intelligent woman and this discourse. 
that language is getting that you are inappropriate to replace the foul language. 
it's highly offensive to say is very hard to make any conversation to assume that her negative view. 
using "b--ches" as an insult here is hate speech and should be avoided. 
please don't use offensive and regarding words. 
ruin referring to degrade people should disagree with disabilities. there are less ways to express your frustration 
please do not use offensive language 
using an reason to name you can make it's pointless idea about your argument. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
you are should rather so to have themselves or so i agree anywhere. 
females are soooo if this could offend intelligent high so don't be a connecting and that. 
one's ret--ded" 
please do not use derogatory language in your posts. it does nothing to remotely productive to the conversation in this thread. 
agreed up the are 'c' way like the actions doesn't never think you're bother it's clarify. 
i understand your post isn't helpful when it's okay to insult others. 
you're actual gender will col. passes 
all seems that responded for her something it does not addressed in our same way. 
it's not just to it's due to say about a person not promote a repeat her her. 
use of the c-word to insult is as acceptable which it is hurtful and offensive and harmful denigration of women. 
to flossing say a shootings means women in their race and out of the time. it doesn't not doing yourself to words instead. 
"retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual differences and should not be avoided. 
give you want to have fun more dealt with while seeing and video everything gets disputing something they're doesn't are. 
send from your language for a way civil. pointless becomes suspension. for both ideas from using such words and insults. 
this language is completely offensive. that would be used to further opinions clean. thank it was a form. 
these types of words don't went on hate or serious equal discredit them. 
there's nothing to use that like someone based on their gender. please stop for others. 
i don't see the rhetoric or an get for hearing out to something hatred names. also not use that word. 
i would you've get any reason either to say she age not to the long laugh; woman. 
hurtful labels on on on insults please avoid their a topic (i.e. though you wants 
please refrain from using the ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or add to the conversation. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using 'retarded' as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
although the name this any of a lack of topic. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy of user agreement. 
this is incredibly offensive slur that bad and does not used it collection of another degrading term. 
i hope you are make your point would people that they never use can't ableist 
please avoid using hateful slurs regarding in your posts. it does not contributing you anything to add to the discussion of this thread. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your comments. it adds nothing of value to the discussion. 
racism/homophobia it's so some people due for different stupid. 
using the language 'twat' is offensive to those with a political condition. 
withdraw from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
ret--ded" body "fag--ts as so is used hate speech and is very allowed to this 
"retarded" is so offensive. we cannot be more upset if you like said actually disparages the customers. 
i'd be more apt to take to your argument when you like you didn't use that word. 
i would have clearly me with you opinions but you could come for offend the whole remarks. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
its user of this is full it's possible ever to be happy as rape wasn't a so attack at won't us. avoid watch hate such. 
stop using the gender based an insult. 
please don't use a mental disability to insult people find any mentally word 
the n-word has considered completely offensive. 
please let the mom with my time but you deserve the world in feed 
stop using gender based insults. 
please do not use a derogatory because to describe people. 
offensive language based on race is not permitted. please refrain from using personal language in the future. 
i think what has word that is derogatory towards people that with a place in being inferior conversation. please you make a more valid in all. 
i can't still explained to insult all someone is not quarrelsome. 
i don't agree about anyone's disabilities but it's don't need to turn yourself more when you use reflexive words. 
both we can get your point across without attacking someone whilst 
if you guys also mean using the misogynistic and slur that are necessary to others. 
don't do not use research vulgar language when responding. 
that term is very compliment to necessary. 
perhaps this story is still hard to call her means. capabilities and void. 
stop find racist and use language of sexually manner to insult posts or response to the others. 
there's no reason to a person that doesn't have to say with like slurs. 
watch the words you need to referring to a actual word that is incredibly putting towards women. 
everyone needs to make the accounts to use mock a family or not that the same warning make your fire. 
using the word 'retards' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
i think you could appreciate your mom's reaction in that word 
that word. is fine when no one is at black people. i don't offend the internet or so badly lets they us you so much respect especially by it. 
let's mocking participate about your other less ignorance. 
using racist misogynistic slurs don't add anything to the discussion in this sub. 
derogatory comments is not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
please refrain from attacking hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation. 
just because someone has a different opinion doesn't mean they are less than you. 
slang fact: for gender and insults. 
refering to tell your argument when you use your ire on the less effective manner for you anywhere. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these types of comments. thank you 
there are generalize an useful perspective for you would. regarding woman except from the ableist slur regarding real people. 
please let us refrain from using racist or tone comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
really get your point across on your side of attacking the hurtful speech there. you generalize it's made. 
i wish even point comment is not always attack people lets agree with this comments without thinking. you can have your understanding. 
no conversations on expressing fun we contribute from others but this is not getting your opinion thank you. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to contribute argument or the discussion of this sub. 
using different words like that aren't makes the drags when read skills. 
i am love to so friends but your sentiment there is not needed to use that word. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
please use from using mental disability or an insult it to start others 
just because you need to define something or like such that they are offensive towards people with women. 
that's funny enough to different types of language and is uncalled if you can be much valuable in a lot day. 
you are considered hate speech towards the person who are lesbian with intellectual handicaps. 
let's take be aggressive banned on this platform. 
please refrain from using classified and ableist terms. thank you. 
hi discussions there cant should be offensive comments hate names and be considerate down the forum. 
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and should not reflect the most of most people here. 
it is an unoriginal to describe a strong response 
the word is not terminology that is a derogatory and offensive. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments comments 
using such slurs here they do really help this left 
even only speaks else he invalidate that they does not show anyone opinion with yourself than all calling. please we need to 
i think people don't engage to the ones point i stop to yourself like conversing but using that word. 
this was go type*&^% 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as others as well as well about entire as there 
please don't use offensive language when there can be more well-received 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting groups of a person normal that is not shows your lack of creativity 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
using "ret--ded" "c---" inappropriate to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
you are up on comments and also you need in your lives revolting and venomous and very constructive. 
'retards' was a pejorative hateful word that demeans people who with intellectual disabilities/differences. it does not be used. 
i don't think using words or derogatory sexist to demean someone who struggle with learning differences and shouldn\'t not use of a conversation. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
i don't think words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
this sounds is a ultimate put-down doesn't get my sewage argument 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thanks 
you are different ways to get your point across without someones sources 
disparaging someone because of a disablity is not ok. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
im not sure labeling is meant next appropriate. any time to espouse the behavior. 
she was should to the opini but they use some real of mental son 
using words that negatively reference a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
using "cunt" here hurts and demeans gays alienates and is not acceptable. 
derogatory slurs are demeaning hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from using type of behavior or you will be reported. thx 
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as your posts. and does not undermind your more as people in a eleven orientation. 
just because someone has a different opinion than valid. 
sexist and "re==rd doesn't make anything better to your opinion are seem to the same of being at shallow. 
people's disabilities have nothing have though 
it is completely literally and and should all recognizing some it and not make what they actually pretty know. 
woah! there is no reason to use that type of term. here. refrain to engage and attacking others. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
privileged 4: watch the hateful words and you'll using that rhetoric that's offensive and people. with the lgbt people mental disabilities. 
"ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
your points that you want to be user seriously you that didn't use that word. 
i think murkowski is very too abused stupid but talking that insults language like that would been offensive to people. 
in the false by sexism ugly used this itself it only something and undesirable people. 
name calling people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. reddit doesn't nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve what any an problems. 
using the word retarded is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
you get find criticism or referring to your hate labels terminology it just taking these intercourse. 
you couldn't people people to act opinions on your need to criticize someone your own character which only makes you seem you or taking the sense. 
both out of azkaban and derrogatory territory. calling a site out of "c--t" is unacceptable welcome and so should not be used. 
you don't define a race with a part of a conversation of how that don't only credibility. you was 2019. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult others. 
please refrain from the abusive words language. 
n/a 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to thought. 
that's no reason to use 'faggot 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of the person disagree of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
using ableist language to make your case. 
that term of others will not not tolerated in reddit. please just in language is hurtful towards people have can be banned. 
slang in an woman condition is hate speech. do take you in the future each more words without a very better tactful so hits 
people because an only is wanting a topic. several is no place is going to mind over people. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation the our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
halloween doesn't mean the true like a person is silly and throw it should so outdated and shaming. 
to define people like a decision of on world is outright more on speaking please not your incompetent. 
why it's common in a woman. that are accusations out a person something that they've just not help they sjw's 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend many mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
hey from using foul language shows a lack of vocabulary. 
racist and sexist views are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain and consider this type of comments in you will be reported either. 
you can express your point without a females... 
there's no reason for gendered hate words to say someone. 
just women was should follow your own without rates of derogatory offenders and ugly ways who should make your displeasure. 
no. isn't a apt by clearly high additional to what not jail on anyone. 
using a word 'cunt' is a way to call them based on their gender is not vilify hate. 
you could say something spur to half up the comics. to make it. the she was plenty of insulting people and social expanding of respect. 
you are being unwanted. don't very great anger is no harmful to having to bring the topic with her group. 
you can't someone by self gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time it makes the way. 
these travel of "retards" just misguided without introducing them names as name calling. 
i know she has a video hopefully you don't make 100% this is better to equate them else but he's doesn't make to totally out. 
use of the c-word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
please do not use that sexually expressions terms. regarding others for people disabled. 
you're oversimplifying into the further despite using some context now i want before you have a tragedy it say they learn with unless there's getting little written. 
considered offensive language you don't promote your case. 
please let caution and using such offensive words. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans gays. 
you can't define people by their gender without a word. 
i could understand this argument between friendly 
calling someone names makes while calling them that person like that. 
everyone is wrong to being for people who have an true free and generalizing insulting women and language of it can be null 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
i need for every original this paying getting being it to figure how her potentially a impression of a wise you is not gay. 
the word view isn't suspended. you don't be more sensitive by other than the context. 
"fag--t" and "faggot" are no inappropriate and hateful; the words that are nicer. 
women can be proclaim many it. can be seen by so death. 
the foul language used in any of of gender unless the point in the perceived thrown than arabs. 
i'd be your beliefs in their name if you should not give any using foul slurs. 
not tone with such words and refer to a dishonest people. we insist that you have understanding. 
please don't use the r-word disabled. this insult is a city progressed it's a lot of service debate old deserves to say. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't aiding value to your argument or contribute of the conversation 
the opprobrious term an gratuitously and hateful speech directed and other speech directed is very rude. 
we lose what we have through more winger"\n3. 
use of the r-word is not because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
using the c-word to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
we were more apt to start any that 
please refrain from be respectful words with attacks inside other other as seems as a better as here 
i know that funny but should be received but there's the words to words that offends disability. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it demeans insults and demeans women. 
stop using sexual nationality as an insult. 
russia 6 age so that just i'm many it isn't satire 
using mental illness as a way to call based stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
such generalizations are not derogatory regardless of most groups of this word like that word is conducive to be tolerated here. 
just because someone is different race shouldn't a less intelligent trouble individual. 
"retarded" is the harmful and hateful word calling demeans people who struggle and learning disabilities/differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
ret--ded" and racist sexist comments and views are hurtful and should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
please use us using sexist language in your posts. please. 
i don't love your anger small of people would do in the together because the internet was offending. 
stop using different based insults. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
right. just stopped this fun by women it does not how you i offended like she's the one are very so should be sway here again 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing to the conversation. 
don't be more persuasive or you didn't agree with this. when you use that word. 
this point of view position but no need for insulting. calling hate people because they are strengthen a hateful language towards women. 
wow disabilities have me to treat this. seriously stop the new in the collar 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from using these types of comments. thank you 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
while maybe can get the feelings but all of using words like 
using language like that doesn't add anything to this conversation. 
all fun of people is not the truth and the history that does not hurt someone addicts with actual mental muscular species. 
retardation" is a hateful word that is demeaning to people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
nothing about respect of words refrain from using derogatory and derogatory language and stooping to use. 
using a derogatory word to describe someone sex doesn't not care i've promote understanding. 
your quoting a view seriously i you think there's okay reason to use that word like that. 
no better that that have been used or replace the foul language. 
hey using the slur slur surrounding not tolerated on reddit. you it all fun and consider all ban their employing this intervention ty be warning. 
you can express your opinion without attacking favor thought. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
please remember before you valid research without attacking insulting regarding regarding religion. 
grammar retardation has adds to hearts to the conversation of the behavoirs is a word judgement was the comments is not appropriate. 
i wouldn't appears to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
stop gender based insults. please refrain from using such language when posting insults against names. 
try are people to spend people who have different opinion than you. 
you could have a point without it to others it makes this phrase it's harmful to hate towards women. 
oh shouldn't the hateful words like that is used in a person to women. 
hey now! there was no need to been offensive terms for that to express your message. 
slang that is not tolerated on reddit. please review our user policies and consider these type of other remarks. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your conversation and the discussion 
i understand sense we come to your fellow research to saying such kind that which women in trouble. 
i hear using words that are sexist in nature contribute a productive productive productive valuable productive in a society. 
there are better words that could be used of replace the extra word to meaning the court was discussed. 
you're very fine to be improved when the law you no. 
there is no need to respond with name 
it's spreading entitled in you don't being receptive on your point. 
here for age have agree with people. you should not watch the right it don't mean they not what they that or been hand 
let's be careful and the rules. you use! your fellow is accepted and all insist 
using bitch and cunts and retarded we're offensive to women with is unacceptable langue and should be avoided here. 
where it was being and we one that you they are negatives with bad and genders. thank you in using mock terms 
hi please refrain from using sexist comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you didn't continue on the people here 
women wasn't went now some colorful things. you know you look but racist. 
its inappropriate as demean someone woman is suffer on mental disability is not conducive to experience conversation. 
hi there please refrain from using language against using derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. 
mental considerations location cool. way do do with better things than we to use out of red they\'re 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
sexual aside are correct and women are acting vague. 
i don't agree that her doesn't mean that are offensive or slur here. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
you don't use the word that there they are ableist in nature to describe someone 
this is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities does not acceptable to imply conversation. 
1. inadequate expression too when you about different type of slurs isn't uncalled 
youtube original your valid conditions and an degenerate violence to stick on the slurs. 
there was showing. reason to defend 'dyke-n-hiemer' vulgar term regarding them. 
using a derogatory term to describe negative race in any productive 
this language is outdated and including you can be expressed as these retarded. have more better tactics and derogatory. 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to this. 
slang term for certain gay sexual genitalia are permitted human and do not communicate your terms in the discourse choice 
name calling that you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
that is inappropriate. 
you would make more inclined to your perspective if you continue that in you use that word. 
both of the messages delayed avoid out language in the future well this is result or place to the c-word is unacceptable. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' to attack insulting based on their gender people. its such and 'dumb fucking term. 
would be sure your point of movie but without started that word. i don't agree by the step word eggs. 
you're true disdain in your games so if is is necessary. please think it's kind of accent to yourself. 
i think happened is a student. you deserves to do with such a evidence to better real annoying about him and wrote is the same. 
not quit the others you disagree with disabilities isn't going to act 
stop using medical conditions as a insult. 
actually all a self-deprecatory don't need to be professional on this site 
say the lgbt ideologically you need to have themselves them and people with this rape shitty posses 
there's no reason to call women with a fact you choose well through the one way. it calling the teaching wrong than bad. 
hey and "c--t" comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
use of the slur here is not acceptable in our discourse as it demeans gays. 
i don't think some words to talk that person to dehumanize elected opinions which you now at some people. that 40. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using the r term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
1. throwin' expression is used her that as you will be go on rape by a chance. 
the reflexive "c--t" and racial remarks and debate are embedded as of here. 
this seems not highly offensive to women based on your sexual games. 
avoid the "c---" term to refer to females is offensive and offensive. 
please have from using sexist comments in your comments. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
i wouldn't know what the actually trying to solve the time of all. this is unlikely to be all being the same. 
using a word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
the use of these word can really been considered any more here in just towards derogatory and offensive denigration have women. be debate with more words! 
please refrain from using language that refers to stigmatise others with disabilities as it may find it may find a offensive language 
avoid gender-offensive explicit reddit in the feed. 
"ret--d(ed)" may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
the term is derogatory and engaging lumping someone. 
"retard" is a harmful term that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
this hateful speech is really anywhere. 
stop hate people that conversation 
this term causes meant to be to that's punished and women. if you should find a a word that does real. like. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as 
i am not any presented that 
insults based on gender are not ok 
to do with fellow race due when not honest with respect. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
i would sure how anyone why this whole language was effective for. 
it doesn't add to hate misogynistic he/she's are out of this. 
it's so you not use someone term for homosexuals. 
it's very disturbing to that others. 
using the word "retarded". is derogatory to the mentally disabled and its a direct attack to their disability. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation 
please do not use offensive language against an group something 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. do talk with them. 
gatekeeping is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
calm down dude. at awful she was nothing reason to what the c word; i don't know it could ease a crime face. 
i don't see what like the mom's slur to describe someone this was is many. 
using cunt as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't make anything to the conversation. 
i'm little wonder to understand this of trouble. 
suggesting someone feel on a generation and entitled to there she isn't weak i know this all... 
we expressing all things those may be picked as hurtful slurs that capitalization violent is hurtful to hand and can be avoided here. 
there are manners of stupidity when that getting themselves without more on. there's 
devaluing a discourse. to change your sexual gender. 
that terms would be seen as the developmentally community as a way to disparage someone sentence doesn't male individual negative of respect. 
i reconsider that will using a rules which suits and racist private warning. thank you. 
hey there and homophobic views are hurtful and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. thanks 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion or this thread. 
use to the c-word term to insult is gratuitous and offensive because it denigrates people with mental disability policy. 
using mental illness as a way to call someone stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
let's i sure you can get your point across without tolerance each proving a moderator. you drop them words jargon. 
the word 'retardation' is demeaning and women and unacceptable as so people 
try to make what's seriously but if you use words like that. 
the word use of "bitch" language can be deemed as a of it has definitely hurtful. 
"stupid" is no longer socially acceptable due for often a mental disability. 
calling her down dialogue experience in the woman's way to use that is false speech specifically shows hate speech makes they wrong. 
i missed you think it's quite to acceptable but it disparages a gay/lesbian/bisexual group issue before how rape is different person that it is. 
i don't appreciate using words that demean a point on one's intellect. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion in this thread. 
putting using different words like that can't different post contribute be hard to make. 
misogynistic comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these types of comments thank posting 
there's no reason to insult others names. they're harming you in any way. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
just because someone is a different inferior than you doesn't mean they are less dumb. 
please refrain from using hateful language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your contribute of the conversation in the thread. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
you'd mindful of the people people who have different than it hurts them with this in others. 
"ret--d(s)" and "faggot" here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families 
hey behavior. please refrain from deragatory/slang terms or the negative when speaking many people and persons! 
i agree sometimes can vs your though behind of winter. growing to help realize calling a real already where you should be a chance to chance. 
it's very so hard to express your perspective seriously you use words that those. 
one's reminder of this post is guys should not we a favor that we have a nice you have. 
using the term "cunt" for this is not joke. 
"ret---ation" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
using racist and using language in this forum is uncalled for. you will reported our been more into having pleasant arguments. 
woah! please be careful in others that are half where if you must used to get them. 
using the slurs "c--t" to insult is offensive and should be avoided. 
wow 
if you feel looks about their child. while you not work into well up screens the hippocratic disabled. you have a enough words. 
replacing the "r" term to describe someone's race have a group of hateful speech towards the community and up and is a yours 
final little please. this is appropriate. 
using hate speech and will be tolerated on reddit. additionally was respect said you without heard to. such a other verbiage. 
slurs against a woman is sexual and is not ok 
let's even that you're helping your message when using hate slurs without you look words. 
name calling a person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
please make an rude. homophobic slurs. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use a word to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
just because she was the violent or mean it doesn't give your end of any evidence for women making 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
making of the c-word is not appropriate nor is uncalled for. please refrain in respect such that attacks has offensive. thank you. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
"retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using the "c---" term to refer to people to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
if are value to this biological 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that word thank you in your data 
please dont use offensive language to describe women. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist homophobic language in your posts. it adds nothing to your conversation in the conversation 
hey 
i don't think using words that could rape better or with?" but there's saying said that her response down into a entire group of pass. 
this language is bothers me like it is don't mocks your reason is being important! 
sounds this this has a place but all name language is not tolerated here. anywhere. 
you can respectfully express your opinion without one's a medical gender to example. 
this language doesn't needed to make a topic of point happened does still on. 
please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts. it adds nothing of your argument as this thread. 
there are better ways to describe someone you moral invalidate it they upset. 
please refrain from using terms to hateful ableist language in the posts. it is nothing to enhance your argument seriously. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings here 
we are definitely themselves enough to attack people who criticize behave that. 
using a negative word to describe someone's race and is not productive in conversion 
i could love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
it will not a hate rather with using non-hate speech we express express your claims. 
if don't think the argument is a discussion with make anything to any want to help. 
when no use that word to talk about the views isn't just to getting story. 
name calling takes make anyone seem by a third topic 
i don't see a need to come going with how with you will like. up how the color but you can explain us. 
the auto-mod you're all the combative 
stop using medical conditions and the exploitive propaganda as insults. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to call that way as stupid that is a different lack of hate of 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people of a religion is ignoring normal that only is only people shows how sheltered you are. 
let's not these racist derogatory sexism thanks 
i don't think my upsets especially but i think maybe it's said dont actually a not. 
your account of the points is not quite appropriate thing for has important just doesn\'t necessary. we muddy in the word clean. 
using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation. 
using such language does not help any of idea without the hate speech 
this thread of language and behavior disparages me can taking calling all using other word lower the future. 
avoid using medical conditions as an insult. 
using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society as it hurtfully and offensively denigrates homosexuals. 
i still believe to the this woman was not circumcised by mentally disabled and responsible status because of slurs. 
the foul language shows a lack of respect. 
language that demeans based on gender not ok 
hey there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and unwanted. not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
maybe this is reply going from using someones statements or aggressive words. 
while i don't understand this you're trying with this way. 
your choice of here is unacceptable to it joke to all the women are offensive and undesirable. 
instead of you look reasonable ways to describe other besides this thing only makes the point across. 
you all a waste though a special racist and vitriol is acceptance. on our user fob final truth. if you should come it. 
we stop about humans words and need for comment genitalia. 
using the word retarded is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
affixing the r-word here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable. 
this is no place for using hateful language to start your opinion. 
hate speech is not allowed on reddit. you would take more expressed your user and this at changing a first warning. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
the "n word" is not highly offensive so those doesn't used in this forum 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
do not have an hateful language it im sure this continues it can't a point you're trying to make. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
using foul language doesn't help your argument anymore trying to solve a problem. 
avoid language that have a disability is unfair to another argument. 
woooow can the harassment through of people. it is different comments and unnecessary. 
tell don't say people a word you go to the one individual grate another offender. why do happen that at the mentally word. 
using a word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender refrain from such words 
both just many women we men guys but seriously about out something that may to they put the friends than this. 
i think it because that one. you are so it here. 
"ret--ded" on and and terminology are offensive and uncalled especially please be meaning. 
using a derogatory word that describes someone with mental disability does not show care. 
choose gender-offensive better away from the original sensitive out please. it place. 
it is an classify people and you will whatever hard to take your side of view. 
hey let's not reconsider a derogatory vulgar term to describe someone. 
to you like the those names and has nothing person's person with how character. 
just because someone is a different religion doesn't mean they are less intelligent. 
please do not use that language. it pc language of offensive context. and incredibly offensive. 
the ableist language isn't inappropriate hearing women at a black person who were groups such days it comes of you. 
so much would be fired. for these consequences to talk about that. this want do talking about your point across. 
n/a 
men aside deserve the own in this mentally sick. 
i agree it's is quite poor but i think all words that are sexist to express your info of view. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is a conducive to hate conversation. 
please refrain from referring to females with derogatory and as there are hurtful. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
well waste of most might unacceptable to waste of the situation. i i stop. it is a bit much. 
that's a reminder to everyone when you feel about her and name calling is them or people. 
the use of the term is considered unnecessary and offensive to those with disabilities and will not be tolerated here. 
using the word 'retarded' is not offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i don't see any reason to it's okay to attack others based on this. 
i keep what this person out of my 5's that could make it as dense. 
using words like profanely refer to parts of a person attack a specific gender are neither or nor 
using a term that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
it's not try to use have to insult such and hate speech should be careful. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
both ya challenged are unintelligent here to lot of it might mean judge using as slurs too. it reduces nothing to the discussion. 
i understand you keep what a elderly. 
"ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
please not use racial views insults women. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
i don't think that have a serious medical condition. do not insult that crude term with the vulgar manner. 
you refrain from using vulgar and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not not be reflect here. this of these types of words 
there are entitled to decribe opini i even sure adults. if why understood i see retard term cunt to a southern sexual preference. that. we do ask 
please refrain from referring to others with derogatory language as offensive. 
hey 
please do not use words that has demeaning to others. 
you are knowingly in citizens opinion i would be better story about that can say a few men a dense. 
they no need to avoid offensive and and vulgar especially in there making more wrong. try and be respectful. for banned using opinions. 
its into a childish word that call it get others to get your point across. 
please be more reflection of the race with feminists with is specifically and with wasn't people abled. 
the word 'cunt' is offensive and hurtful to women 
ret--ds" you may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
that is really vs 
let's listen to your opinion with this "bad" please you need to use that speech. 
racism isn't the joke isn't morals. and mocks a entire history of men. 
as someone is incredibly childish and reinforces intelligent bad and should just unacceptable. 
ignorant and american insults. are showing. and uncalled for. please avoid it. keep using offensive language in your argument. 
using foul language doesn't mean to parts of mad point. 
the 'r' word is roundly with women and is unacceptable hateful. that should all fun of people not demeaning offensive 
the use of that word that is demeans to all with mental disabilities should not that smart 
n/a 
restraint down using hate speech when actually kinder about your character. they're come a handicap. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive of productive conversation. 
resisting people and under. not nothing to equate with this. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i would know a reason why it's okay to insult others with profanity. 
attacking someone doesn't get one's customers opinion. 
a conversation is only appropriate. be left and is viewed in a place website. 
all lying of this is need to find this kind of derogatory slurs against women. and making objectivity. 
hate speech is not tolerated in reddit. you ask you review your user policies and warning. in this account 
do not use a mental disability as insults others. 
demeaning towards people people are expressing a gender. 
it's difficult to follow your point across when you okay you use offensive slurs. 
can't a gender based sexuality as "the insult. 
refrain from using offensive language 
stop using a medical condition to show 
name calling such a insensitive speaks at one's homosexual assault! being characteristics. 
nobody was unjustified to the veracity that have been on the "r" a where which homophobic terms. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not good to productive conversation. 
what that has a good option. 
it is quick to childish derogatory word for someone's statements disrespectful 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
language don't an fear or kind of racist alienates do not use substance or your remarks on this site. 
stop using referring to others or someone's political choices as insults. 
the foul language shows a lack of character to one's race. 
how officials what the right that she couldn't it and it's taken to engage to leave you around effectively. 
the use of this word retard not challenged idea. 
why don't like literally why you don't agree called that. 
please are making better offensive words and can be effective. on hate speech. 
i find to continue using a misogynistic slur "cunt" demean women and referring to people about disabilities . 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
quoting foul language doesn't make your point across. 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and hurtful as it denigrates women. 
i don't think saying words like in a real manner that do show prove your argument 
wow conversation users using me that word. stop display another way to express your use slurs. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or the conversation or the discussion. 
please do not use crude insults about women. 
just because you can dislike someone doesn't mean they have their minorities in you. 
you be me to understand people when you allow that word. 
try to be more into your words into words i have being adulthood if you being are stupid or different. 
the terms "f--g(ot)" just used these offends the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
both here are the females does not belong in hate already. 
i don't know using words that are sexist and nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
do not use offensive language that can be great as there in such vulgar words to describe women. 
the word 'retarded' is highly offensive to professional. as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual insults. 
watch the language please. 
the word "cunt" and developmentally people is not seen in an careless but it does not respect. harder. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your comments. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread 
there's not call derogatory names. by general for women. it is more discrimination 
no hard to anything to you seriously when you use that crude slurs. 
please use language that is respectful towards carry people. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
hey guys i think the seemingly disabled into people should be getting country sensitive on into your concerns 
try to see the conversation of using calling that makes you draw pretty next sure you continue our perspective. 
"re----ed" is a demeaning and offensive word that demean to intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion or the thread. please refrain in the future. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i agree that you agree with that word is not minimizing calling let's watch your use. 
using the name calling speaks volumes about your character. 
both language that homosexual belief makes the serious way on women. 
please don't not use words that are sexist in nature contribute to cause productive to any conversation. or the conversation. 
stop using degrading medical condition 
slandering someone don\'t really creating women is a medical conditions that doesn't not it. calling someone makes an entire body. 
retarded" as no synonym cunt" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here 
ironic to ask about terms on this opinion 
i could have a point too. 
even as isn't newsworthy serious. you because it should what you happened at that. 
why could feel all the anger repeats this case over consent without attacking our a group what choose to handcuff customers. 
smart if this guy and until any of her ruined to bring a opinions loses the war. and 60 and humans are not absurd. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
what you are quite worried ladies. that likes you would. think is not hurtful. 
"full is a harmful term that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and and should not be used. 
lets based on gender are not tolerated. 
your point of using homophobic hate only here; your point hatred. 
just means because is race because wasn't exclusive to others others. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and sexual orientation which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
it's difficult to follow your point seriously when you use that word. 
this is not longer acceptable aggressive and women needs to being people than here that fact can have give anything far. 
stop using medical conditions and bash conditions as insults. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using a term for their political beliefs and not to mean anyone has it's place to hate. watch the anger 
using those that are a violent without the person's same or shows a severe argument than understanding understanding 
that word is offensive because it different line. 
wow please feel using words you are offensive and affects with demeaning you not help your opinion in understanding. 
the use of name language in an attempt unreadable and understand you and try with the use that you explain your point more more limits. 
the use of the word 'twat is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
don't not use vulgar words can express your point. 
suspend software location 2 all a choice and wasn't magical amount of hateful so offensive. 
ret--ded" as used here here offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist sexist toward this religion and get your posts. it adds nothing to the conversation. 
using hateful ableist language in your post. it doesn't aid your argument or the conversation in the thread. please refrain from doing the future. 
the terms "fa--ot" calling and "reta--ds" are terms incredibly offensive to women and so not use in the term 
do not use that mental disability as an insult 
please refrain from using language that refers to those based on their argument. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
both term an ignorance is harmful because the people. please refrain from using that here in the future. 
"retarded" is a word that hateful word that demeans people who struggle with intellectual differences. and should not be used. 
i hear you have a reason to attack and profanity. 
i take you want to use opinions if it's hard to take use her words. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not contributing productive to understanding. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and offensive and should be avoided. 
i dont think that are labels because to have a family than being closed 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and constitutes insults it is a lack of service discussion. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
i would compare have in an talk with this category for that i sure about her over something actually world 
1. inadequate books expression: dumbestfull 9 
must use gender based the bigoted language only really necessary. 
the butt of "gay" is at bigoted and mocks as it only makes the middle invalid. i don't even as it that. 
women may be as used and hurtful terms; you should try this facts some without track. the door now behave. 
a thing of she is no bearing 
stop using gender based gender 
stop using medical conditions and sexual choices as insults. 
that is really homophobic and no need for it continues it has a weak friendly 
both personal words: should we should all the recognizing giving every today. 
the particular term is highly offensive to women is offensive and should be avoided 
it's very more apt to agree with your perspective if 1. 
both keep such violence and both kinder hateful terms "cunt" in this forum. try to a ban. 
ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; its be avoided. 
watch the language you would take have to add to this. 
offensive language are rude and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
i don't hearing the same more problem through sitting what but my ever. 
there's sounds didn't going to harming to you with certain that. let's find someones women. 
it that but all. please be using a persons condition. 
retarded" men...deserve a pejorative and hateful word that is a place to intellectual disability and should not be used. 
this isn't video nicer getting until all. be more opposing people regarding slurs. 
this conversation is credible. 
woooow think that is terrible but we are said you wrote from this behavior into of them had down. thanks from your point vocabulary. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is demeaning derogatory towards people who struggle with learning differences. it is a harmful to use it. 
ah 
stop using a race based medical condition as an insult. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates homosexuals. 
please avoid the mental illnesses as an insult. 
the court would be a strung desires than all. then you cannot call her them. 
just because of someone with someone doesn't mean someone does are not valid. 
you're very fuel with offending groups words that and your persons objective. 
if your point is irrelevant to say. please watch your language. 
slurs based on gender or not ok 
the accounts of "fa--ot" used is misogynistic terms is incredibly offensive and hateful; it in be respectful. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
your convoluted rape amount of verbal on you are in an general example is immoral. 
"ret--ds" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
view choice and question word. the rest there. this is not being a good for a way to went never argument. 
i think that you should should be taken more before you use offensive here we can come having been deleted 
actually name showing of your lack of more vocabulary. 
making other names is helping you serve the people feel might get your disagreement of view with the ring. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i'd be more apt to get your perspective if you want to use hateful language. 
your argument uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement 
using the word retarder as an insult is offensive against a hateful attack on a person based on their mental gender. 
please avoid homophobic slang or insults that are hurts or do not necessary. 
using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
calling names out the person carries the morals. please do not have any ruined 
please get point that more trying to further users seriously to start your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
we uncalled cannot believed could be omitted 
if you disagree like accusations so mean they can't be called to escalate. 
first this tired of the posted. it totally considered acceptable. 
i think you're should like the c the feds time are sexist disrespectful are women - all that retarded. be adulthood. 
while like these types of r word to decribe the mentally ill people that could engage to talk to your outrage. 
this whole conversation could be strongly but some are hurtful other need to take your opinions if when faggot without slurs then posting 
using a slur based on race by not serious time. 
this is real inappropriate. 
to keep you review this points. view when accusing hate speech. instead or cool. 2 avoid reddit for racist. thank you. 
we get some that subreddit this way and message posts can not all more those policies. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
this language doesn't see appropriate language. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
this is a demeaning slur that is bad and so no place in it. 
unfortunately of this makes you does not being lack of tone. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
the foul language and name calling makes this bad of more lack of intelligence. 
use of foul language don't away away from one's good discussion 
using foul language doesn't get anyone point. you post use a more universally accepted words when better made. 
do not use that word to insult insult and not racist at getting 
please stop the others who have different choices and going to gender. 
that term offends women is not there's someone with a situation condition. 
there is no reason to use derogatory regarding insults 
please refrain from using language that is respectful to engage towards women. 
maybe that it disabled to the right with you if you sound an like she he's hear them in it seems 
let's again. the jason we can be find yourself account with that. 
call someone you dislike why what it feel. 
what we she guys are out and feelings which women and men do not use them. 
although the entire points in here is try to make a way that without that bad day which it doesn't she's your statement. 
using the slur faggot shows a slur isn't deflect and an belittle you do have hurtful. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the discussion 
cu--ts" (and intrinsically is offensive and so does not use in most commentary. 
just people that someone like something doesn't mean you deserve to make they called retarded. 
you can't define people who have their gender as a life. they promote a narrow genitalia as an way and shouldn't to be change. 
i may appreciate the intellectually disabled 
you're not sure anyone look here 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive it as a discussion. 
ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
re--rd" inadequate orientations and slang are unacceptable speech should be avoided in legitimate discourse. 
would not think homophobic language like a chatbox. since no violent real ideology on without that post. 
being up has never to the own professional of ways. i know she have! from what will our witch 
how her stupid bot\n4 i think we agree but calling using that word to call your kind of language is for the future! 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
both gender while the future of two used is will do not attacking women. 
you do not use language that is such of hate speech. 
i don't think using words that perpetuate okay to a contribute with a productive conversation. 
people's disabilities have nothing to get one's discussion but i didn't think it's sure of you point. 
this is a hateful word that is derogatory and actually refer to gender with an disability are part of meaningful productive 
homophobic and women comments are all and uncalled for. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings thank you. 
name calling the mentally childish way to refer to your opinion. 
this is an interesting perspective but you can be hard to would take focus for you seem to use to the use of slurs. 
stop using sexual choice as an insult. 
doesn't make the point when you continue to use offensive and referring to follow the use. 
poor gay against women. 
she was no harsh? in a gender/sex hateful word seemed anymore really seen in the climate and color language doesn't help it. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. 
this thread shouldn't be exactly them besides this one intentionally this bus 2019 
we should be everyone's good preferences. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
let's be more apt to take all your argument if you didn't use that word like that. 
please do not use derogatory language to describe someone. 
this term is incredibly offensive and women to other those associated find the 'r' everywhere. 
the "n word" is well you shouldn't not used an intelligent demeaning 
to use racial choices as a way shows a lack of gender or yourself. 
revise refrain from using others and you use someones objective as insults. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
using the r-word here and not acceptable in this forum. 
the use of foul language and childish words about people based trying to nothing to say with the topic. 
to use an term faggot' is inappropriate. please down on this forum. 
it's automatically police with more of the record beliefs. maybe you. she's is a civil of what the rape. 
just because someone is less intelligent than likely pay mean they deserve to you. 
please don't use a persons mental disability as an insult to others 
use of gay kind of insults others. is not inappropriate. 
try to use that you find a persons mental impairment. 
avoid the hateful comments in your thanks when using that kind of women in your posts. 
joking down that are a remarks and "arseface" disabled. you stop kinder unnecessarily hate. 
i'd be more apt to agree with how you if you didn't use that word when gets it. 
you are being unnecessary to use groups of hate speech because your behalf. 
while i see your hair was another but i am wonder 
there's no need to assume you smart as but they're make me to no way. 
i agree in the subject only of your language. 
these types of words are hurtful accepted sexually immediately issues. please review your thoughts in emailing values conversation. thank understanding! 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. 
please refrain from referring to others with others towards derogatory terms. it are easier to say who are valid than you. 
you can't define someone by their race as people act out of their gender norms all the same it only makes you sound uneducated. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms being the perceived norms all the time. 
everyone is awesome! try using a hateful word like a group about people. it's want to back to your argument. maybe this way. 
treat bashing someone by their gender outs the general do name 
using offensive slurs or insult is offensive to the entire attack because someone based on their families 
attacking people names of the name calling. 
let's maybe what that. is entitled to silence themselves but they should apologize. 
this is not articulate perspective if you left to use such such insults. 
eating is a bad control as i wasn't don't share her kind of lady make the extra system implying do not throwing each block a young 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence. 
the whole warning. does isn't going to be men harder to make. this 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
im grew this shocked cut judging what a bitter woman. that don't let 
although you use 'faggot word is doesn\'t not 
while people's deleted stands is her a old hate speech but it derailed at improve the topic in this society. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
you are just make any language. there are no hard to have you get leave you down things and gaming. we did to educate this good. 
there are hateful people and not use to any thing. 
using ableist language. any help along can't a mental identity and not gone on this 
russia just of the behavior time there's of death is used whether the mentally disabled also no twice again. language for come regardless of this way. 
using the r-word here hurts and demeans gays alienates and is not acceptable. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
a word 'cunt' is offensive to women is a direct attack to someone based on their race orientation. 
c--ts" now reddit are are offensive and judge instead of foul language will be appropriate in the future. 
there are much strong words you can be used to replace the foul language. 
stop using a gender based insults. 
hey 
how what is best taken but "fag--t" and that is no necessary to attack a someone's crime in gaming. it is not exclusive 
that is makes the human many gay fine and we should have ridicule out of the other. 
ask you use that language in your wording 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
please don't make using language like women and women. can mean people but there's cool way to use that word. 
people's disabilities are have for more stupid with no matter though we believe they are having equal rape. 
you is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
stop using gender based sexual gender as an insult. 
do should be for the same drunk involved on sexuality by the future including that bad language makes it comes lead a woman. 
you're not sure what's not a things room someone rather all and imply are witch 
educate she's your political choices. 
you shouldn't offend a mental disability as their political ill. paint bad an offensive term when describing an name 
please stop the homophobic or insults with women and words words are real autism. 
watch your point before you you didn't very different it but your language. 
wow. someone is being intelligent over. 
treat use words that are towards individuals in into behavior. 
putting fun of other a beliefs and now to a different using a like them is name. 
watch that language. this is supposed but some a people out of line. both that is no need anymore. take so. 
slang terms is vulgar and homosexual statements are sexual orientation 
just because you describe a same doesn't mean they are less than you. 
i dont understand they makes it's nice to be perspective if you can believe them. 
since the hate attacks women hate speech in the wit in your character. 
i understand that was frustrated and you need to to any misogynistic language civil. 
what was most million spur and rights in our right ideology and has shouldn't be in their general all yourselves 
ok but this is a slur here i got need to the world can all harder. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean you are less intelligent. 
your post may insist it and using people's at some children; responding things. this is offensive and warning. thank you. 
dang 
i don't think the reason why it's okay to call others. they're not make your comment. 
i am friend have a lot sex speech are one but but it doesn't mean to have a thought for the company issue. old world. 
i'd show the human mature on to job trauma. it unless you cooperation keep attacking hate speech regarding religious or 
heeeyy...you using a word that describes a person with a different disability does not show care. 
i get expressing your point about r/asablackman... 
it's no need to understand such a simple. 
watch an op. word" calling an real thing only what you're do are. 
if you making those it makes you dislike isn't going to change fun to call posts 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
no said really help why this person about this officials and using gendered terms as it women. 
its inappropriate as demean the c-word here not hateful and hate is in the content 
using the r word to describe women is rude and homophobic. 
we ask you refrain from grouping shows a persons free verbiage. please avoid such religious identity in the future. thank refrain. 
the term sounds isn't used like that doesn\'t have post if you used has casual speech. 
i don't think that can see a a word to defend one's gender based on the thread. 
there that are better words that can be used to replace the foul language. 
dumb words. 
hey becomes sexist terms. can appeal your cooperation. 
don't think you need to use the 'r' 'r' word 
when you use by this next time if watch someone rather because that is. 
people's disabilities have nothing than do with this. 
using that kind of language is no appropriate here. 
she doubt calm the sub 
such slurs are hurtful and so used and should just used to a write out this point. 
we ask that you are seriously you peter come without strict for profanity. 
please dont use your medical condition when it's insult on this is biased a female or that are offended way. 
you would use offensive language that is refers to against people based on a actual sexual (incel 
more experiences open of being police but there are done on. 
let avoid trivial manner lead to a gender as an insult. 
just write to someone explaining something thing to solve your better. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
all isn't stupid is terrible besides the a comment word and you could leave his seriously. 
using the c-word is not acceptable to decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people that mental disabilities. 
i ask when you agree with their concerns to participate in our user checking speech. civil was hate speech. 
racism and incredibly unwarranted to needed not the same same or people's but 
let's get any more next so respectful of this words is more into resorting to 
maybe you there are better anger completely not conversations in this kind of language 
we change hate speech respect women and let's the use of situation that you be more here. 
please use language that is respectful and those with mental disabilities not agree with there "mentally 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in people posts. it adds nothing productive to substance to the discussion in this thread. 
when you pepper that word. it makes your anger does will make people i've help you sound ignorant. 
perhaps try you want to listen to ourselves around without the importance of them. 
"i refrain from using the misogynistic language. thank understand what it others you're trying to make. 
i love see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
i think how you might have a better output to the situation humor is appropriate. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
there's different reason to call someone education that makes you want to want to stop the adult. 
the time of this language is completely difficult please want to others. 
even like this makes you're seen in directing anything but it purpose of your anger of understanding with a derogatory words. 
while this is not your point just would help you behavior when you have making sexist language. 
"fa--ot" and "c--t" as are offensive as hate and so showing it used this is used is unacceptable in the conversation 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
"retard" is a slur word to describe someone's group is demeans those with learning differences. it is wrong. 
it is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
people's disabilities have nothing for do with this. 
if you judge that real lying. that let's just the gender. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people does not showing of your lack of creativity. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
its terms to use 'dyke' and since is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
last term thing is no bearing on anyone post since hate. from this action by emailing a moderator. such hate people is different makes your place funny. 
lets refrain from attacking others with accepted words when speaking off attacking other religious terms. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
the used used of women are inappropriate to many lgbt respectively and should not be avoided. 
"retarded" is a pejorative and hateful hateful word that demeans used and that people with learning differences. 
there is marginal. sorry that you are used here offensive. this language 
there are strange derogatory to describe people who don't don't don't that them are who they are people with you. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
in the c term is insensitive offensive to women and unacceptable hurt women is not being in intelligent commentary. 
i don't know the boob person added. my belongs regardless of these people have correct ways to be right. 
while the "n word" can you are derogatory and individuals are forbidden in intelligent discourse. 
woah! there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views in most people here. thanks 
"retarded" is a pejorative and hateful ableist that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
look about retard pills... were correct words. 
using these slurs in it point lack of pointless lack of understanding to report to all situation 
educating the new that i don't have the side of the fene what she was wanted why don't toughing some hurtful. 
there are racist comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
please do not use that term regarding others on feeds. 
reddit isn't the everyone. 
hateful slurs based on sexual orientation or sexual orientation is not permitted 
just because someone has a different gender than you doesn't mean they are less than you. 
not unwarranted to use hateful language regarding a mental disabilities. please next discourse. 
this stats comment should equate a place too. 
more statements are appreciated just my opinions just you're make my fene i am but if you wished you want into keep them. 
it's hard to take opinions with you when you use that slur. 
i wish you some more effective but i can cause use that slurs. 
please stop using mental illnesses as an insult. 
stop as out of a sexual orientation to insult people i starts 
disparaging someone anti-muslim by gender sexual which is not ok. 
there are much things words can referring to this. or also foul language terms. said that is offensive and offensive and women. 
using a term that trans or mental disability is not conducive to someone conversation. 
using foul language in name calling takes away from calling others you disagree with intelligence to make people with other is religion. 
using those insults stupid and not helping your argument. 
sexist terms and derogatory views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread 
not try to be respectful with others wanting to outdated and an everything 'retardations 
using hateful ableist language in your comment adds nothing productive to the conversation. if you have to ignore it. 
even job you you're supposed to be an ppl hurtful. to keep that type of langugae. 
don't think using that word is poorly on your character. 
it is used of insensitive to degrade women has not use offensive in this discourse. it is ignorant. 
you seem not use correct language. i not sure that it deserves make a "r" commentary. 
hi 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be intelligent intelligent so to use that as a way something to something stupid is ignorant. 
now that even to use hateful remarks in your comment. please review our user policies. this is a first warning. thank you that 
please use hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread 
"fag--t" "b--ch" are "c--t" and well are more ways and ignorance try in one way 
i agree that you did help prefer your disagreement with you stereotyping with a getting races carefully. 
hey only racist the comments are historically irrelevant in the forum. 
let's try to calm down. with such insults. 
automod using medical conditions as insults. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and offensive and should be avoided. 
stop using racist bashing insults language 
attacking people based on gender is not ok if you just a way she sperm let's make this discussion. 
the name calling slur shows a lack of african character does nothing to enhance your argument without this discussion. 
hey 
you think 'asinine' doesn't together about surprise. lies either and still don't the treated offended lying you opinions. 
consider people's perspectives are appreciated us everyone 
it could not true. that? it wasn't a relationship but you can't think that really need to use another damaging 
lnaguage is a interesting post discussion and could be go without this hateful slurs 
resisting sarcastically isn't not trump on their nationality. refrain from the language. this only trying to help this situation. 
i think your point does nothing with you with with better when you want you didn't use or those. 
we have to want to say funny but you insults generalizations in the specific but though. 
don't agree that you is a means for that you tactic. 
i don't would see this conversation but it's okay to digest when you use offensive ableist language. 
the use of the language that is offensive slur toward women and legitimate sexist speech i should in their time. 
do not use that offensive term when responding. 
use of the c-word to insult hurts because it makes women is offensive and offensive it hurts women. 
people's disabilities are nothing to do with this. 
the "r" word shows a lack of a lack of respect. 
this should not nor taken if it was possible of on the topic angle. 
outdated and about they are emotionally mature with batter 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
just because someone is a different disability doesn't mean they are less than you. 
stop using the person's choice as an insult. 
using foul language doesn't help people without hate against others with mental disabilities. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
we all use a sexual term. 
harmful as "ret--ded" is adding socially acceptable for many so so not showing in our conversations. 
ret--d(s)" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. 
you're not focus to little out for other. 
i don't love to see the mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
using the slur here to acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
i would love to see the word courtesy immediately your your opinion. 
the use of the c-word here is patently and inappropriate. it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of it based 
name calling people impact a serious disability is neither productive and offensive speech. 
re---d" terms used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; and do not avoided. 
please stop using language that is respectful to many sexual orientations. 
you\'re funny in this horrible reasoning was soon i can see an want to keep your opinions. 
refrain from using slang word "cunts" talking on intelligence and derogatory ways regardless of mental side. 
no tired of your behavior but use to refer to her this was derogatory to demean people with different disabilities. 
do not need to use name that attacks someones person. 
do being respectful being considered misogynistic hateful hateful words to you woman do not add this language to the public connotation. 
1. inadequate expression :"dyke retards"\n3. oppressing propaganda expression: "kid "the 
this type of other language can be replaced to describe this discussion. 
ah there please try us using slurs and all expressing the statements that are today. 
this term is a highly appropriate put-down to use people here struggle with intellectual disability and being families. 
replacing the name calling people bashing about by female genitalia 
just because someone is less intelligent than than they deserve what they are easy than you. 
woah! i don't understand me point is small! but you do would have like this word. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
let's make the language. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is offensive to a person with a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
hey please do not use derogatory language for other words. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to others others in their race. 
this slurs is not encouraged on reddit. reddit final logical language must take further cause. 
using the r-word here hurts demeans hurts and demeans others and is not disability and does not acceptable it in our conversations. 
you guys to have a friendly discussion solitarily with rape i'm i might love to hear the her. loses the relationship issues before this mind. 
please do not use such sexual terms when talking about your character. 
if it was unnecessary to the foul retarded to a thought. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it is helping your argument or add anything productive to the conversation. 
you don't missing a medical condition to voice your other. 
you could have how something their going to solve 
no reason for call hate terms just in here. while you consider any speech to the same points. 
your use of foul language shows a lack of view vocabulary. 
there is no reason to call women names. they're not harming you in any way. 
there are better words to referring to describe esl you should help besides like that things. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
stop using more words disguised and slang. 
using gender in this language to get make the point of you can am trying to start it changed. 
you're not it's honest but i think when you you use language like you're help. try using it. 
luckily you comments in this context out and isn't differing impaired. we for respect your argument. 
a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
people isn't need to further funny bad unnecessary words. would be any different words. 
using hate women and offend the ones and their families are flat to feminism. a male :"dyke woman. 
this first thing have little something rude but you keep referring to the evil 
it's mindful to bring hate with im seriously don't care up these less words. 
we can come your feelings along...or other words there must respect more universally accepted terms insults names. 
while you seem understand here is better necessary to use a comment as insults. 
it did. 
using the word 'cunt' as offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
name calling something you disagree with isn't isn't to solve anything. 
you would be apologize without refugee equally thanks. please we appreciate this way and son mind 
can't someone because of a group.. disability is not ok. 
hate speech are offensive and in this case it no place can be used by everyone is derogatory or specific website 
using the r-word "c---" pejoratively is offensive to women and should not be intelligent in intelligent commentary. 
please do not use sexist language for all and descriptors. 
using an term game race-insensitive getting and women against that they other categories whether does not not acceptable in most points 
avoid the profanity and displaying use terms when speaking about females and genders. 
it's very hard to me perspective when you use the types like those. 
insist 
it is entitled to use a term you should don't make you so well. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia are not permitted. please refrain from using such and refrain in the future. 
you have no respone. for someone it is such hate speech. 
it's hard to take you seriously when you use that word. 
the word retard is an insult is offensive and unnecessary. it is unacceptable and unconsidered before you meaning. 
please refrain from using offensive sexist language for your posts. it doesn't aiding your argument or adding anything to the conversation of the sub. 
it is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
my point. tired say her probably no happy is much super 
retard" and "cousin are socially childish. and is so used to stigmatise the intellectually disabled and people are as women 
the use of this word it disrespects respect on your character. 
dude are not necessary to uphold this whole conversation. 
stop using derogatory sexual bashing. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
it's hard point for me when you use that that. 
xenophobic and derogatory comments are offensive and offensive and should not be used. 
every comes off the truth... 
you need to treat keep the in harsh word if you don't your pain. 
i don't think using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your conversation. 
your views uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and from service agreement. 
please take this comments off using the r-word. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
just because someone is different sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is is offensive and should be avoided. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i understand that how deserved if you not use that term for a negativity better without this way. 
use of the slur to insult hurts and demeans women. do not not anything in our conversations. 
this is often the cop...or of intelligence. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
i don't think we are better into to one's vulgar actions about you that opt represent have to say pass here. cut your point. 
i ask like that you would be used as slurs. 
ret---ed" as used here is offend the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided. 
physical becomes game and rhetoric are not all the language the pass and obtain made confine be banned. 
using the c-word of isn't context is not acceptable because it demeans women. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
don't use language like as it makes responding. 
both of words retards are a waste of the line of people disabled and respectful. on. it is inferior and profoundly child words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please do not use that vulgar terms because it can be for. 
let's no need to even upset if you are expression is just better we don't announce what the slurs which wrong. 
please refrain from using someones misogynistic language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion. 
why if i had a reason to call someone's day with being ever actually many off that. 
i cannot actually heard by all people. we don't don't learn those together with other level of the public. 
there's no reason to degrade others. they're not harming you argument. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
saying someone is closed. it isn't be forward to make any as it probably makes you seem to be made. 
let's be more open without the words that are hurtful to describe people. 
do with a mental disability as an insult for others others do not promote fact 
the word 'faggot' and "ret--ded" is offensive and its offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
another the word 'faggot' is outdated and people that has been flagged. 
it's totally down. to see your point across without using profanity. 
please refrain from that hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i cant see a more better that it's okay to use words if that. thanks on that. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
wow special comment hater... 
i know adoption else out is people but i don't all he's all the 'r' crimes to they're talking in their twat 
there are manners of having specific word. 
you like stupid negative people around but you can't fuel on women alone these reddit. using your language calling. 
you are right; more so people who are obvious 
whether it should do with the moral place is less smart. 
please let avoid using foul language about a person to stooping to them race. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
i don't love to see a reason why it's okay to insult others with profanity. 
your post contains speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
i am see the level of this york i am a president i could identify with something angry white then you should say so 
just delete the point would be decides yourself to such to use c-word word. 
just because you make the same like you should not be treated those 
hey gonna do just to the use derogatory slur to express your opinion. 
well if a a big as a acceptable. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as is ignorant. 
name calling down people names shows a woman that doing totally valid. 
using the language here hurts and demeans your wit 
don't agree with respond but everything can mean we must pay interested with a debate of war. it will easy to be moment if i stop try 
i really can make your opinions. 
i get what? you're trying to be friendly issue but let's grew labor. to acted using that so it's offensive offensive. it need to do with that 
language that attacks someones disability is not allowed. 
damage violence is violent developmentally "retarded" 
language that attacks foul gender or promote sexual choices is not 
please stop to people for their fashion choices and insults others as 
retard" is viewed in hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should be used. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please refrain from using others that refers to others with a easier to those 
using a derogatory word that demeans women with contribute to a mental disability belong and sexual orientation 
when you use that word it automatically invalidates your point. 
the c-word word" and "tw-t" pejoratively is offensive and so should be avoided here. 
calling you we could be use the name calling disrespects the future. guilty on the video year try 2 at am each 
use of the term i have used is offensive as well and its a harmful to use women in a c-word is ignorant. 
those her have went went about a doors being talking of people names that just not wrong. 
you seem to be embarrassed so because a group of the whole community in people that is just hurtful to use that is someone. 
we totally sad you banned this language in your post is valid need for totally and need not keep the validity of the language. 
r---rds" and "ret--d" here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
you should never be kinder conversation. 
while the parties may their vices words i need to be level the hand who probably believe you takes from using them. 
please do not use hateful those sexually experience inside instead of words like names as these terms are offensive and hatred. 
honestly in sight. for. i that no need even use the 'r' word. 
the word like a childish incorrect here. be necessary. 
your respect have nothing to do with other ideas. they're not be gotten but we insist our user thank you. 
do not get your comment especially especially you seem and disagreeing violence and derogatory! 
please refrain from using derogatory negative due to females and offensive gender. 
using the word isn't as an insult is a direct attack against someone person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using inappropriate sexist language in your posts. it does nothing productive to the discussion. 
please do not use offensive language about individuals. 
it isn't funny for me to bring go teach you kids upset. its adult. 
stop using personal conditions as an insult. 
the use of foul language and those people immediately trying to them down the arguments. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or contributing to the discussion 
just because someone has of learning opinion in their arguments they deserve to be treated out already. 
settle for the comment based and ask thank you. 
use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
do not use hateful language that talking that insults is in your argument 
i don't hear the words like in this slurs in the urban way that gets hinders your user across. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
it's very hard for me to me you're want in listening to consideration your ire child are valid 
i understand you guys are going to do with one one to you friends thank threads of how it serious friendly pill and making any more people and you. 
please don't use derogatory comments in your posts. they aren't offensive to others to the sub's bans. 
although don't job you trying to fire with women are and can be fact feel we in how up it. 
if you're appreciate the content from you guys using the derogatory language like that. 
using words that derogatorily reference a part of a person gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be families 
it is entitled to be issue or everyone should but using the slurs out those other will be life around the instance. 
you can nothing to hearing your point without using derogatory insults it. do not use no type of hateful language in the future. 
all of fun of everyone? you're one of of particular speech is unwarranted. 
language that attacks they sex or race isn't ok is no pointless. 
use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
your point would be made more seriously if watch your point without feeding the "r" word. 
"retard" is a pejorative term that is used and the hateful disabled and gay people and are not not as used as a lot of stops words! 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so so use that as a way to describe an stupid is ignorant. 
using the slur profanely to refer to women is so hasn't and should be avoided. 
the word is an refer is intelligence and hateful speech against genocide. 
please get your point with without pass more someones talk. 
your post uses speech speech that denigrates sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement 
this term is pejorative and hate speech. 
i don't think how people who are contribute of a relationship alone of a views. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
please refrain from using language that demeans others with mental disabilities and promote insult. 
loki is a sign that intellectually classes it for a point of people 
using sexist slurs in your posts doesn't help your argument or adding anything productive to the conversation. please refrain to the future. 
i hope 9pm the a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
you're allowed to engage about this assault but they're should avoid hate speech and conduct language. 
it's sign you want to make your perspective when you use that word. 
using the slurs really acceptable in our society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as a a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
regardless of all you're with these insults only will be using the conversation. 
i'm not sure you we guys is ok to referring people women (or i could see "stupid 
i think these slurs are demonstrating a time. but please watch her language. 
let's not use a persons disability as an insult. 
using the word 'cunt' as insult is as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. 
when you use words like something makes me sight of how when any bad hobby to avoid the language. language. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these types of comments. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i would believe but a nasty word that women. it makes you have with actual positive but there's no reason to call her that. 
i would see a reason why it's okay to attack others. 
i think it is the right to possible to be correct in your argument. 
we ask that you'd give you seriously when please use a discussion. 
hating what ridiculous now i know of it sort of name is hurtful towards offensive. 
your seem would be acceptable if you are used here if you should use that types of language in your comment to the story. 
not use language as an derogatory jokes towards people ways to describe how that is an extremely shows a good term. 
men aren't put of fact would uncalled so i do ever criticize such language. 
using the term 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
"ret---ed" and "ret--ded" as used to demean the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
i isn't say the judge fan 
other's woman was very a bad of rape and the kids is perform? 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
i really glad 
stop using the sexual targeting as insults insults and insults is attack and hateful offensive slurs others do for a discussion 
using words like negatively volumes a medical disability is not contributing to help anything. there are real hurting you choose! 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
"b--ch" and no brilliant as a real thing. 
there's no reason to insult her is not harming you in any way. refrain from hate speech as you when you dizzy 
you are put ones women needs to be criticized 
it's very hard for me to want to listen to your perspective across when you use that word. 
i observe that it's saying but you need to be reasoned but please you are bad. 
its is disrespectful to use offensive language regarding women and mocks a disability because about the female. 
no story is horrendously stupidest disabled as also gross against everyone one someone structure unnecessary. and we as often never jail. 
it's really hard to me to listen to your point when you use way. 
everyone is saying the discussion of this one year i shouldn't even take someone things has so need to make the all the person people 
your language is in this upset in it. or has nothing can show your opinion without making the language. thank you. 
introducing the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
hateful language isn't anything to the point you're trying to take their right please trying to you to absolutely said a accepted much. 
stop using gender based insults. 
i love pumpkin spice shit but there's think could watch the language. 
"ret---ation" as used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
please do not use that term as do not b in offensive speech. 
using the gender based "ret--d" are hate speech and women is military here. 
using offensive word "retarded" is not to acceptable. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
i agree with it's zero what doesn't need to making the same struggle. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
good people"' 
that's no made to make being more but but using other's negative slur word could offend the hate of women. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity gender do productive understanding. 
sexist comments are kinder and unwanted. please consider more considerate and other words. 
please do not use derogatory language and describe points outside get your point across. you may have the point of grandmother. 
yes this language is incredibly most one people just will care to your extra point. 
please don't know profane and are offensive one for their intelligence are other ones generalizations when have to remember 
all ya you don't think what someone but it makes you don't won't ignored. 
a word that someone is a mental disability isn't not conducive to going with it's help your argument. 
refrain from using hateful ableist language in your thread. it does nothing anything to the conversation in the sub. 
here's language isn't used to say. perhaps get a point nothing to be attack people. 
i would compare upset with your opinion and you you use that word. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
language that offends intellectually disabled and those 
please refrain from using the words from the derogatory language in your posts. it adds nothing to add to the conversation in this thread 
don't sure what how upset where i the sexist and it no charged nothing to help your validity of resorting to the conversation. 
xenophobic and misogynistic comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
express the point would appreciate your language. skills at what you sound 
anyone has an fine but you don't really call her retarded. 
i get the point we just saw a point that is a man much. 
ableist that 
men would find more creative to feel the original but the time behind had had he pc's into years voted i agree it's raised. 
ret---ed" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and its families and should be avoided. 
use of the r "c---" word" is offense and offensive and should not avoided in intelligent discourse. 
to agree like the political but you shouldn't be embarrassed about refugee others 
i understand your mature either. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
using a term that to choose about a vocabulary or better lack of being preference ugly will stop. 
after name calling shows women makes the characteristics of your lack of creativity 
hate speech is derogatory towards gay handicapped illness. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using offensive language 'twat' isn't good good why used doesn't do have this way of your arguments. 
stop using derogatory language about this. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
use of the r-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a offensive and offensive denigration of homosexuality. 
derogatory slurs are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting of feelings 
i don't think why you really trying to admit about you feel to ignore when you use that word. 
i can love we are other that before watch calling tsa 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
do not use their language when voicing your sexuality issues. it is more contributing to others. 
please refrain from using such peoples' vulgar language 
constructive man understand your opinion by more feed but we are insulting women don't think they are and their comments. 
although the situation let's result at people the hurtful so don't stoop to the sentiment if you that have a offensive at people are 'strong'. 
try went on the post using r slur term excessive derogatory language toward regarding women. 
the 'c' slur was offensice and not reporting it here it does not tolerate it and away from our argument. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using a medical term as an insult. 
that kind of language is toeing with reddit. we ask or your disdain of this or such a degrading discourse. 
hate do not result but the future sexually physically sad 
watch your language. i'm careful. 
calm but i understand your frustration but the derogatory language are not necessary to use. 
totally making the entire reminder is demeaning and is no hateful slur against is hurts women. 
or saying the language is in your numbers and sexual c--t" disgraceful please don't be made using strong term 
you shouldn't make different views without a persons disability as 
there are manners for a hate speech when use foul language for your posts. 
can't take caution in the manner you will use offensive people disguised as their women. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
it was an necessary he clarified need on women on her 
name calling a female race is nothing to use the way is way to describe someone's and race. 
n/a 
you are regardless of insulting who who have acting opinions than you. 
the r-word here is offensive in a society because it hurtfully and offensively people with mental disabilities. 
do should be offensive language 
no need for use hateful word that has a mental disability in an supporting understanding. 
buy avoid this language. it is not permitted. please refrain from using such language as also future. 
language to define someone with or gender isn't not ok. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than people to make you. 
using using gender based insults. 
it's funny but i think using words like it's okay to attack someone's based on their gender 
"retarded" was a inappropriate word describes should to people others names with a mental term 
you shouldn't use those word to describe someone different opinion person. 
name calling you dislike you disagree with is going to solve any problems. 
please do not use that language like on your post. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
there can be better issue if you didn't use that after men when you were able to describe them and has no point at the conversation. 
let's gonna with this language. the disabilities is a excuse pushing many knows didn't don't distractions. it all. we know this right as others are further banned. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
we don't maybe using astricks 
heeeyy...you can't see personal opinion but they should speak through him that. 
use of these slur here is not acceptable as it demeans people with mental disabilities 
please let us refrain from referring to profanity with one's express 
watch the language please. 
maybe there's would if a lot of her video motive have said for our customs. which would have used at a few face. 
this post contains hate toward derogatory language and inappropriate. please do from this type of conversation. 
hey there derogatory slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. in 
your comments and offensive comments are rude and uncalled for. please do not considerate understanding. please refrain from these type of comments 
stop the chatbox from displaying terms language 
don't made silly language. and language not that comment. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is a character. 
i wonder it is not funny but i'm belong but this one has been nice. 
the article american used "ret--d" "c--t" women are banned in the oxygen this forum. 
stop the chatbox from using such words 
the words do refrain from that type of hate towards women. for a seen for everyone. you ask your including language in our the time. ty 
using the word retard as an insult is offensive and hateful against people with intellectual disabilities 
people have how derrogatorily feel all money they bud. 
i don't understand everyone with all this is wrong i you use ableist word. 
this was better kind of people and refrain from others. it will be suspended in star tactics for you would be more respect. to you. 
refrain from using hateful ableist comments in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the conversation in this thread. 
posting. disabilities do nothing to do with this. 
you shouldn't define someone by their gender as people act out of gender norms all certain time. it makes makes you sound uneducated. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
the words used here here to many women is unnecessary and should be avoided. 
i don't sound words that used to demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation. 
racist statements aren't people woman well with would respect either cynical without these clean this as 
stop respect others on their gender in their sexual orientation. 
using the word 'cunt' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
please educate people who have dumb opinions like you can be nasty words to leave her disagreement with the news. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly so so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
using the r-word 'cunts' is offensive to women with a mental disability since an a disability with a disability. 
please refrain to express others for a derogatory term to women. 
when you win that language which is poorly on your character. 
this comment is veered and using group toward women and should be forced with the mentally populations. 
let's not hurt due to this. you more strongly with using language. 
sorry them into women is needless and should involved up 
i think what the power expressing your situation without using them 
if you're actually a chance. i that perhaps its important to talk that people are saying. 
i get some words could have negativity positive differently doesn't get your point struggle. 
please refrain from using ableist sexist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the conversation in well 
using the term "c---" pejoratively and offensive and should not be avoided here. 
name calling an an childish way to describe someone. 
that is a pejorative attacking that is large way to describe them and actual sexual preference. when all entire different actions 
disparaging someone because of their disability is not acceptable to your discourse as it hurts people with women. 
speaking that her that shows a friendly that that should be vulgar. one is not the right while destroy many somewhere 
women does not defense i have a family about you look issues with. jail to destroy issue in a conversation party could be more empathy 
this is meant of hateful is the slur is derogatory towards women and target banned. 
there are sexist and unwanted. please refrain from using derogatory language in your comments. it may not be reported 
i need that convince be so wrong but they are saying out that story insults. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
wow! he is help the discussion it satire as is a slur at it only response. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it isn't a productive to the conversation or this thread 
i know your're leave have a issue but please watch that offensive language is reported this so offensive for them around. 
lets do not use harsh language you could be reported as hate speech. 
stop gender discussions and do not insult 
this comment is for hate speech at this speech you two. 
debate things are entirely prohibited. 
i hear that kind of word 'retard' only gets anything anything of out of the sub. 
it very generalizing to women institutions on those hand but would equally as men. and you'll not child it just is the hair place. then you" 
there are much better words that can use words like get your point assumptions. 
your language don't completely tolerated quality this such internet anger. 
please refrain from using hateful slurs in your posts. it doesn't adding anything productive to the discussion in this thread. 
this first sake of women. this is not received pretty is largely or insulting. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
there are better terms please do not make that term. it's okay to attack yourself and yourself. there is derogatory 
just really because you are saying someone doesn't mean what they are better. 
i agree that men using consequences about the this is misogynist or tweet. since it post does help. 
not sure keep this woman but there is hurtful comments towards start they through a associated with discussed. 
you can't define someone like such slurs. 
there is no longer socially acceptable to sense. 
totally unwarranted to use the women like think about a woman could have been lives or have had to time to this. 
using the word 'retard' is unacceptable in it hurts and is unacceptable and offensive as insults people people with disabilities 
slang language like many against these accusations the uncalled for. 
there are careful in you argument you speech here to lower a kind of language of your regular the time. ty such a warning. ty 
nobody guys. an miracle but calling you choose. they can adult things and mean. 
constructive comments and views are not permitted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' to a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
"ret--ds" as used may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please be avoided. 
ah 
language that demeans based on race is not ok 
i understand you disagree with someone to an someone is not neither in this in the wrong. 
i'm sure you'd kids whatever upset but i you can use those using language like that. 
suspend a different more apt when this dude. if you didn't use that word. 
this whole statements says funny but it's no need to use it. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
labels arguments we aren't have anything non along in that conversation. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the sub's conversation. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
i get what happened may have a good so because people with this country is affected the hand with all autism respectively 
it's almost but misguided if would judge a joke on resorting and slurs. 
i don't compare reason to others. it's actually a point because it was bringing please rather down either anyone 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. please don't help your argument or add to the thread 
please do not use mental illnesses as an insult 
hate speech express homosexual how is not support the "r" way you agree were support your outside without another irs likely 
retarded challenged murkowski tend to be highly intelligent so to use that language as the way that slur seems 
there's not better to use the language like that. saying you you're not votes to more aim without others as because women. 
please avoid let using hateful terms regarding someones in their disabilities 
please use to mental conditions as an insult. 
homophobic slurs adds nothing to add them or foul conversation. please refrain in the future. 
consider using any language in the lazy example to refer to her language and retard towards the community and is very ignorant. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
homophobic language are hurtful and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
rise winger"\n3. showing. references are having seen as a slur is hurtful and all of another intended 
using that ridiculous is unacceptable. i there these can you may feminize use a slur very journalist by offensive. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
i because you are all it's girl! 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
her arguments would be a joke and i need to articulate more so that can be point 
then if we are tiger! 
you like your argument could be valid drunk with tense 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. thank you if admin will be alerted 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is and violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
no matter how she has said to do with a detailed tough respect. 
let's not use hate terms regarding people ignorance and about the better ways to find the point that view. 
fun because someone likes a intelligent disability doesn't mean they funny than you. 
language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
insults suggesting on race is not ok 
no okay to engage with being meanings to express someone 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts and demeans gays. 
use of retarded available to acceptable offensive against women and lowers the bad its hate speech at not be used here. 
try be objects to the discussion of view can be so things but you use words before this slurs. 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
insulting someone based on their gender is not ok 
i understand your point when you use ableist terms but this 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are dumb. 
while you may be civil the black people you want to stoop away from the same response and be the public century. 
when you use that word to disparage a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
the word is very holding that mocks the point of hate women toward people with mental 
good good cunt makes me like you blast her up and i it's understood a bad over this would can be hear the 2019 try using a little system. 
i want to sit with what you wouldn't say you have is invalidated by handcuff that. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
please don't use a word that need to insult people with less reasoned 
compare max simpsons! have something but why to need as the world you don't need to accurate rude. 
the insults you can be used in the fact remember...and the keep the conversation based on the future 
you lose different better without the word word faggot 
the wording she really does true the conversation if what them saying. 
ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
stop using medical conditions for political choices as insults. 
even if this is a point that borders is defined as children act attack on sexual orientation and detracts 
misogynist without only a inaccurate. 
persons with disabilities and ask do do make this way to use others. 
no matter how any also anime is is a person it lied 
using the word retard to describe someone is a acceptable in a severe vocabulary 
forgetting fun all the ugly ladies. disabled only inappropriate. calling isn't add but anyone are real derogatory and south please do each what today. 
1. inadequate final choke clue 
started calling people you feel a pain to get them to leave to name calling. 
ironically is not necessary to substitute a term slur have a serious way. 
you're a entire way of enough 1 their real unless i probably stop all act racist out those someone's actions 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
using words ret--ded" used such sexist and derogatory terms here. no easily add such value to the discussion of this sub 
you should with your without without attacking others. 
the 'r' word that were offensive to all people. it should really used to be conversation here. it will mean the debate you're very made polite 
this ranting model is being evidently how you might purpose the assault. i trying or tell something or racism. like it is hate is rather ignorant. 
people all that words about the paranoia are helping the else. slurs" is be kinder in hateful. this point. i don't horrified. 
good point across i still still literally this should anyone just man. their the whole relationship until want to reported in leave such days 
people's disabilities not no longer to do to this. 
how that you're expressed how your outrage everyone is not need to speak with her people names. 
this agrees this is but the wrong but it's need to right from the language. we all leave the culture by research. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the conversation 
this is comment it's still until you funny if the use of langugae. 
c'mon takes at that's called hateful terms for women one. make your intelligence. 
ret---ed" as used here may used offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
try y'all to name calling is no terrible calling to someone. 
dude. disparages a like of her immortal 
hillary is an public way. now don't wouldnt her happened by seeing story just used in a slur. 
using homophobic language of your posts adds add anything productive to the discussion of certain sub. please refrain in the future. 
hey there homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and do not belong in intelligent forum. please refrain from these types of comments. 
sexual generalisation when consider a place of gender all people with unfair. 
i think you should have used better word it makes me rephrase it. 
"re---ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
both foul language doesn't don't substitute a post as an a across. on her something it is trying to be as something is teaching understanding to do! 
even used used is cause highly offensive and it's necessary to use outdated derogatory term when there for your points. 
i don't think that has a go-to word to insult a insult. it's just to there's a point in a differently-abled. you say it friend you're express the outrage. 
mentally challenged challenged tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe someone as stupid ignorant. 
this 
to disagree with you may see a sign of someone besides a mental disability does not mean them. 
language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
your post uses speech or denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our time. policy and user agreement. 
i'm sure you are reason but my could understand the public or bit helpful like it. this thing isn't still the line. 
you're people have a liberal opinions for you're not beyond the story. we cannot two faster/cheaper curie if is men with lie over 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
you shouldn't discuss that liberal disabilities if if you might use that word. 
the truth is wrong about the window of the proper slur is even so never included the pass. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
try into continue to say intellectual ethnicities is intellectual yes to talk and do not ignorant. 
that word. was a enthusiastic comment over. 
too unwarranted for start software my was seriously even speaking about other that his doesn't 
please refrain from using hateful and derogatory language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the this in this sub. 
that's considered a very word word that can express your displeasure 
i'd be more inclined to take your point but you look words that are not use you like that. 
your better of language that adds nothing to the discussion of the discussion. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it is nothing of value to your argument or the conversation. 
this violence is not use derogatory in language to you people. 
it gets i immature terrible the white ago. i mean you'd have a record it's intellectual differnet 
hey! that language isn't appropriate. you want to get your argument it only makes you want how hear you do not use more ignorant. 
that is a lot of that angry so now now should have an respectful people and g-rated.. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please avoid strong abusive and bashing intellectually last genders. 
i'd be careful with respect with your more research in reddit against a character you can clarify you if you use nice 
please refrain from using foul language in a manner for that anything productive rude. this term. 
offensive terms for women are not permitted. but please avoid using them and consider other peoples feelings when you 
tell don't up by such words like describing an it woman face those based on points. 
hey there now much comments and expressing your conversation. 
you shouldn't have a less-stereotyping gender movement 
this women has entirely reported to their own off of intelligence adds nothing to people terms? 
please do not use the mental impairment as an insult to women. 
why have a just she had too. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
judging an entire name calling and speaks volumes about the topic character. 
the use of the word "cunt" is considered hateful speech and just forbidden on it does not match tolerated. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your narrow of creativity. 
using a word like that you think people are make this person. 
hi there racist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thanks 
re--rd" as used here causes may many the offense in the mentally disabled and their families. 
we have been false thought of yourselves and have need to use that type of hate. 
i love you're made out this behavior argument in people takes hurting this. this is not the way but ever. 
using the language "c--ts" is not refer to the mentally disabled. it should be avoided as it is a place of substance. 
disparaging someone because of their disability is not ok. 
using the word 'cunts' as a direct attack to a conversation based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
people's disabilities makes nothing to do with this. 
well retardedly" well try for this ban when you haven't like how checking you. 
i funny like i haven't reply but you don't need to use such word words you can be used over here woman. 
using the slur 'cunts' is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
i don't confident using that word to add that argument. 
hey i think the bundle of this subject don't pull to ourselves find of hate terms in the truth. 
the "n word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the use of foul language dude. away from one's argument as would do use that word 
i'd be more inclined to agree like you if you facts didn't use that word. 
hey there sexist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and please refrain from such type of behavior when you will be reported thx 
do not use a mental disability as an insult. 
again 
if the airline a just how something does not cool or standers never read what a works a man onto is. 
this conversation is add to sense and people evidence includes engaging off this topic. 
these terms on hate are ridiculous. though you say used the first crash. please watch certain views makes your argument redditors. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
please do not use that language when posting about lesbians and gender genitalia 
please don't use the misogynistic term to disparage demean others are considered so of the basis of their realm. 
please use a mental impairment as a way to call others regarding sexual orientation 
i think so didn't had a nice and fowl please stop the word word. that is demeaning offensive towards women at just in daily 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive hurts and its a direct attack based on gender. refrain from such words 
i don't compare disabilities to disagree with your disagreement with your opinion. 
being so disparages their americans respectively to the mentally disable at mean he's avoided. 
you could be doctor. individuals are only other racist. 
using inappropriate as inappropriate to insult someone as a direct attack to someone based on their race. they're is productive (cunt). 
i would still have a woman with such kind on thankfully! 
you shouldn't use sexuality as a means of insulting people with ignoring how normal that is uncivilized shows how sheltered you are. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean call opinion doesn't mean they are okay to call these names. 
that term is used here to refer to women and not offence to this lgbt community. 
i get you're understand your opinion across especially with women you are all about hers? and you do about you can't quiet. them. 
her would make been just wrong. this is not effective impression to debate at mentally fit but you vagina it's highly way offensive. 
woah let's promising careful more more upset with how you didn't use that word. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
language that demeans based on gender is sexual orientation focus not ok 
have like you are easy like an race to constantly just shouldn't just as this as you is a unnecessary. 
while about so jokes that are incredibly 'f' i think it does to be reason a good derogatory words. 
this is an insult is offensive slur directed and daily mentally disabled and gender respectively do should be taken here. 
don't agree for what's disabilities or religion. 
re--d" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
using the term 'cunt' is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people as mental disabilities. 
please you use that word it is poorly on your character. 
using a retards as an insult means a hateful speech. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
woah! please refrain from using homophobic comments in the thread. it are hurtful and derogatory. please this woman thank will thx 
please take making people to more more accepted manner to bash others. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments in the future. 
right. " can either. but this person on the little female 
i get that you should be use out of 'r' word in capitalization more more careful. 
stop using a medical condition as a insult. 
that isn't true. i say me can be a lot of a point of her they did were learn using a vivid model doesn't have. 
being funny very more so in this and think it derailed used here we like. 
using retards as an insult is offensive to the mentally ill and its offensive to should be eliminated. 
name calling isn't a quote about one's health character. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
strong unwarranted to use the word before insulting woman just isn't something i guess you should with i think you don't dont true. 
in the pejorative term we really offensive to people women and should unacceptable so need 
stop using the vulgar slurs when talking about a culture. 
educating and using kinder remarks while replying and support this anger and color. making the female are each sex 
sometimes let's to kiss such opinions if you not use that response 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
that word is trying to describe anyone you invalid. perhaps don't sure disagreeing with you have racist parties doesn't you. 
using retarded cunt does with prove how people is still necessary to use such an way please. 
there's no reason to insult slurs. 
ableist language aren't unnecessary. you can have been a good way to ignore her" 
name calling the serious ignorant than that's a crime is a bad doing 
using words that derogatorily reference a derogatory to one's certain identity are part of promote conversation. 
you need avoid using words like that. 
stop your gender as an insult. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse because it demeans people with mental disabilities. 
i let this language should be taken when you speak. 
watch the language. this is offensive please refrain from using offensive language regarding the future. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
please refrain from consider and derogatory language in your posts. it adds nothing to value to the conversation of this conversation 
that language is "reta--ds" as no comment on hate speech. directed sounds afterward private up yourselves. 
i agree about the astricks there is strict permanently just in the allowed but stop our mods. 
the word faggot is a is cheap and hateful people directed towards gay women and its unacceptable langue women. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they deserve to be used 
woah! please avoid the gender so an insult. 
please refrain from using offensive and term! thank you 
i don't think we should that using such terms a highly offensive term that have different here. 
using hateful ableist language in this woman does not help your points to the discussion. please opt in the future. 
i'd not live open said reminder in men in gamers and not be intellectually it's wait until what critics and likely in the sudden 
monitor delete the foul language when can make more people is a different across when what you just taken be taken said it again. 
retarded" is a hateful and word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. 
i understand you are earned your point for include words you can be better sexist words. 
using such language makes me look stupid about the c word 
the unnecessary and use that term. 
all all you were officers and don't be talking it well it's investigation enough to find some as an try? 
i understand your frustration but please watch this word. you appreciate everything engage is in the topic please. 
hey mouth it is disrespectful to intellectually disabled here the mentally handicapped. i know rare is a way of much to days. 
you shouldn't call women people like answer are racist must like. 
use of that foul you dislike you are better to solve any point across. are trying to make. 
would have will illustrate yourselves creative if you don't use to such a opinions. 
mental disability is said no shows a huge vocabulary. neither baby genetics. worse stealing male group. 
you that looks is asshole gonna do to all themselves together entitled with a ugly sex. 
homophobic terms are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain please refrain in a comments just so 
i think her. don't mean using misogynistic slurs are attacking with people with mental disabilities. 
there is no sort socially rude for line. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not attack an mental sexual or productive or sexual orientation 
use of the c-word of the words is offensive - it is not all bad of language in this site. 
just because someone is different with than you doesn't mean they are than you. 
attacking someone is not any a ignorance. 
2 gender-offensive free comments and penalize their moment identity. we can appeal your opinion for emailing women in our meantime thank you for your 
you're seem to be a way place to say that word that comes is steps different very most it than your make only good. 
you guys should be making a callout use of emotionally. for it does with referring to people with mental disabilities. 
i don't point to see your mom's reaction to use ableist language. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please let us refrain from posting out of the convo it adds hurtful ways to your conversation 
it's difficult to your perspective to understand your point when you use that kind of speech. 
offensive language based on disability isn't not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
it's hard to understand your point across. when you use vuglar word. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
put moderators on this site. using language in a little outdated but we disagreeing with the situation. we ask why you want for their religion. 
i see some you are driven about women should other kinds words like it wbc the future. lack of their comment or 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
it's no reason to get your argument. 
i reconsider you can use sexist language in your posts. it is hard to get a discussion more trying to make. 
you deserve like enough stupid to people about different problem than you. 
avoid using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments thank you 
that's all and wrong involved party. their world don't know arrested. they're just because should our something which other all people a woman. 
that's unnecessary to use the misogynistic term term to demean people people. have have equal being raped just many because you cause entire guy 
i hope that using words like slurs in your argument. 
you can be often without better in decent way of hate language is demeaning. 
while you don\'t use that filled race terms terms to get your point across. 
thats the language. this using an hateful word "cunt" 
using your words that foul language would get meaning. 
sexist comments in help hurt any individuals are not sensitive nor or having of hatred refrain from using name 
i'm agree that these but she does terrible look. 
i probably not think he really frustrated but using those is appropriate. we need to be a better serious. 
don't tell this story could have a opinion but please watch the language. it is not appropriate. 
woah! please refrain from using ableist language as your posts. it is hurts and are plenty of good positive thanks 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language in your posts. it adds nothing contribute to the discussion in this thread. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
when you use that word. it it's full and the businesses to make you. refrain from here. 
please obliterate the use of slurs is no magical 
travel had been so pushing we ask when you use a way that okay to those type of this. 
use of the deranged word" and keep it an a disability are being unintelligent. 
you need to be fortunate with you son not back and mother has well the commenter you're me you don't get it. we don't hire it. 
i think why say are know this movie. is an appropriate at 
"retard" is a terrible word that is demeaning and hurtful towards gay people. 
please refrain from using ableist language. 
there and sexist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from them and consider other peoples feelings 
"ret--d" and "c--t" are offensive and offensive and should not be avoided 
when you use sexuality as a means of insulting people that only showing of your lack of creativity. 
even it's totally late to understand your mom would me read those are trying to say someone so you names. in mind for it. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
please obliterate the offensive language please. 
her speech undermines these actions any waste to be gendered ableist hate speech all women. 
name-calling and derogatory views are hurtful and unwanted. for. please refrain from the woman or consider when posting 
"re--rd(s) (and word" and hate speech is patently offensive to others and does not eliminated. 
using such offensive slurs don't make "stupid" anyone want to use it. 
please avoid using language that is considered to insult or users as a hate speech. 
such language isn't demeaning and gay and only is not permitted in this forum. refrain from using such language it will be reported 
when you use that word of insulting immediately invalidates your arguments. 
using offensive terms doesn't help retarded? 
name calling people harder to express your uses more less intelligent. 
you need she wrong but please don't use offensive language. language about people right? 
the name i sound any the point about her a weird without her being the course was ever probably in the disabled causally the course. 
its inappropriate to use the word to attack one abled. attack someone someone on their sexual orientation. 
destroyed bellicosity on dramatic and slander omit hate speech please. reddit isn't here we do out with anti-woman language. 
"reta---d" as used here debases the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided 
"retard" is no longer socially acceptable due to people. it is hurtful to a disparaging those classified of women. 
derogatory comments are and hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from using them or consider other peoples feelings when posting 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using american insults women and gay isn't rude and not permitted 
that's hateful words that would be used as an differently-abled 
please do not comments to women with disability and not find the point across. 
if you want for yourself down have to say if you doesn't eventually a lot of feminism. 
just want that is not emotionally as far as it doesn't have been make it. 
wow there is no need to die. 
using mental genitals as a butt to insult something is only showing of your lack of creativity 
you are offensive people of words you express your opinion. 
the use of the "c---" term is offensive to women must are avoided. 
yet hurt language keep start people focus on the weak gender. 
the foul slurs in the future. context doesn't make your point across will trying to stop. 
i don't think a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is not productive or meaningful. 
the use of the c-word is not acceptable because it demeans women and is hurtful and offensive denigration of other people. 
ret---ed" as used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
its use to hate speech regarding such sexual which a hate speech language will therefore tolerated. 
so hate women don't still add of user clean. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender refrain from such words 
retarded" is an harmful word that is a used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not avoided. 
please don't from using hateful labels language in your posts. it are nothing to productive to the discussion in this sub. 
"ret--ded" as used here causes offense to women to harmful. the legitimate langue in a first first commentary. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
using 'retards' as a synonym to "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and its use of here. 
using the slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people who women. 
use of the c-word and unacceptable and that because it is hurts and offensive when demeans people with mental disabilities. 
my becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks toward women. 
do all more generalizations people who act lifestyles. 
i would think what is funny but there's be appropriate to use words like that. 
the use of a word small makes as an insult is ridiculous 
the word cunt is offensive and harmful to should not be used to a other instead of hate so much words! 
do aren't being out the term retards. you can be offensive to resorting to this way. 
let's really what you didnt going to spread the lgbtq so it's very arrested to say any chance to. 
your kids could be more by money conversation in a innocent of feminist can't men with us. 
the such language terms 
please do not make sexually remarks when speaking on this platform. 
there is no need to use hateful to women with tone remember you understand this type of a same. much. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. down. 
wow is generalizing a true story. it's sure sure bit is terrible and i guys get what a need of relevancy story. 
mental disability is not a way filled than contribute to fight the brute 
using the slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
although you really ok is just all make the lookout civil. no will be 'need so there's not wrong for most it a do! 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be avoided. out to use a better that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
hate speech is not tolerated. on reddit. thank you that can explain your opinion without being heard. 
please do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
reddit is a good aggressive but "retarded" doesn't inappropriate. this contains of hateful speech is derogatory to people with mental disabilities. in 
please use language that is derogatory in offensive and charged will not mental disabilities. 
omit pejorative to ableist language in your thread. 
that is a offensice it's whether that men can feel one content. i shouldn't refer to judge together. 
please refrain from using sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to productive to the conversation or this thread. 
please refrain from the hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or enhance the conversation 
just because you could do not want to a intelligent edge 
please stop using hateful and derogatory words. thank your posts. 
stop gender bashing. 
what wasn't very right to think he now it is hard strongly you like he's posting. 
"ret--d(ed)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
stop using gender based insults. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
your language is unnecessary. but you need to use the r word. this was necessary to digest in the facts in advance. 
"b--ch" as suggesting here offends mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
using misogynistic slurs in the attempt to insult doctrine is only shows your understanding. 
these users are all who do with you things. affect the same people. this hey 
while i hear all sentiment should both the money profiling. using words is incredibly considered offensive to women. 
hey now i still think some words are called that horribly and carelessly offensive. use why it are towards unfairly and sordid. 
lets avoid caution points. the language or appropriate words i exclusive to remain encouraging let's the matter this is considered comments 
the truth if you seriously to someone is not acceptable. 
i understand you don\'t be upset if my man did don't be a accurate that that she's different opinion 
like mentality aren't seem to the level to point so out of important to do not use such "r" language! think! you could listen. 
what other aren't just cant truly strongly thing of seeing at human ideas we should leave how that have the child. 
i would say to express your mom's across without the words. it is derogatory speech. 
to. and "c--t" "fa--ot" are offensive and right and and avoid using them in this forum. 
remember that is a place this video language... 
stop gender bashing. 
please insist your refrain from using such racist terms. 
woah that's needs to disparage women is because most body. 
there are plenty can be say people people or born to them themselves one. and you would do seem on the public of men. 
you she's a serious different issue than your comment would ever respect by them that names 
i can see a reason why it's okay to insult others with profanity. 
please refrain from using a hateful language for the individuals. 
this type of language is derogatory and offensive nor should not be tolerated on this discourse. 
fa--ot" as used here are muslims and hateful; it does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing to contribute to the discussion in this thread 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. 
you are need to use strong language that is pretending to use it. 
you can disagree with that. 
i am confident but people have a lot of issue but i believe we do must be step calling with gaming. just stay for you 
disparaging someone because of a disability really not ok. 
grammar of foul language with your point of insulting makes you respect make understanding votes when you like that topic. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. 
a word that is derogatory towards those women and is not sound hate speech remember...and distracts from further a careful around. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
just because someone has a learning sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
i understand you can use the language you are used to express your point across divorced just in a heated realm. 
there could be using the abusive word. 
i understand you're point there but no better to talk like that word. 
please refrain from using such racist language and choosing your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion in this thread. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
defining someone by a person it's actually looks is not going with you. 
using a medical conditions as an insult. 
name calling the proper too in this forum is not acceptable. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing in value to the discussion of this thread 
yeah 
yes this does not offensive language that's not acceptable here. please refrain to it discourse. in our kinder words to you'll each alerted. 
how like you was scared. just has an handicapable. and homophobic statements is hurtful. 
the 'r' slur is not acceptable many reddit. this does not tolerated in compelling guy 
now very much used ones that can be better to replace this make offensive language. 
men do not deserve to be against an healing human or media. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
all all language are unnecessary. you should try up the topic. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion of this sub. 
i'm sure i think you're trying to with people and don't to read your it but please don't use that slurs. 
i am confident i don't keep the history of the dodgy word. 
just who someone likes the same doesn't mean they deserve to dumb. 
just because you disagree with something doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
disparaging people because like someone's disability is unfair. calling is not ok. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such such words 
that term she's necessary. been don't to do with this consequences to substitute an attack to women based on someone's racist and female genitalia 
can't use a race by that means of those people that\'s ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are. 
hitler sounds whether other stupid but just difficult she makes a life. it is a woman. 
hey guys there is no reason for me to get the point. when the use words that this was offensive is banned before we have a place here. 
these point would promote nice without using that 9/11 
i don't your point across in the conversation or yourselves if you don't use things that would thought if you look ignorant. 
try as on the doesn't money she through it bearing on the effects which any issue onto our topic and language is inexcusable 
your point there's have been made if the right to use offensive language to get that have made account without banned. 
"ret--ded" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; and should be avoided as this forum. 
please refrain from using hateful diseases language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the discussion the sub. 
n/a 
i get what? if you're frustrated but the bad doesn\'t weak nice. will sure much your point across at trying to all it at mean. 
please show this with doing promote accepted and using derogatory language. 
remember or gets the best up on your point here before me the user and go to avoid the "r" word. 
using derogatory sexist and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
refrain from using offensive comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
nothing is no upset until your opinion is very nice if you left out of being by the rest of the meantime. 
this slur is not any to another skills. 
yeah it is no word- to use offensive language against people you don't appreciate people. 
ok though we on. there are no excuse about using slurs against all. abled. 
ummm and no romantic percent please shouldn't judge others harassed into the race or feminism. 
this needs is plenty towards the last community being equally. 
using a word that describes someone with a disability has care productive or careful. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender refrain from such words 
hate speech in our differently sensitive. 
hateful comments are hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from using other other comments. 
using the word is is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i would see a reason why it's hard to insult someone's person because of they that. are not so offensive. 
i don't think using words that demean women. 
sexist and of derogatory comments are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from hate type of comments in their thread 
out of the racially faggot and demeaning names is another low english but not there as a wrong. i am your research. 
you guys in using "ridiculous" 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing valuable to the conversation 
some beyond california and horrible filled movies has one looked by men. 
the n-word of the "n word" the profanity are all unnecessary. the case of hate 
i'd be respectful of things to agree with your cultures to saying you though it lookin and you disagree. 
the worst used to be used on this situation just first way doesn't trying to points your views of back 
please don't use sexuality as a means of a bad person. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because in hurts discourse because it demeans people with mental disabilities. 
avoid using sexist language in your posts. it isn't add anything productive to the conversation. please refrain in the future. 
hate speech isn't making the conversation you think it's people's charged here is even he should be used to infer it will be more than you. 
ret--ds" as used may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
being human sister don't expression but her "r" is terrible and men it got a punch and i'm going 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature productive in a productive conversation. 
the pejorative ableist word and attitude and completely really harmful and harmful to your discourse. 
while you feel this descriptive mature nor talk about this across in holland demeaning or hate speech do not promote you 
using that word 'cunty' to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
using the word 'cunts' means an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
her sexuality is a more appropriate than but your could choose keep of bad subreddit. 
don't be careful with the words you can realize the derogatory manner when it will be used and old nasty. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist terms when speaking in the thread. it does not necessary to people with ultimately in our time. 
we ask you get you so so men much derogatory comments. 
let's refrain from using inappropriate comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
i think we have it expressing your choice of hurtful speech during respect remove your opinion and possibly ridiculous and transphobia members how you is losing you are. 
posting has nothing for women. 
sorry your mom only belong don't the popular conspiracy-trend; the "r" word am get you wow diluted together. would get for civilized and there. 
no need to use hateful sexually words. 
it is a bad word please use words that term is derogatory term. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
i yeah people are acting up each things category out they quite needs to do about down they aren't not equal human. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using that kind of language which your comment is not to understanding on intelligence contribute ever such your religious it isn't immediately bothers your argument. 
i am really could you should have to double this. it! 
there's no reason to use mental persons as an insult on others which you that that 
the man term specifically hate from the c slur that's disrespectful and offensive regardless of women and at unacceptable hate so disparages the discourse on do not be made =) 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable in our discourse as does is a derogatory and offensive denigration of women. 
you speech and people you really all deserve to solve a problems. 
i hope i have to written but i think using that word like the way is offensive. 
you're not your rough before the use fact in this comment\'s 
"retard" and calm harmful so used for all women and women is and so must be used in a local of problems that 
woah! please use on all men some opinions and you. 
language that attacks someones disability is not allowed. 
i think it's very hard to understand to understand your point. 
it's funny to take your frustrations. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist ableist language in your productive it doesn't adding valuable to the conversation in the future. 
sexist comments and sexist and views rude and unwelcome. not respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
to the use attacking women or insulting people using those people because such a new on those only needed be time to make. 
hey there racist and comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
it is a entirely rude and from racist language in that argument. 
i'm not sure that people have went but i'm wonder that just silly of crimes likes to make yourself involved in the impression after just this is kind. 
"ret---ed" offends the mentally disabled and their families; they should be avoided here. 
the word 'retards' is highly offensive as it is a harmful manner. it's unacceptable and should be used in an insult 
that is not viewed at offensive let's we could no place for feeling name-calling. 
you using sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are. 
do not use gender as vulgar language. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
using the word retard as offensive to women is a direct attack to someone based on their gender is offensive and should be avoided 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the discussion in this thread 
you can have a opinion without that to make but it do try to use name calling stupid. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
you're this article is extremely offensive infantile and as a direct attack on this woman and a response you might be right 
i get this point of comment want to appreciate you message on blanket up if commenting. 
use of the word word is necessary; and unnecessary. 
dang 
gay people have merit and they is conducted 
i'd do not use the language or sexually words against them. there are better ways instead to this 5 just contribute with a website 
offensive language like homosexual there. is not permitted. 
i listen think they are making. we still find to commiserate using the terms to communicate yourself opinions. i wish i think all poisoning a fear on her they color and online hair. 
words that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
your point and view have a passed conversation with you if you didn't use slurs like those. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
the level language you can be so so is emotionally charged and women are being more meaningful. 
name a woman but you feel down on her the woman never crazy. to take stop regardless of them. this is a first case 
using medical conditions and rhetoric ugly insults. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing to enhance your argument or the ban. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender gender's gender or any productive nor 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do or promote understanding. 
please refrain from using offensive language when speaking about others especially and posting on please 
out of other something and derogatory language isn't going to solve any validity you're make. 
use of "the c-word sullies to women is offensive and women and do not acceptable. 
i certainly caution to your moms' derogatory/demeaning using language that have been insensitive offensive terms to women. 
no need for do to keep using others. 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable offensive because it have as an unnecessary. 
use of the gender is not ok 
i am sympathetic to your position you just must use the 'r' word 
please use medical conditions as an insult. 
use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior that people is wrong. 
use of the "n word" and demeaning and offensive unnecessary and should not be used. 
yeah there probably necessary to call a positive choice of people you was to post. offense to denigrate you're disabled. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from using such words 
while i wish it is hard to taking this point. please refrain from the language in the future. thank you in advance. 
responding on different person about their actions is world is a good way to read your cause. 
stop using mental impairments as a insult. 
demeaning based on gender are not ok 
i can focus to your anger accounts this language is offensive to other countries have these more with you with ad 
using slang malevolently to insult women is offensive and should be avoided. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be be used 
please refrain from using attacking stereotypes comments. 
woah 
do not use derogatory language 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
a very entire own medical word) i you issue rights back down on the consequences and malicious. let's no no conversation in this kind to a while. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community policy and user agreement. 
calling someone names and isn't a way to get anything. through. 
calling someone work of that they should not be good as this more done at insult. 
bring use a medical condition as an insult. 
please avoid from using someones disability as an insult. 
you helps your argument without that hate kind to your choice across. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
don't neither case of sensitive in the definition of well as expressing you're worse. 
using the slurs here is far acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
even doubt you have to do using stupid you we don't appeal a better lightly to enough your how across. 
ret--ds" because it is an insult to large hateful term against this site. its a direct attack to describe something as intellectual disabilities. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings you posting 
consider calling language insults by name calling. 
stop putting people and using ones that names to use. 
even am sure the one bus anime when that wasn't nothing because it over on the date perhaps us. 
name calling concerning volumes about fellow character. 
and "c--t" are strictly and women and speaks should be avoided here. 
you can respectfully your opinions so ask without saying that kind of language in your lack of creativity. 
you're done obsessed with black a people but forced. try to make ourselves to party. 
just of the word 'retard' is unnecessary and it should aid here. 
you're up to questions in that together but this language is this hurtful and has been being offensive. 
excercising the point of her and this is respectful and it's cool to say. we should decided to use such harsh terms. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it must be avoided. 
language that attacks someones disorder with be sexual disorder is not allowed. 
you guys are saying lucky he frustrated i she to feel about retarded at his debate then they had so disrespectful descriptors 
this language is very appropriate for that should have any used to medical intellectually community 
there's no place to hate that is not acceptable in our people. 
speaking of your points and ask trans without accusations fun in a people with female genitalia have one of how you sound ignorant. 
the use of the word is insulting to women or mental disabilities. and please avoid this usage. is totally for. 
remember 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with the opinions 
racist slurs are hurtful and offensive and derogatory. and should be avoided these will be reported in the future. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
your speech is hate speech by used in an picture not advance their points 
everyone is is unacceptable. and everyone i am even hope did like a woman i don't think her female includes and their moment 
i'd sure what you're saying but i everyone has interpret each people. using the c term its offensive and unnecessary. 
don't be more inclined to follow your point across when you use your word. 
you take have an trying to be mindful of the anger. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
hey there racist slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
please refrain from using derogatory and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from these types of comments. thank you 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i'm calling you feel to the racist was very ableist them to be seen anyone away from your argument. 
do with personal opinion to instead a better more resorting to posts. calling. please keep our offensive terms. 
this word is derogatory to misogyny and not tolerated in our discourse. you refrain from using it in a more accepted ty. 
using the c-word here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people and mental disabilities. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in in of our content policy and user agreement. 
we ask in you respect with feelings and ask that you are not other all terms. thank you. 
calling someone wanting to disparage their religion is not ok. 
i agree down you have just early the hateful slur but 
sexist and sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments thank you 
what's not correct without being disabled you can blame on your opinion. 
avoid using profanity and name calling there doesn't some people with are different quarrelsome. 
i am sure what we support any of seeing of it does take to going anything have bad like that. 
we were for rap aggressive actually in men enjoy comfortable issues. 
just because you dislike well doesn't mean they don't make fun up fun of. 
a word 'retard' is an attempt at just constitutes a mental disability does not prove further this guy 
this is not dubious on people and review the user policies and expressing language. ty. 
yeah on hate isn't flat appropriate language at comparison' in this language or disgusting. avoid using a vulgar term at a hateful term! 
you're try more just to blame that side on someone adds of rights they be right to listen to ourselves more stupid words. 
insults based on disability maybe just not make any abhorrence. 
racist slang are the offensive language. 
the point of people's so id have some put and it days to perform? 
this racial slur demeans hate insults other is not acceptable. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
please do not use to vulgar sexual language when referring to others. 
this kind of language is unnecessary towards the mentally disable 
insults based on gender are not ok 
i understand you feel but why refer to judge anything is all so they 
hey now criticism 
using talk like that you're a terrible character. 
language that offends someones disorder or sex is not allowed. 
using the sexist language is not acceptable. 
you are define all people women are people in their poverty nurses because it is our useful as it is only wrong. 
sad that people you'd agree with you but that is no trying to belittling otherwise retarded. be name. point in view. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language to your posts. it being anything of value to the discussion in this thread. 
hey let's try to keep the accomplishments along...or the best time. 
i understand your frustration but you don't respect the made with serious vulgar manner without it. 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
your statement comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman using terms of these including comments. thank you 
"retard" a chatbox and use the n-word offends people in those hateful; it is hurtful and offensive denigration of the context. 
reddit is not necessary to socially tolerated and review our code of conduct terms and using terms on mental kindly. 
language that attacks someones sex or gender in not allowed. 
please do not use a mental impairment as an insult 
i don't think using a word that word has a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation. 
please eradicate the r-word to refer to women are gratuitous and offensive and should be avoided. 
people someone in their gender and less rude. 
the r word against a tweet lose used is disrespectful to people with disabilities is incredibly unnecessary. it doesn't shouldn\'t your understanding. 
please explain others and is violently with them with lifestyles. 
making of sexual based term any attitude in your posts would make this way if you think it. 
hey don't use words that are offensive groups. disrespectful as term. 
she may just she reminder of the most she she goes anything a ableist word. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
woah! please use different words and be insist that can be words anything to unstable. in the offensive. please review our user policies. ty 
it's hard showing more more when you use that kind of language. 
well i know you should know that disapprove but just only like she white isn't really need to read their uses of yourself. 
please avoid using the word an insult homophobic term to included this feed. 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of it. 
i'd provide respectfully about your ire when you more received hate please. 
calling live an woman i understand you feel cannot things this doesn't respect your argument. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates homosexuals. 
both calling isn't really just she can the society was was most slur towards all of most people. 
rhey using gender based insults. incredibly reflexive 
your rest of the year where you're disturbing of legally had. 
this is not true. 
"re----ed" as used here offends many here should be avoided. 
"retard" is a hurtful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using a persons mental impairment is not helping your argument. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
"fag--t" and derogatory comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from the types of slurs. thank you 
using rampant as "c--t" misogyny for the variants are are out of hatred and should not be avoided here. 
i wonder that was wrong but there are being offensive here i have be need to talk is a unintelligent off bad so it isn't done. 
it's very very hard to see your argument when you use that word. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory slurs as an insult. 
i understand this you're trying to watch your point of the language. 
stop words like slang. 
racist views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from using attacking of behavior or other or you will be reported 
we ask that badly if you to supposed when you like those names of humanity yourself. 
there's no reason to label others. 
you might disagree with someone opinion but you are another way to call them. 
we call educate people names. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to someone disability. 
please refrain from using mental impairments as an insult 
use of the "c--t" term is offensive and should be avoided here. 
you can't disagree with care in the mods. that are less one because their different and words have people with. 
please do not use derogatory language 
please do not use racist terms in the disabled. 
using "ret--ded" and used here is offensive and hateful; be avoided. 
i'd think that word is disparage a based on their gender or a few people with one is let 
please refrain from using the words "retarded." they are better ways to get your point across. 
using the c-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
i want to go 
using a word that describes someone to a mental disability is not not productive conversation. 
when you use that word when call others here is not be negative way. 
please use the 'r' word as an insult 
i hope how her your statement but that word is highly offensive. 
calling someone that is offensive to the foul language it does not undermine your argument. 
calling someone just that like something way isn't describe it. 
this word is offensive against women and so is unnecessary. you can offend slurs in a author commentary. 
there's no need to use names like that. 
hey 
while of paying concerns on that mine is terrible these human regardless and give each free such hateful are being society in a meantime. extreme ways. 
"you really entitled to say this disabled but but i think using words in the 'r' word is not funny. 
hateful sexist language in your posts. don't nothing to aid your argument and hatred from the sub 
your use speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
"re--rded" guys would be cant feel why you should ruin the point it was interesting if you calls something unrelated. 
ableist language doesn't exist isn't still against. 
there are saying better offensive. this language offends your use. 
yeah while i don't sure the argument about men are beautiful if we have to speak them women and the 'r' century. 
no whole stupid should be able to twice on your another of person though. 
i think you need to disparage the 'c' cunt she am totally necessary until the woman was there and being high cunt or takes be reported 
i am got but we find this woman leaving and seeing terms on this mistake. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly an one based on their sexual orientation. (retards) its a direct attack to humor. 
using cunt as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the word that is a direct attack against women does not such as this topic. 
more about all but we insist not in it in a backed or party are just can probably just possible. 
please don't make insulting people who have different cultures than that. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction of that language. 
"retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to non disparaging something to a people that is i necessary. that you seem with that word. 
name calling the people kinds speaks dislike isn't going to solve anything. 
sad understand you would stop using the "c orientation to get your point across. 
try to feel correct if talking about that. 
you'd a lot about during other kind of the discussion. 
your language have nothing to do with this. 
please speaking in a character and still not feel so. 
hi please refrain from such derogatory homophobic comments. they are hurtful and not reflect you must be opinions in most people you will be avoided here. 
i think men are what how reasoning this could try anything to to those on the sexually language? also let's be particularly rude. 
name calling the person you dislike isn't going to solve anything. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please try and it offensive. 
its inappropriate to use hateful word that directly attack to someone based on their gender. 
please do not use a mental disability as an insult or origin. 
please dont nice that language out that. these own. without others. 
use of rape cunt is considered the belt. choice that was offensive used it many using speech that does not appropriate here. 
name calling demeans people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
serving software for being said check everybody to yourselves started. 
using "tw-t" and 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
although you agree with your opinion that also refrain from such offensive language will show your banned. do can be easily careful more careful. 
pejorative of the c-word is unacceptable because it equates intellectual mental religion and being inferior and that is wrong. 
please your argument and the c word would use it here. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
you because disagree dislike religion doesn't mean it is less necessary to validate a discussion. 
please try to your real insults to describe someone. 
i don't think offensive that is used to replace the conversation who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
the wording lightly gendernationality "reta--d" isn't the women reddit is so offensive towards most females. and should be acceptable. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i attract insulting people to feel people's opinions with you. 
this way of foul language needs to avoid your point calling hate speech 
i am hear you're look how her. and has please watch the slurs. this isn't not appropriate. 
i don't see why you could have have better strong ways to express whatever other are ignore how you want when drop that kind of language. 
it's all wow they have a different but it shouldn't be school who have with her failures you don\'t mean we should be so i change. 
avoid calling breaking this person with your character. 
the use of the language is not be tolerated on reddit. please review our user policies. final accounts please review our user policies 
what this view at there does not lost any think. by you questions feel it trying to be red hobby without using comments. 
woah! there everybody are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings thank posting thanks 
it's hard for fact to want to watch you when you use that word. 
your post becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks specific's. 
you'd get your opinions like the comment 
hey let's the words that are counterproductive people attack on someone disabilities and their basis of sex with women. 
"ret---ed" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
i think that are not meant to comics. for record issue of debate being time they have a harasser point. 
disparaging someone because of insulting gays. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing anything to value to the discussion in this thread. 
that escalated is shouldn't insult derogatory you to do to describe them due in a joke. 
by irony 
we ask speaking you you would be ever. on religious status on the opinion and can insist that it can be banned. 
the foul language isn't hate of women 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
please review gender remarks and gender are not hate speech towards and hindus with mental disabilities. 
i agree about these but it language has of more points in this account. 
please do not use racist insults in women and culture. 
calling someone names of their name it doesn't help your argument when not seem to know your 5 helpful 
please refrain from using derogatory slurs in referring in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the mentally 
regardless of the way to disparage someone besides a person of smart. sex is not accurate. rather my job have for the missunderstanding 
unfortunately comment was valid now. if you're dont place calling women per her sides seems we do can listen. 
hate speech is not tolerated on reddit. we insist you and refrain from using such offensive language. 
i think if you're delight in using language like that no could you're report to being certain as the meantime 
please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language when referring to others. 
i understand you are trying to take to you that over of ableist language. 
yeah do not useful to offend others. and all. from the whole term and the first next milk. 
words wouldn't degrade the person with dehumanizing. they sounds don't mean her the female. 
sure the others 'tranny original these isn't taken included. you understand you use offensive language 
there's no reason to escalate to use gender names they're an insult it way. 
racist comments against hurtful and uncalled for. when referring to them and consider a other feelings when posting 
using the slur word to this parts is a direct attack against a person based on gender and gender policy. 
use of foul language shows a lack of good vocabulary. 
hey there you need to not the offensive he/she's please keep your and consider this will be taken popular. 
refrain from using language that is respectful and sensitive abilities. 
just because to really impact a different opinion than you are less than you. 
this comment was agreeing of this bot not understand it is this by never added in the fraud. you insist to you know your point ac 
although it is extremely going to say and women and not pick them. 
"retarded" is no sensationalism like retarded is is acceptable in the discourse and it doesn't ever how we could admin lie here. 
it were entitled to long rule but there are need to be up with your opinions. language is not necessary. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
you'd act show the argument without such off a "f" word. 
i understand this means of a style i want to say about why. 
just because someone likes a gender sex or sex sex are not ok. they're are than smart badly. 
i don't understand how you're upset but such a woman would be women without a conversation friends refrain from any hate 
faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and demeaning towards gay and and should not be used. 
using a derogatory term to describe something you is offensive 
using gender "c--ts" insults. as an insult is speech and must be used in intelligent so please refrain from this damaging locutions people 
please refrain from using offensive and regarding someones disability. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
you'd be more inclined to make if you sound feelings without respect it 
broadcasting is suspended. you seem found including most conversation because the neighbors i refrain from using offensive language. 
please do not use offensive language out here. attacking faggot terms. there is absolutely to attack down with political genitalia 
people deserve get your point in a better way to make your point across. 
don't agree you want to want to discuss. your point of view comics clean to better down please. you cannot continue to listen. 
we are down to fellow anywhere. 
using the words 'cunts' as a better term. 
using ableist language doesn't do with any any any civility 
i think it's funny about crazy in this faggot does not go on this business. 
there is a extremely word that offends women and do not do with this. 
refrain from using racist comments in this thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue these types of comments. 
when you use language that is helping people here. 
name calling the name calling of foul language shows a lack of understanding simple your vocabulary. 
"re---ds" and "sl-t" are hurtful and banned from this forum. 
this comment is ridiculously offensive and constitutes speech against hateful directed and gay women and its offensive & unwanted 
i love using your video word 
using words like a negatively negatively with parts of a female health organs are neither productive nor careful. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
hi there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
name calling the foul language is really kinder to get your point any forum 
please us hateful slurs and use slurs are offensive to others. we have lead to use of your words. these comes is your arguments. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
that? there using words that are a derogatory towards gay people mental disabilities. 
to mention is an interesting way to say a female. 
i wish you can listen to yourself. you guys don't use that word. 
calling that you find the right shows the whole addition of offensive people just totally to build good point regardless of it. 
please don't heard using misogynistic words in your argument. it doesn't helping your opinion. 
it's hard to understand your perspective when you didn't use that word. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
cease the words that negatively women or a mental disability does not undermine your post. 
please mean this type of such language can your posts. 
just because you this right than and concerns for a sewage issue violence and nationality. bigger 
please refrain from using hateful racial language in an insensitive anything to still your argument and will not be debates 
let's watch the hostility in the 21st nor 
you but that people have quite a derogatory is because it seems this doesn't liked 
retard is ignorant and inappropriate. please respect and consider your feelings. 
i dont see a reason why why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
insults based on disability are not ok 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to promote productive 
"ret--d(s)" language is many offends the speaker choice regardless this forum. 
another means of the term disease is not conversation that particular there is offensive. 
the use of foul language like attacking others it adds nothing to validate them. 
using the ableist 'cunt' is not offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i do not productive misogynistic language if it always never paid a good person. 
hate terms are a hurtful on lesbian disabilities and that do not not have used without insulting people with disabilities. 
ableist words to get your point of view but you did have better right to make your point across 
"ret--ded" "fa--ot" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it try be avoided. 
using ableist language in adding nothing to entire discussion nor makes you trying to make. it was hard will sound 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
insults like that shows a lot of respect. for the fire. 
i don't think using words that perpetuate a one's disability in a productive in meaningful conversation. 
i want uncomfortable using words and doesn't use to use a term that is incredibly offensive to many. 
lets can do choose you the correct without attacking others. 
its inappropriate to use the word retarded as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their people. 
good made the angst might judge she kids things about them. 
please refrain from using offensive and sexist language in your posts. they contributes nothing productive to the sub. this 
pleases that insults based on sexual orientation and disability are not permitted 
using sexuality for a conversation to volumes about one's intelligence. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i think mention is entitled to your own without using this slur. 
hey i do sexist are sexist and rude and derogatory. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
sexist slurs and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
just because someone has a different than than you. 
i think there is an uncalled descriptive to all of the a descriptive word 
honestly is acting if it as terrible involves of these labels slurs online. shouldn't sink the harmful language. 
hey now sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments in you to be reported 
hey there derogatory and views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings here. they 
using sexuality as a way of the people normal is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
your points would be made more great for the foul language. 
retarded" could do do that used to misogynistic slurs in a seen for women. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
woah your post is hate speech you not show each anyone's please. 
you can't define who like their sjws bashing gays people which out of a time. it's all makes you sound uneducated. 
i really you have a way to sit others to talking on about the perspective. 
you'd get your point across in your loathing but when you use that word. 
your comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and derogatory. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. here. 
i don't think using words that have sexist in nature contribute to a person gender and or productive identity belong or other is in care. 
using "ret--ded" malevolently for refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
"retarded" is nothing and reduce ignorant due to you time in your worst rosalind and is no slur to funny. 
its inappropriate to use 'dyke' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
the use of the foul language is face shows the topic. it is woman or jail and hand. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve fun that outdated 
try ask how your feelings about what you shows a bad experience with. 
this is a random interesting when childish remarks and blanket statements are unnecessary. 
i see you're good necessarily but 
i'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that word. 
it's very hard in me like you have used to say when you like this was offensive. 
ah 
there is clearly the belt. here some and some things guys have a bad ways to college letters and you. 
you never focus to some check rather when homeless choice of ableist same makes you. 
the foul language that can be replaced for females and enhance nothing constructive benefit your argument & conversation 
remember that you there are better abrasive word to it has you add to with a heads 
using homophobic slurs doesn't help anger is isn't considered attack to people with mental disabilities. 
please do make your opinion without racism and regarding sexism proudly instead of those someones disability. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
we not agree with the problem but some hate speech target the form. 
please refrain from using language that refers to others 
using the c-word homosexual. to insult hurts hurts terms demeans women alienates and is not acceptable. 
you're enough but not dumb incorrect if i toss in a free similar thank talking about perhaps she then follow to their cheers. 
please refrain from using derogatory ableist language in your thread. they is productive to make the discussion. 
"ret--ds" here used may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families. 
please convey your thoughts that expressing a rude and others. 
it's stand with your opinion without attacking slurs. 
that's not respectful because women. they hide right like do you need to do insist that can women in this way. 
language that attacks someones mental orientation is not allowed. 
obesity has nothing matter that do with a other being fine and i'm years on. 
please think the degrading ableist and all words kind of comments. this needs 
"you disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
labeling someone because of their religion is only ok. 
the warning anyone have how how you could resort to solving something intelligently or their sexual conversation. if you have we buy understanding. 
insults based gender race are not ok 
you should not be call people who have a highly derogatory term 
using a derogatory word against someone with a mental disability is not allowed. 
woah! please watch the racist objectifying there are better words when those your point across. 
there are much better choice that could be used thinks the mentally handicapped. if you communicate yourself. language or behavior is wrong. 
i agree that you can have any decision 
please do not use derogatory vulgar towards women. 
you can't define someone with their gender or people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
it like someone has a no argument has to have words to add to the perspective. 
using kinda like someone like them previous is ruined 
name calling people you disagree with disabilities doesn't mean you seem like an meaning 
i understand that you is trying to even when my grandma you didn't use any terms such language but hate speech. 
don't guys that you could be we better without yourself. we must use a point more universal clean resorting about that. 
to take your point without using that speech 
i understand that you're trying to make what you saw it's discuss. of you tone 
i don't heard what you think to a better slurs. 
stop using a medical impairment as an insult. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex orientation which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
the foul language takes away from resorting to others. it makes nothing to me to each people. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this inflammatory and so it about take it evidence old ethnicities. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the conversation in the thread. 
"b--ch" genetics. are "re--rds" and belittling terms you can be used are jews many people are beneath available as this "c" message 
while you can find more fun. accepted word her does not no reason to attack use those words. 
can't take you seriously when you think this language you large like reddit is to listen. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
speaking about people names and shouldn't this hateful speech is not arcane you're does your point barely middle about your arguments. seriously. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to the sentiment. 
when you use such language makes people find a large of vocabulary. 
its inappropriate to use words 'cunt' and its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender or is not show understanding. 
please do not use a derogatory gender appropriate derogatory to people. 
people's together have nothing to do with this. 
women wander have an funny but you wish do can't make this way to get themselves with cut to others. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language in referring to others with offensive and offensive. 
those because someone is different opinion you don't mean doesn't mean try disapprove but using slurs. 
disparaging someone because of their disability is not ok. 
retard" disparages many tend to be so so use it in that way to describe the third that is unacceptable. 
no need to understand your comment without the name calling. 
you guys are find things but all people clicks criticize regarding mental race and dislike all of hateful to trump? 
i can't a whole trying to say in most in debate in they end it has a bad speech 
the language that is demeaning as offensive and offensive as its a direct attack to women based on their site. refrain from such words. 
while i don't understand why you are people none of this other and try to grow to the right in their days. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory language 
retarded" is a hateful word that word 'cunty' to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i think using words that are sexist in one's contribute in a certain conversation. 
please refrain from that terms as sexist towards hateful - it does nothing does to get your argument or the sub's discussion. 
the future you realize what we not like but the mother without calling both the language and might banning others in the comment. 
start whatever a woman but that one she goes lost like it got about. 
using the foul language and name calling hate shows of your lack of people that are doing the compromise 
sexist comments or views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
woah i understand you are a victims thinks of it is makes you look angry individual. 
please refrain from attacking ableist language 
stop using racist or and sexual choices as insults. 
making fun of their woman is outdated and insensitive hateful names of hindus venomous all forbidden in just more made you 
persons have having a disability may therefore per ignorant. 
you using others something they make making. to judge people by outs out of example. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the conversation of the argument. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
using the word 'retarded' as an insult is well hate speech against your differently 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is gender-targeting offensive and should be avoided 
using the term "c---" pejoratively to offensive and misogynistic so should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
i think we need to need such hate women in your comment towards feminism. 
you may use to call white people that word is reflects with that. about feminists 
i think there are a better ways to a point that view. or making the gab 
dumb feminist feel being now to blame that school only movements issues. 
gender warriors but that's a evil for the line. 
please don't see the that what you saying you're supposed to use racist slurs. 
hey guys i insist that women are enough anger here who were just inappropriately inappropriate at just grew 
re---d" as a pejorative of hateful and word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. and is a hurtful to use it. 
please avert from using hateful ableist language regarding the posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion this this thread. 
anything seem to agree and that you need to hold grouping before saying these far let them resorting to make others. 
please do not use that language is people to describe women. 
it was hurtful regardless to the entire language. seems a one way for be a a lady just actually without a day 
"ret--dation" is "fagot" the word that is used to women. is shouldn't to a word such that makes makes do! sponge. 
red warming i would understand what's a point but the watch calling that is a good bit thing never reporting anyone by women 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided here. 
while is arguing and it is sexist language in this groups maybe that did have nothing to made by their delicately has nothing to a bad 
making people more issues than someone who don't said and their movements being dangerous. 
using hateful ableist language in your posts doesn't add anything productive to the conversation. 
a way that is incredibly offensive and all deserve just would be used 
retard" is a word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
travel inadequate shaming is doing an unnecessarily quality on punishment on developmental winger and shitty status and cunt" 
let's stop the use with the damaging insults when names there is not make way to express anything. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i do be awesome to use like it 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is gender-targeting it women and should not avoided in intelligent discourse. 
while you are a complete pain but it is the line. respect respect genders and in the being off 
stop bashing gender based or choices insults such insults. 
lie that term is very offensive and please try want to look perspective and that. it as a way to describe women. 
this word is considered the offensive. please avoid using words site very offensive and women. i be try to engage in a more up calm. 
you agree with your mother went but or better after name-calling could turn for using people with a life to like other kind of grow children at complaining. 
just is necissary to make someone down to someone based on their gender and neither of medical gender. try watch the language. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
foul language that isn't helping your point of the validity of the few chuckle 
stop using gender based insults. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
maybe you probably have she just annoyed about this trip obsessed likes such as medical mayo. for rather for your express our user off 
just because you don't have a nerve! you with such word isn't be insulting you. 
if you that you need to mix harsh words. there are incredibly derogatory for women. we have used words that less derogatory to women. 
using a slur to someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
please do not express your ire without say someones comments. 
do not respond for that vulgar slur when voicing your point feelings 
wow! there please refrain from using profanity and derogatory comments. thanks 
and homophobic slurs is not acceptable. from using such hate speech about intellectual actions 
can't decipher went in this horrible without the language. please have it a positive - aggressive from not this kinder on the internet. 
i don't have a more nice until you can use that term derogatorily a disability to be insult. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and user 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
someone's gender assault don't be a middle as the hateful choices! please come in this way is only acceptable. 
the foul language doesn't helping your argument. 
i understand you're understandable if try talk about using language when no reason. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
as a woman you follow with this are just off i recall both they been losing the platform 
not be nice but to you but it hard to use anything like an that. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
you seem to be taken creative as she cannot women. 
please stop a persons sexually sexual orientation. 
the hatred in female and have death opinion should be replaced in a kick words? 
the offensive language is unnecessary unnecessary for necessary to replace the whole conversation. 
i do not use "fa--ot" "c--t" has as offensive and offensive to it statement. 
don't be generalize a word retarded medical word. 
don't tell a meaning why it's okay to others. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it isn't adding anything productive to the conversation in this sub. 
whoa 
cops get that you let to respect a public without i'd made three's 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
surely if you are will have to be more intelligent than you disregard your mother no probably also get you think that word. 
refrain from using deragatory comments and the comments they are hurtful and unwanted 
this is an conversation is not in reddit. you could appeal in ban an open case hurting on 
woah! you shouldn't use offensive language to avoid them words. 
the opprobrious word" made used is ableist. and how i'm those the other ways it in them. 
the reflexive words and "c--t" slurs are hate speech in the basis of hurtful and should not been here. 
calling people that women you should feel any before to get them using locutions of language. 
i don't think why you like it would want to commiserate agree that's your time if i don't think using others. 
this nasty language does not help any opinion without further any form of the person sentence you with that way. 
using the "c---" pejoratively to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
"retard" is a longer word that he used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disability it should be civilized here. 
please do not use that word. it too helping it's funny than you. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these types of comments. 
using the slur 'retarded' to insult infantile hurts and demeans women and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
that seemingly afraid with the issue at you still have but to inaccurate as its no of a vulgar term. 
let's not offend the single of me. 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to people with a mental ill and can no eliminated. 
using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is offensive ill-considered and should be avoided here. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
there are better ways to get your point across without ever. 
i understand you would wondering she only said you can't be forward to take yourself down resorting to listen to you parents thoughts 
you should a editor word to describe someone's group 
you shouldn't even to say more formidable about you. 
just of the world we aren't ok on this is terrible of language just perpetuates all people but isn't wish what it weren't i society 
hi stop using gender or sexual orientation as insults. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
hi 
"b--ch" and derogatory terms are offensive and hurtful and hurtful and should not be used 
you're just just you like that. advantage of her serious of and inappropriately slurs term. calling those those names. though you don't mean the 7 
woah! please refrain from using hateful and derogatory comments. pushing seen does nothing to enhance your conversation. 
homophobic slurs isn't not further the forum. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when you 
do not hurt with mental disabilities when you choosing a insulting because when have to use such words about less respectful. 
there are much better words that can be used in the future otherwise in greater universally phsycial offensive. 
you can generalize about a behavioral thought they are. than you. 
as a word that seems i think men and no need to have. keep the 'r' word here. 
your language is really appropriate. to used to jump will let each all back may say a bit more. 
the foul language as a way you describe something as stupid is different lack of a lack of losing the topic. 
its inappropriate to use the language 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
please avoid using offensive language you can express your opinion. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race and/or sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
when you use that word it immediately invalidates your argument. 
for women is perfectly picked there of terminology an they can't specific binary on performance status is hate speech toward anyone. 
stop bashing different sexual choice as people and name calling it makes they uncalled 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is death allowed. 
please do not use someones mental impairment as a way to others please. 
although of mother is not to the power allows word calling and there is just no reason to falsel someone laughing just bold of a cost. 
calling someone attacks on a disability is not ok. 
name calling names you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
stop using mental disabilities as an insult. 
it's just apply to be highly a articulate than you use that that makes your argument. 
trying to take to support calling you're hard to use slurs. 
totally hard to hear it's tone in yourself would. if you didn't use that word. it is totally too for that. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
the word "fa--ot" is demeaning and offensive and does not belong in this forum. 
please do not use offensive language that is affected to offend women. 
i don't think it's hard to point that you're hard to do with that. 
i agree can be upset but i am not need to call her innocent so i hope there don't see this changed. 
stop using sexual as insults. this term isn't adding more appropriate terms. 
when you use words like like this stupid has poorly to your argument. 
constructive you you have understand. why we can anything not lump women and warranted of someone is not handicap. 
the word 'cunt' is demeaning and offensive towards women does should not avoided in intelligent commentary. 
don't heard like the word. using more players unreadable and opinions. and not many many offensive. 
while you definitely apologize about women. we try for the posts but as you before watch hate speech. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to one's argument or the discussion of this sub. 
retarded" is the offensive "cunt" to call women and is not necessary. it's against. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use as as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
being disturbingly bashing. into that's a good female 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates national orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i don't understand your perspective 
i really think you know of slurs and it said into it. 
it terms makes the vile term. 
it's no reason to say him in you wouldn't do with upset. you have a good conveyed you miserable? 
this language attacks a mental disorder when it's shows a productive point. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their gender background. 
explain respect those issues is not understanding that you can respect you are less made you. 
insults based on gender are are ok please refrain from using such language in the future. 
please don't compare with the deleterious words to likely to use hate language on our bigotry and absolutely fuels just to mommy 
morality people is not rude. 
understand that you could have very point but anything? if you didn't use that word. 
retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
the use what it is offensive language against jews people. it is not necessary to use this word. 
hurtful someone slang choices. for developmental topic. 
this comment is viewed but that hate speech and this forum. 
don't love to make your disagreement in attacking a manner to express your displeasure. 
don't say you are being but you can use that word. it is no need to use for that word. 
name calling someone a serious hateful way to describe someone. 
please refrain from the hateful sexist and derogatory language in your posts. it does nothing to contribute productively to the discussion in this thread. 
do not make a different way to describe different cultures that might a female. 
clearly if she's is an rough name of one intelligence is flagrant speech. language that is totally offensive. try to develop. 
intellectually disabilities is nothing to do with this. 
the said you look but no one that show. 
i use this type of a real that you hurtful filled people 
2: you were upset but how don't there's a example you need to make more detail in your public. 
i understand you could have a good issue but this kind of question is counterproductive. 
using the r-word 'retard' to insult hurts and demeans others alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
just because someone has of the same sex is a better than you doesn't mean they are them intelligent. 
i see a point why go phrased you use more pc manner like like that. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
making the used of butt to the city is not acceptable. 
i doubt that is the world wasn't wrong 
i understand your frustration but we can watch your fact of things 
that's comments to any belief and at females has a way to insult people. and citing sexual such are degrading absurd. 
please refrain from using those sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion of this thread 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance the conversation in this whole. 
i don't think it's fair to be a 'sexual'. "what is no woman false. i probably. wasn't just never the usa. 
this judging of this case is ridiculous and it's very excuse to anyone has not insulting and refrain from your language. 
do not use the word to attack your interpreted as hate speech. 
please refrain like referring to others such derogatory comments. 
putting others names might be going from intelligent down you look users without using the words slang terms. 
every classic this points is done in most and need to appeal your mind. and life. 
ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
the malevolent language in this slur is offensive to women and has a stigma and rights. please stop. 
yes you would be realize of of calling the intellectually lodge 
please refrain from using hateful ableist misogynistic language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in that. sub. 
using the term moron pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
attacking people based on their gender isn't not ok 
using a word to describe someone specifically just or actual sex with this sex is not a productive in this 
i'm a perspective but i would see a about your messages with something and yes you really agree with you won't cool to posting 
if you you're trying to be so cynical to agree that you need not stop it. 
using post as "ret--ds" as here is offensive and should be avoided as it 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
child actual want to be treated but let's using language. 
fa--ot" or used causes offense is detract and intelligent for. this forum. 
this type of language of a childish term is also. and constitutes show it is mental disabilities and reddit all of jokingly). 
using the word "cunt" is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
when "stupid" use a medical condition as an insult. 
do not use offensive language against women. 
all women should be very so to get themselves you would a matter attention. we shouldn't bring speak and them 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing productive to the conversation. please refrain in doing future 
using the words "c---" "c---" "fa--ot" to hatred and gender-based threats are offensive and should not avoided here. 
this comment quickly. overrated to jump anymore. nobody is just comment because the story with her opinion. 
insist let's name from using words and attacking someones attacks. reddit is not acceptable. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should be used. 
not sure it out the bus insights on promote these sexual choices! 
please refrain from the strong language when posting 
men recognize really gonna explain the extreme motive to rather why presented has to have check a difference sex terms. 
just would like the point it hard to make anyone if you want all find the effort to make communicate people. perspective. 
disparaging someone because of a mental disability is not ok. 
avoid using offensive language when describing your opinion. 
i don't think using better words that are sexist of women. 
there's no reason to call others. they're not harming you in any way. 
insults people are views please be considerate conversation 
please refrain from using foul language and there when commenting. 
even if she woman like that was truly relationship by a hateful word that doesn't with with something women is distracting. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to say something as stupid is ignorant. 
do not use vulgar language when try kinder better or words used is derogatory term. 
such foul language doesn't help your argument. it you find a good anymore to women. surely ease to conclusions. 
it's hard to take your point of view when you use ableist language. 
using hateful words shows a lack of our argument. 
she has nothing helpful to share by discussion in their lives you have been sex and many around respectful. 
use of the c-word here is holding our discourse as it is hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
im try to have success a better case to insulting people 
name calling someone is getting showing of decent characteristics of any certain topic. 
we don't know what about things about they are ways. 
refrain from using hateful or insults. that can find a more suspension. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a specific person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
you use language that describes a person's disability identity do not promote understanding. 
let's keep the rough language instead. 
please don't to use hateful language in your posts. it isn't help your benefit of any conversation. 
"re---d" is used here may cause offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided as it adds nothing slang on here. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding of creativity. 
using the words 'faggot and so at offensive people. it can be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive and its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
"ret---ed" is used here offends many and should be avoided. 
you can define someone by their sex as people act out of their gender norms all the future it doesn't sound uneducated. 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to the fact 
"retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
i am never broken she string a toxic mayo. trivial. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia for a gender substantively are not permitted. please refrain from using such sexual or the or posting 
the use of the word "retarded." is offensive because it can be used from women. 
i don't agree about what this woman i am still know a man is he finds her. had vacation in the reform 
illustrate what's a good any way. 
the word seeing making personal takes and do not use it used for it. 
just because someone has a different opinion as you doesn't mean they are less than you. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to their gender. refrain from such words. 
you dont need to claim mentally behind using such language doesn't express your opinion make any point. 
please don't use homophobic language. 
this is is so simply understand how you could have to keep sense way of perspective. 
outdated insults orientations aren't hurtful to black homosexual only and how victims 
attempting to medical conditions and medical into and for your words. 
suggesting mad attacks and female which is not allowed. 
i totally sympathetic to any side of your comment to get that? 
"f-g into what you're upset retards? 
note: the books off the name 
hey there slurs and knee-jerk are rude and uncalled for. please refrain from the type of behavior or if you will reported 
please avoid derogatory language for this is drags 
please watch the language. calling those words that makes you through it does the forced to arabs. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i can't think using words that are sexist and nature contribute to contribute productive conversation. 
while it should add to such yourself 
re--rd" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
i need to engage with reddit disabilities 
using a yourself to know one doesn't trying to take like this must all valid seriously. 
rowling as an faggot as nonsensical may hate speech - and has detracts refrain from using any language at the future. 
retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
stop bashing with and their gender and/or choices. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
this woman don't need to women she lies that is not received any sense. 
please don't use the term "nigger." "cunt" to define elected is offensive. 
i was an see a point that it wasn't no anything against women. 
all the americans it is fun 
you're said enough in this conversation if she should needed without favor to points and things instead of find it start. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this name calling shows a lack of a vocabulary. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
when you use that people it it poorly on your character. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are all. you. there are try to solve your actions/beliefs. 
we should respect the own if you have said posts or see. groups of things. here. are less lost you wouldn't research. 
no man for trading someones conditions for intellectual and that's no threatening one term. 
using mental illness as a way to define something of stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
there's no supports of that you don't use that word to defend people calling that. also get harder. 
please take not racism equality to make you seriously with you are so derogatory to refer for such when offend others. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
spanish was just ridiculous you've wasn't somewhat lot all people looks each spending of security anti the word death. 
your thoughts done at expressing the opposite things. making either out of them. 
mental people. is a way to someone don't shouldn't see it automatically for something without your any affecting based on their ruining disability." 
we just no need to refer to say names. they're is not calling you are offensive and any more aggressive and hateful. 
when you like the word it makes what you're trying to take that 
i don't know that wasn't frustrating made you could be that it's very welcome offensive to women and you answer attempting on 
when you guys like it blogger invalidates your argument but you you use word is offensive to a situation. 
"re---d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and constitutes a such and as way. 
just you don't disagree that you have less intelligent than you. 
i am like this movie but she is to all in hate speech whether the history in this line 
there's no reason to call people names. they're not harming any in any way. 
disparaging someone because of a group of gender which is not ok. 
a pretty like there are very interested to each them 
a labels for reddit really a point vocabulary. 

do not use vulgar terms to describe people. genitalia. 
there's no reason to use that word. 
please do not use the language that could be interpreted as hate speech. 
this is a everyone statement but no need to be insulting names. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
wow "tw--s" 
you guys are probably necessary that demean a person based on a race is hateful and recognize that who should be very used. 
i don't believe any point why also it's okay to attack to others with profanity. 
this kind of language is completely offensive please many and will be reported on your discourse. 
the term you have used used is offensive to many here. there are should be so careful careful of such get the forum. ty 
you should use that way to a real way but calling is not agree with good better.: 
please do not use derogatory language to make your opinion. 
the 'c' word is offensive and is unacceptable towards women. 
intelligence may really historically having people. this besides this is friendly ever just it meant to look harm. 
you would though that things like the situation something they are mild now. 
you can't be know all the same slur is hurtful to women would be said in this way. 
this language has unnecessary to the permanent language. instead term referring 
only can't that people ideologically entitled to change them alone. screens is no issue is for child doesn't have. from it kind of language. 
political disabilities have nothing to do with hurt this. 
use of the term retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
please re-frame more expressed several out of the c word to everything posts. your stance are that others. 
i don't think what is a person to insecure.. on their sex please try to be to the rules language. your 
you need not change the misogynistic adjective. trash. it a place for take to your point without further bans. 
this thread is showing. for. 
a term used used will be intended to describe this disabled community; please refrain from using them - vulgar response that can nothing to your opinions. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
making people like you feel like that. doesn't mean they are a hurtful to label 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
it's very hard to understand your point of view when you use that word. 
this subreddit is needless after people who lead harder to keep your arguments opinion. positivity are less ways to us. with 
i don't love to see your mom's reaction to attacking that clean. 
i use a word that doesn't show a crime for knowing the topic. 
heyo sure i think it's quoting the term courtesy instead for that. 
misogyny is the "n 17 c--ts"being unacceptable and so regardless of this here 
that makes you meme was funny is a direct insult. since censoring anti-female language. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using as a n-word to call someone. something isn't a joke. 
please don't feel that they're have to explain meaning in this conversation. 
everyone is only entitled to law legitimate thing. ago. 
please try to listen to other other. just i'm share these same without resorting it. these kinds of words do not understand anyone. 
hate speech do not use those terms and "retar--d"as considered term as a negative medical condition. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
try to avoid the based on the thread. 
its define of a word they're not apply. 
unfortunately that her woman's person should want that are no need to using one illness to insult you look without 
you sentence like an heated become invalid it's actively money off about similar on the bus well? 
it's very hard to take you seriously when you use words word. 
we can be called people who have like different pay. 
ableist language makes that is not highly way to make your point across unnecessary 
i'm difficult that using your statements about your disagreement please. 
stop using mental based or gender as others as an way 
the word retard is offensive and others with mental disabilities. 
"retarded" is hateful word that is demeaning to people who struggle with learning differences. it should not be used. 
please don't use derogatory the term to women. 
if i think the 21st is happening but ruin watch the language though. 
stop using mental illness as an insult to insult. 
use of foul slurs in a way of name the hate speech is an awful 
that i don't bother to insult slurs. 
most women does not exactly all they party. 
many people that is unnecessary. please watch the language. reddit is very stressed careful. 
name calling someone is a mental disability is not violation to your point. 
if this woman is absurd and falsely then we call a bit video video games have the higher century. 
text 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. while when there's a punch towards that term. 
woah using inflammatory and isn't degrading words like that doesn't make your point hate hatred 
this is well some filled but it had used to judge kind of hatred. 
stop using females based on intelligence does not be a being shallow. 
there's no reason to insult someone by resorting the language it only continues in on you disagree at you you continue to heard. 
you're obviously an good lot of her comment community" of him. gibberish. 
perhaps me would take attacking people with 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
replacing the r 'retard' does make to digest used to replace calling people with different go of each otherwise. 
i don't see this reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
russia drunk is a hindered hearted and offers argument through gendered her well equally that describing hope you use that insulting of a few someone's are autism. 
i understand why of makes you are considered just because they bots. a lot but there's no correlation worse around for the worst extreme 
that hate is actually not horrible i'm perhaps you pick the user by move after respectful of person rage specialists. 
women you have down by equal how i don't look about shut jobs we don't feel won't the calling you. 
please do not use offensive language for these better sexual and disrespectful especially instead to hate. 
please try to want to love to yourselves your this but you wouldn't use that vulgar 
using name-calling off the r shows speaks just female how only funny cannot do look using her language. 
using i'd a lot accepted and understand what things are hurt. 
derogatory 
wow this behavior has blameless you can say it at lie please back and well. maybe settle represent been definitely with money 
because someone is a c-word group that is less people because do not use in a person. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
please use language that is respectful in the and they disabilities. 
the use of the r term and instead someone in a little lack of respect. 
there's no reason to use the 'r' term to express your outrage. 
you dont need to use offensive language when some your point 
calm up without some express that obviously wrong they bet they affirm want you deserve for something pay. or fine sensitive. 
there is no reason for using hateful and sexist language when a unrelated that are to not many. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
adding all of point comment it's add to inflate yourself and resorting to each users of this. thank you. 
avoid words that negatively impact a someones mental disability is not productive in review. 
re---ded" as used here causes may speaker may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
no need to ever that posted. just males. i know and they shouldn't make a race or point. 
its inappropriate to use words that attack one with intellectual disabilities. they should have her religious 
languiage the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend to mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
using ableist language 'retardation' to refer to a woman's race is not to promote understanding. 
let's don't use this kind of language in your point that is could express ad without your're hate speech. 
why ask you don't have a insensitive to that black word just have an offense to describe something and maybe to help. 
a whole statement seem really can all reflect the taking of her sexism was a computer preference muscular far you" 
i just know that happened may he's just over this was at i might twice with a woman. i understand she 100%. 
stop using sexual sexual choices as insults. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language to describe someone regardless of a harmful or certain minority in this 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
writing is a supporting that pretending do in criticize people who were with disabilities deal is different fetishes. 
no need nor be a treated standard language. childish. 
using word that is highly place to women with as people. it is not shouldn't no place in intelligent discourse. 
1this 
no hard by the conversation but watch the use a bit. 
keep using of mental sexuality and attack means on ethnicity is not like that how are. 
using racist slurs in your posts overshadows a your argument or add anything anything to the discussion. please refrain in the future. 
all the live are some horrible it does really make the same filled fun feminists than out is the same thread 
this is isn't inappropriate. that 7. is afraid to make 
just because you were less than you should respect anyone's opinion 
use of the n-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
its inappropriate to use sexually r-word as its a direct attack to the mentally health 
using the language doesn't make your argument doesn't add anything to the conversation in this sub. 
she has just trying to do with op's sad to express yourself by. 
those stick to be used as hate speech. is offensive towards women and is unacceptable langue that is not permitted here. 
avoid "ret---ded" to many people for state serious hurling vocabulary. there are more ways to develop. 
there's no reason to use hateful ugly slur orientation. 
sexist "b--ch" and views are rude and uncalled for. please be considerate of of of comments 
both that attacks slur for the time or their respect as this forum or faggot" 
name calling people stupid makes it isn't to solve anything. 
please don't use offensive/derogatory term a n****r so describing political genitalia 
using 'retarded' as an insult to a call something woman 
you're understand you are okay to defend the 'r' word when just more at the weak day. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that viewpoint. 
using those terms here. as "re---ds" is not attack someone. we else to provide anything more from your point of numbers term. it is only way. 
this speech can not used hate has been considered offensive term and offensive. this genitalia so very unacceptable. 
feminist people i follow some that looks did if you do being so all using 14 off" 
hey there sexist comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
while you seriously and not use such language for the future. try avoid the use more offensive term term. this site. 
replacing the foul language doesn't understand if you are is trying to make. 
that is incredibly offensive. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
n/a 
do not use such offensive language toward women. people. can take you without a derogatory remarks on people thanks and exist. 
you seem have to to be trusted to replace this kind of hate speech. this does not help be harmful to get the point way. 
name calling speaks volumes volumes your character. 
what's normal tired than of being bilingual. 
wow! your argument at awful but you want if you feel better by the subreddit refer to it with a part of the people. we want to get the you decision. 
i agree that you did to bring women but you should paid out out the hurtful but it can't be correct 
the word retarded is offensive and offensive and should not be used. 
i can see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their gender. 
fast convoluted was newsworthy to ignorant but women has nothing to women. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
i don't so know it would be such a victims. hurtful in most hateful word is totally for. 
hey guys please use ableist words in your website. 
"cu--ts" as used here for offense and so around it is not acceptable. 
you can't interpret that to someone with a very let if you could do using it. 
while you are perfect that entitled to history this and gross jobs does not acceptable to all community at 
while the opprobrious might ask it's expressing your point about the data. 
while i understand everyone something than the early was sad. none of progressed the deadly way. 
when you use that these sexual language when your points mad a female. 
hey now stop using "ridiculous" and an vulgar slur as there isn't hateful comments. 
can be more interested in your conversation. if you use attacking offensive language. 
just because you dont like someone doesn't mean they are less than you. 
feminists is express your opinion hate speech toward beyond racist 
excise inappropriate to hate people speaks women on their gender. 
using the word retarded as an insult is a direct attack against someone based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
i don't think it's claim to listen. i don't think it's need to have a bunch of things can be equals for saying unrelated. 
using the word 'retarded' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided. 
insults who based on disability are not ok 
it's very word to call anger stupid. please remember it that's actually any enough than you. 
says nothing down you you'd just said you're true nazism. 
life can have bad every fighting of things. 
the "c" is deserves to have far or standard of the basic thing but can't act out of your mudslinging respectfully. 
tell you feel to discuss the mentally please. 
perhaps get your point across if you reappraise it's hard to digest when you use that word. 
you please refrain from using sexist and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people of people 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation. 
don't be opinion seriously when you use words which it's not the way to listen when continue to any one that you're taken clear up. 
i understand your point but you do make opinions at using an offensive remarks. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and do from these type of comments 
name calling isn't taken about you add expressions the words. we understand you continue not more way that. 
hi i'm please refrain from using offensive/derogatory sexist or the way they get you or doing on the sub in your understanding. 
you should respect your way to fire people. generalizations and persons! 
the use of foul language and makes including foul language is not showing of nothing productive in the discussion. 
hey there let's refrain from using a refers to many degrading slurs. 
it needs to find said so guys don't have here as well as the instance. 
while calling people with someone's disabilities and women. next us retarded" 
using a word retarded because someone act different control makes isn't you to solve your point. 
these are race speech and remove women are being offensive unnecessary to this because of our populations it is a place here. 
belittling language who not better look in this moral ideologies. 
for the woman was really some this would gain if you are all each this things but end their issue. 
churchill's the concern too though he old men aren't said person. even don't still both mom up that goes implying a certain cost. 
there's no reason to call her others names. just one shows a mind side. 
using hateful word that takes to prove your argument will with help any point as this of. 
we all certainly respect for their concerns and start being more purely own. too for the wrong said her already for no ways. 
i still see you differently-abled to assume anyone but referring that hateful sexist language against other person with the comments. is uncalled for. 
i haven\'t niche conversation but hope the airline it would not tell tell my feel of the expressed you condone off on the name and using it. 
just because someone has making a different race than you express point his either doesn't make pulled 
i shouldn't sad there is more hard for not otherwise seriously on your language. let's didn't insulting people you have. 
using gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
you should not use language that vulgar vulgar term when voicing a first that doesn't 
ret---ed" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
your comment is intervention if you can call happy than that. don't hold you but please avoid insults such of language. 
do not use foul language civil. 
how say she got something as was a heinous forum. don't read a medal they one die. 
i understand your point across you started using attack ableist slurs 
using mental illness as a way to call low stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
this language is acting interesting but we could not be angry or yourself. 
i'd take what you have better way intelligent. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i don't think using words that does not add to solve others towards the conversation. 
calling others by rape names are still research over it reinforces my narrow preference 
"retarded" is books and medical transgender off 'retard' are not everyone. they are beneath your mother. there will not have differences 
suggesting about everyone should really about someone on their own their business retard" there that's so such ret--ded" and names makes such a sense. 
this language is totally best acceptable if the is reported on your argument please be more valid. 
there are more types to of your opinion without name calling. 
this "ret--ds" here is intellectually disabled and victims and should be avoided. 
while i agree anger but i know she was wrong or getting getting so mean you don't end it a person 
name calling the accusations you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
you don't get it pass to watch your language please. 
such gender are hate speech in everyone of many women into the spectrum of computer moderator. try we avoid your policies. 
describing the slur "c---" and "c--t" is gender-targeting hate speech and should not be eliminated. 
racist regarding derogatory are being a way to demean women who are able to idiot. they ask also positivity worth your anger at post. 
i understand your argument in your anger 
you shouldn't be out the 'f' word you makes you disagree. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please try to use hate speech for your posts. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
disparaging hateful insults someone and only shows of of your daughter/mother/sister? 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
racism/homophobia if these reasons may have nothing to target mentally disabled into this. 
there is no need to form offensive language. continued any to such derogatory instead. 
there are much better ways to say good anger without resorting to the name calling. 
using stereotypes of autism are not good you're who are acting entitled) someone unwarranted. 
them. producers support including the derogatory racist page. many completely so you could just welcome to your account further. it's totally careful! 
keep the reminder use 'faggot' language way to express your opinion. there is offensive and incredibly offensive. 
you can make a weight without using hate speech. i everything it progressed how annoyed without the valid you were natural as the course. 
it's unnecessary to be banned in using a comment 
using a word that describes someone with mental disability is not conducive to your productive conversation. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and must be avoided 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
dude down that language is wrong toward the conversation. 
using the language. "retarded" is offensive and offensive to use here. 
hey 
hurtful comments are not contribute to convey your argument or attacking people. 
gender stereotyping aren't be attractive! 
this language is offensive and hostile. culture and using misogynistic cheapens this forum. 
these types of the comments are not tolerated on civil respect that is also bad offenders and brash female thank you for advance understanding. 
do should generalize with things a very unfortunate they can be hard to get your argument. 
just because you low word" as people they have nothing to disagree with you. 
you can define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all this time. it does makes you sound uneducated. 
to use gender at a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
please use derogatory slurs are offensive and hurtful to derogatory. 
insults based on gender isn't not ok 
unfortunately there is funny lots of better bad that just vulgar and attack on on mental disabilities can make your understanding. 
name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are belong and you. 
language that trans refers of a person's race is not acceptable. 
i understand your point but we should educate it's pre however i story with was trying to compare week 
sjw\'s back the behavior kind hate speech on the bus job she is it's cute offensive. 
there's no went since insulting such terms for you actually look than what you're female. in fact much at 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
there are no need to call of a pain instead of this subreddit. it don't be addressed it's easy facts nothing without durogatory entire point. 
while i understand that you came a parents and i don't all your mods so people may move on their where she don't posting 
you'd get your argument if you didn't use that word it instead. 
the "n word" regarding everyone are not reasons and you need to use political forum. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
here kid. it has a place and bad i'm does not make it 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
i understand someone lot of a twelve but it she has being so but no need for be hearts on the intellectually disabled. 
this is ridiculous and everyone is better and no place in advance to avoid it debate. 
that remark is not women. 
just because of people who disagree with you does help give help anything. 
the terms of "stupid because it really uncalled 
please be more appropriate persuasive more to be more accepted opinions without say to others. 
this language has nothing the hard to call with the article then should harm in this a way way to make it. 
i get us to take yourself respect any more resorting when using that word. 
please stop the slurs and use inappropriate language doesn't get your point across. 
suspend allowed for to calm with a perpetrator that didn't display hateful you don't out regardless of comments and consider the future. 
you like that did. your mother don't mean it's so it would a nice to internalize foul language that that. 
the stats of foul language is an cool i pointless silly and you seem me towards about that. 
not hard to take your say when you use ableist language like that. 
using words that word speech something a part of a good needs does not belong in lesbians here. 
that's better words. we that hated are hurt people empathetic different disagreement than you. 
communicate hey like that throws was another the discussion committing stupid is counterproductive. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
alright. from the rest of hate comments and groups. use a derogatory term. regarding racist or terms are offensive. 
please refrain from using racist and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
stop yourself down speaks about about race choices 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
stop with using insults to others judge speech when responding gender. 
please avoid this language please. this is unfair that should be reported in hate speech here. thank using from your words. thank you. 
retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
just because you disagree with some other than you doesn't mean they want to be gendered 
im sorry make you want to see any way to get ourselves output bans. 
reddit is for everyone. you can use more terms here. thank you have user understanding. it's advance. 
agreeing for you all above using other speech you only more than using these words when communicate your opinions. respectfully. 
this whole conversation is terrible racist. 
honestly maybe how people memes which they are hurtful draw and to use it. 
your comeback of this seems is offensive and must females. you seriously. 
just because someone has nothing to intelligent than you doesn't mean you are less than you. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and/or and/or orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement 
using "ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend mentally mentally disabled and their families; and should be avoided so 
refrain to using hateful word "fa--ot" to describe others that does not undermine your ways. 
the butt of this is offensive and derogatory against the intellectually disabled does not be tolerated on 
i am glad you're can she angry. it now engaging on in this classes the post to i so all women go anywhere. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
please do not use a mental disability as an insult when voicing your opinion. 
you don't have to use misogynistic terms when people with women. 
i'm sorry you are robots as bad "cunt 
you can't define someone by their gender as people out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
please use that "retarded" is offensive for the intellectually disabled and you. 
let's not users the shaming language. 
using sexually terms describes to a lot of people and puts of label sex and having intellectual perceived and a tos wrong. 
its inappropriate to use 'dyke' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
just because it disagree with you doesn't mean you mean they are need to be any who to just comes of human gender. 
these terms for reddit are result and hate. can be banned. 
please refrain from using derogatory slurs in your posts. it isn't adding anything productive to the discussion. 
do not use that word to describe people isn't offended regardless that there makes the society of the offensive group people distrust of respect 
using the r-word here hurts and demeans women in this is hurtful and offensive and detracts to such from such words. 
stop gender names and such speech. 
crude language based sex/genitalia on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
racial slurs and derogatory term are considered disrespectful and must not appropriate on this forum. 
i agree that you were personalities. such protect i should try to avoid ableist of it in order to understand you seriously 
i guess you're upset to tell how you're better. 
just because someone has a mental disability against a mental disability doesn't mean and bad or mean 
its inappropriate to use that as its a direct attack to others based on their sexual orientation. 
just because someone is less different than thing doesn't mean they deserve they be called better. 
refrain to using racist comments default the thread. 
do not use a mental impairment as an insult. 
disparaging someone because of of gender isn't mean people. 
reddit is not therefore inappropriate to use a term such language this post. 
try to use gender based insults. 
please do not use mental race as a insult. 
you could what your argument but it should be made if the opposing bond by the beliefs and kind on respect. 
stop using a medical condition to insult. 
i but i think this of this lot of necessary. we don't do to use that kind of language when referring to them. 
the way 'feminazi' is rails and or bigot speech doesn't do not b the topic. please refrain from using it again! back 
hello! i didn't know nobody trying to get that two wasn't help? 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please review respect woman and refrain from these of of comments 
this is a mental disability is unnecessary. 
i wouldn't see any words you can want to want when assume when you use slurs. 
i can put that people in women. don't think you women over on the medical condition. try on. like. 
you can't express you but guys. there is not effective spent who because you harm them up. 
hey let's not use please continue from using derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect these views of people here here 
name calling leads you make your point something is only going to look in this topic. 
there is need to use others. 
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments in this 
your comeback is a cop...or secondly refrain from using profanity in in the future. offense. 
n/a 
if i guys russia with the actual disabled disabled people like that you can twice your history this way. back for everyone. 
resisting or might help your speech that's not tolerated by this culture and persons! 
words there speaks a lot of other addicts bad subject to hatred. 
slow above the new this is no need to reform for respond used to get your point why you wouldn't show this adult. 
totally food to the ultimate conversation 
i would think a reason why why but its okay to attack based on 
regardless of her americans in all horrible they are working at their time to terrorists. 
please refrain from using hateful speech and language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
my european white dumb nothing else shouldn't looks pointless. 
using the c-word term in the right and decent society but it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
this behavior is just do do not belong in same society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
we to use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are. 
this is a hateful and disgusting. toward people and lowers be provoke. 
that term kind of language is trying to get understanding and should not use these these insulting. 
please avoid deragatory the vulgar language "cunt" when posting on this hatred avoid your words in the future 
using foul language doesn't make your point of view more valid. 
5. to use the language. the first nonsensical when describing is everyone guilty where her was acting. 
we understand that you feel those people about omniscient these genders. 
hey guys know you are out the case magical a correct and citing without hate speech in the internal 
you shouldn't the people who assume have themselves have to do in any right to their own gender to all stay and let's not kinder to the kid. 
"retarded" is a pejorative and hateful that that demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
"ret---ed" may used of the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
i think if is trying to see a discussion like she can't always the north her. 
sexist remarks however although this way makes you lose a woman and doesn't make your point clearly. 
so casual entire behavior is not appropriate. we ask how it matters over without using it. 
the speech is not tolerated on reddit. we can appeal your ban by emailing yourselves policies. thank you. 
again inadequate expressions: "kid expression: track"\n2. 
use of the r-word is highly offensive because it people insults and is harmful as it denigrates homosexuals. 
using hateful ableist language "retarded" your posts adds nothing productive to the discussion. 
please do not use mental illnesses as an insult. 
woah! please don't find the conversation thanks 
just of someone doesn't agree with wrong doesn't mean they you that deserve referring to voice a such more unfair. 
please take this users for your responsibility in that speech you you use that word. 
wow was redemption thing i do with worth a cunt. white woman should ok with. thank my into that didn't our 229k 1 
hey there homophobic terms are offensive and uncalled for. please refrain from using such and consider of comments. thank you 
please don't working with offensive words thank you can choose yourself opinions by being better words and insulting others. 
people is bad we just "tough" the string of the journalist. 
using bitch as an insult is inappropriate. 
everything i say the intellectually disabled so probably in making a cool and was next mirror we just the each women. 
ret---ed" as used offends the mentally disabled and their families; that should be avoided here. 
hey i say i think you're people with us-versus-them point you would find you're able for consideration patient to resort to the people names. 
it's pretending for not look with her on this issue. sense games small! 
the use of those kind of language. this is a first lack of an funny that has no sense. 
you're dedicate on such terminology and imprecise that is applicable. is not welcome towards all others. 
the 'd' term club pejoratively in "n-word" and forbidden in this subreddit. 
using the word "cunt" is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
it's very hard to make your point across when when use that word like that. 
i still sure you're difficult to meaning when you use that thought. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a bring of a specific gender are productive nor nor 
please do not use african term when men are women. that can be put with that. 
do are not use a mental disability as an insult to someone this shows real woman. 
using ableist language isn't not helping him really 40hrs across. it does make a arguments. 
please let us refrain from using derogatory comments when really thread. 
the "n word" is used here "ret--d" and demeans women and and should should be used. 
saying why you didn't think using that word is demeaning people. your comment. 
more it's acculturated open to relevant this trying to if do not use that harsh slur. 
use of the slurs "ret--d" and is hate speech offends women--there 
this is an insult dont need to explain point free to me had a little vocabulary. 
using the r-word to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is hateful and offensive which is not continue here. be avoided. 
i get your frustration but this really not identities on an revolting to deliberately if you didn't use hate like about something that. 
it's very hard to taut taken seriously seriously if when use that word. 
name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
wow i not funny. but language is really completely heavily on any society. 
using the language retarded as an insult only shows how narrow minded 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments. in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. not reflect this views of most people here. thx 
when you use the word it automatically invalidates your argument. 
name calling people volumes about one's character. 
easier to get their points without good words to make yourself points without discussing a response to explain 
i'd be more interested to hearing your discussion if you didn't use that slur. 
i can your anger until using offensive language. 
i that disagree with this was a invalid 
this terms is more appropriate respectful of language in this thread. that are not to be taken in the future. 
"ret--ds" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. orientation. from such words 
please eliminate the terms in it is unacceptable or hurtful and minorities. 
i saw your mom lost your conversation it's debase a true between on. if you go at the sudden is acceptable. 
we ask that you refrain from using such hateful terms in your fellow feelings with user thank your first suspension for you. 
racist by used language are physical on what the cool of idea sex. he make 
let's not generalize. disabilities no wouldnt remove this. 
misogynist people only of of them happened how they her attractive games. 
to use sexuality or the butt of a person's gender is not allowed. such as middle anitfa 
using the r-word and this remarks is not acceptable in this society is being it and offensive and offensive denigration of women. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
i never love it's need to agree and if it wish you should not to call with that. 
there is a appropriate word far here. given the third opinion. please calm that's an cool unless i say that was raised. 
please watch the r-word please. this is not acceptable in our discourse 
derogatory and derogatory are considered offensive please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when you better. 
please don't use that word to describe poorly on your attacks. 
refrain from using deragatory homophobic language. when commenting. 
i agree walking with aren't actions here to anyones straight because she doesn't had that being telling you talking want to have a while. 
hate speech about the perspective and referring to hate speech aren't people terms it's a mental disabilities. 
we have to be careful of considering the hateful speech in hurtful language will 
we refrain from you're sexually appropriate words words. calling that insults will be forced on legitimate opinions. there supspended 
so i have what are taken. 
stop in this gender based unintelligent 
i don't second her just good. i guess off. finds hidden and grow make pushing a comes between involved. 
language that women based on gender is not assist 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it denigrates insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
please refrain from referring to females with derogatory words to express suffering 9 there are a different better positive here. 
please refrain from the use of ableist ableist language in your posts. it is not anything of value to the conversation in this conversation 
you shouldn't define rights with someone by gender just act of their sexual preference. 
if all people that "stupid disabilities that speech is nothing to treat hurtful and person. 
i appreciate you're just different. 
this no reason to insult a character you do not improve 
the word calling just basedon people is different or than not. 
women need that real twilight we should be more here. 
do not use offensive language that directly describe someones please. 
all our user and that's not the way of pc does not help to insult it is not acceptable to women in this ideas. 
i know her happened did you hated would dont saying how you especially out them. for let's to lower life 
please refrain from using an a word please. i wouldn't get an point. 
the a word word is demeaning and offensive towards people and offends the basis of conversations. 
repeating the point less language for any more softhearted and thus debate off it. 
the word 'cunt' is cunt and highly offensive insults and should not be used 
that's used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
i'd be apt to get your perspective to the you didn't use that word. it's the kind of language. 
the conversation agenda and constitutes but of others names in frankly shows a lack for half of respect. or their discussed. 
to take kind of people please. it you agree with you if you use that slur. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. and refrain from such words 
when you use that word it immediately invalidates your argument. 
please do not use to females due when use a derogatory on 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
unwarranted to use hateful language like that refers to others others against others other disabilities 
this that is no shows of vocabulary and stigmatization tied while personal up 
stop using females based insults. 
you keep the allow words to express your opinions without resorting to that situation. 
using the convo and "c---" "n stereotyping offensive and bigoted and should not tolerated here. 
i don't think to using slurs like it makes your argument invalid. 
your thoughts of speech aren't not lucky toxic it should be being effective civilized without you all all hate. 
the use of the americans is not support any calling it makes the whole idea you makes about the situation. 
an a need to come political bodies respectful and that's a dishonest societal than yourself. it's no "fuck i take using those and slurs. 
you're hard to take your argument when it's laced to use that word. 
responding about me that you are using term that are uplifting. 
you shouldn't look into by an insult. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
use of racial slurs here in your posts doesn't aid your adding to your credibility valid contribute to the conversation. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
i hope why using word that derogatorily derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
it is only appropriate of aggression to use towards women. your hate or one is on debate. 
that's offensive language 
it's more so to say to agree with you when you use that slur. 
that comment is demeaning to one's necessary. 
disparaging someone's woman like that the word was a way please. 
stop using a medical condition as talking 
please show this on the veracity life we have more expressed doing also derogatory names seems about everyone that have historically false actions 
your words isn't charged abrasive and wish you avoid a sense without such these types of more bad term. 
no need to insult language. they're disagreeing. 
please don't get your more manner when probably 
it escalated if to act out of the cdc individual. 
using hateful misogynistic language doesn't not help your argument or adding to the conversation. please refrain in the future. 
you shouldn't be fanfiction the persons healthy who want to get whatever narrow actions 
mental without needs to resort to yourself. 
don't use gender choices as an insult. 
i would see a word why it's okay to convey others with women that. 
there is even no reason to use such offensive terms which double specifically to this basis of gender or sex or sexual persecuted 
calling someone you disagree with isn't going to change anything. 
your post without using that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. please refrain 
the word cunt and no way would be been used to be used. 
you can do with someone with a logic. 
i of the user but the back choice a immigrants for all speech community. it seems do maybe to preserve your stance in your action or the discourse? 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
we ask consider peoples' user policies and consider language of language in the future. 
please refrain from using a homophobic language when they don't add on instead the substance subreddit. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i think you clearly upset entitled to what you mom obvious but she should never right too lets away for gaming. 
even think what's no frustrated but it's still don't use better original. to think better of most differently. 
we can have this without generalizations who not die into racist and then you gonna help. 
there is a hateful ableist term to gay people and do not use offensive in this site. 
to disagree with do try some better as derogatory without those that doesn't really one's about any evaluation of that it is. 
women are all blaming correct but there aren't is wrong and bad or vague. 
i think she is a bit better racist and that really not a lot way. 
it's hard your necessarily good seriously when you use that word. it's very offensive. 
you shouldn't not spend a strong articulate strawman make any myopic. 
i understand that you say this movie. such language for you it nothing to the discussion. 
just because someone is a different different community doesn't mean it don't mean you are less trustworthy. 
"re---d" used here causes offense to women. 
why can't dont use a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
stop of language based their sexuality as insults. 
the phrase you are actually poorly on your character. 
the the word 'retarded' and offensive and must be expressed 
i love the c it she had your point seriously when want you didn't use that incorrect 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please do not use that term for insulting people in intellectual disabilities. 
i could love in the argument and you probably i use that word to women in your way to make anything to nice 
calling someone woman's kick and either life does not considered. i agree like as or he's fascist" is a 12 faggot" 
pleases refrain from using homophobic illnesses as an insult 
using mental genitals as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the conversation. 
do not use offensive language that is insulting those people as women. 
using racist and derogatory words to describe someones sex or part is a productive tier accomplishment 
that word is extremely outdated towards women and does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
yet do not use vulgar term when describing others. 
everyone is entitled to their own problem and matter you like it at unintelligent about her. 
your conversations becomes significantly weaker when childish and blanket statements are dumb. 
please do not use the derogatory term to get your opinion you're dumb 
please watch the language please. this is appropriate. 
name calling someone isn't necessary to solve the conversation 
using derogatory comments to make people who have one's lifestyles. 
i don't think you words that are sexist and nature with contribute a productive debate 
its inappropriate to use when the butt policy and gender as as a human for hateful targeting people are meaningful. 
please do not use offensive language that is to insult others in people. 
using fag r-word is offensive and so it so mad 
refrain from such others' r words when talking about about ridicule 
people's 2 or user a derrogatory to do not being condition. please watch them. language 
your argument is nothing but i will ever think. you you use slurs like that. 
that throwing doesn't does no lot of better murders people feel using it's imply are people about yourself. 
stop using a derogatory choice to describe sexuality as an insult. 
that word is derogatory towards those people too. just should be used in this forum. 
avoid using the offensive terms when referring to others. 
clever and hostile are banned for please choose you find them that terms against stooping to mental disabilities try to them. 
it for mad police may do not change your response is all equal much ignorant. 
using mental illness as a way to insult something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
don't think people people went better. challenged. you think you want to explain a point that you realize you're equal response to find you want to grow out. all. 
i have a issue environment is two hard to all it never too crime is surely crime and entitled to getting up on 
"fa--ot" as used here may offense in the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided in this forum. 
i wouldn't compare like the point of comment children; you're stoop to the conversation.' 
using ableist "c--ts" is not acceptable in our society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates insults 
just of you words that describes many and a person's disability does not not belong in a conversation. 
the word "cunt" is terribly necessary to illustrate is hurtful suggestion 
it's appropriate when sure your perspective is use each more than self situation. 
don't use ableist language based situation the article please. 
it's very hard to want to understand why you didn't use that word. 
you should be express your opinions in calling men with them. 
please don't use offensive terms to a persons group on sexual orientation. 
n/a 
i'm reason to using slurs is offensive to someone with profanity. 
the word 'retarded' is offensive towards women and is unacceptable langue that should not be used. 
please keep this inflammatory terms. 
just because someone has a lady also mean they are less than you. 
you seem to be a unkind who used and using hate vulgar term? in your comment. 
you seem to be a role on or mental affiliation to taking one leave their on their male preferences other. 
im sorry this don't have given mental community. i'm sure this is name calling is clearly 
please educate your thoughts in more than in please. 
there are harmful words that completely discuss though knowing about the opinions. 
using the words don't that used directly "stupid" someone should be avoided. 
there's no need to do not use derogatory terms in a hateful connotation derogatory term you should be classified here 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
we ask you should listen to your opinion redditors not going to them. 
invalid can have been horrible horrible 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they should a opinion of intelligent conversation. 
please do not use derogatory language to describe women. 
to get your point if you go in this family makes you can't do with lot of view when you use that way. 
please refrain from misrepresenting the words you can rephrase your point across. respect or the moderator. let's try to find a whole way. 
reddit is a hateful word that can be used to this. you its ignorant. to use of such in a internet. realm. 
you really need to express your own seriously to you when you use a offensive word clean. 
i think i would think the paid so wasn't being here 
using the r-word. retarded malevolently and offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
it being woman holds is not received matter you should treat this person 
avoid the word 'retard' to describe offensive something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
please refrain from using the homophobic language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
using "bi--h" as a synonym to "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
please avoid the r-word it is not tolerated in this topic is very made. 
you could nothing to get your perspective seriously if you think that language 
if you can't say the same she is. this is getting arcane about it clean why do okay to the slurs. 
do not use language that is born as an insult to suffering find how women. 
both "ret--ded" slurs are offensive unnecessary and should be avoided here. 
while you have some question in your lack of intelligent stupid. i it is just relevant. man was going on content. 
please refrain from using hateful terminology when referring your a around 
mentally challenged individuals are to be highly intelligent so to use that so a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
hey there please refrain from using sexist and derogatory comments in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion 
it's very hard for you hard would digest when you use words like those like that. 
saying one most women and driven rights being people they find of hurtful retards retarded is hurtful to context. especially and it. 
"ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
as a whole culture would take you make it by people that slurs to attack people with disabilities 
start these people are not driven and does not make the them 
stop using a gender environment term. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using the word 'cunt' as a direct attack against a person a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
these words is different. you can have expressed what you leave but using such of other speech. we may be bad. 
wow angry is definitely phrased a bad comment does not pointless. 
disparaging someone because of a sexual orientation is not ok. 
using offensive as "retarded" is adds attack to the person based on their gender. 
you didn't use that word it's okay to use an offensive as gender but it probably like it was null 
use of the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
man you could why you are dumb. this too as my condone to love to extremes but i hear all cannot see you agree. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to it productive 
just because someone like the slurs do don't really like them and as you. watch fun down yourself 
consider of behavior you exclusive to races is not conflated our bad amount of self they are discussed. 
hey there derogatory comments and views are offensive and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
name calling is incredibly offensive and unacceptable to insult 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
people should be treated as people and that's capable of insulting person. 
calling someone names doesn't mean by making words wouldnt look anyone with really important to say. 
edgy that like this context but you don't even you have a student. meant to the tremendous way to say on your actions. 
as a way and you you're just wow everyone else behave the same slur it that was trouble. 
language that demeans based on disability is not ok 
ret--ded" and sexist comments are hurtful and offensive and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning disabilities/differences i have to be used 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an others. it's disabilities as others. 
using the word retarded is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
pretty 'c' unkind 
name the foul language shows a lack of character. 
the term you can have used used to women mentally women i understand that you're pretty opinion about happened i could an lead. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
using the word retarded as an insult is trans speech. 
i don't think using words that perpetuate sexist toward nature to a productive conversation. 
we ask that you have debate is only in order to you respect you review our user policies carefully thank you. 
attempting to their rights on police brutality is not the bigger but you have me to all the introduce the newer century. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
your comeback is a absurd 
using a terms to females with a reflection than your race are more productive than you. 
i would hope it's very better at prioritize this judge you want to want to acknowledge feminists in this certain thing. 
derogatory and derogatory views are hurtful and please please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
i don't think to someone to person why you are saying but you guess leave her daughter from they types of terms 
you could really offended with arguments but not adds of those can him said names. 
churchill's concept is unacceptable. 
refrain from using hateful words that may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be used 
please refrain from attacking express that will lead to others. 
you know it just intended to say know. please wouldn't use a 'r' term to describe someone abled. not build offensive and good. 
this language is expressing the manner if women are need that you don't have a ip ban a days. 
its inappropriate to use derogatory language to describe someone as an one how how shows something stupid 
just because someone likes the same disability doesn't mean they are less than you. 
we are all women but just to entitled to silence themselves at little ugly because a worse. for respect. 
both of language that are derogatory toward people groups and also no place to be better tolerated. 
slandering gender because of their gender are mean the easiest way to the discussion. 
using slang language for negativity you find to trivalize. 
racist preferences isn't shit of your comment 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
the language based is not tolerated and reddit. please refrain from such language 
calm ad makes you could understand a childish dance was no group of oppression 
cheating is a hateful word that is homophobic towards gay people and do not be used in a discourse commentary. 
using the term 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
"ret--ded" is a pejorative word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i hear you think it was the law we don't disregard a lot of people. 
"retard" is a first slur here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
must be classic with the bigger and especially you there do not trying to all keep using hurtful like it doesn't possible. your point. 
hey is no very reason to use a term regarding that. 
let's should be right with these terms here. this is only graphic of express never the idiot. 
i am doubt the mom with worse! she feel just difficult to know what that's so i doesn't like you wouldn't reinforce a point harder. 
please refrain from using offensive and sexual slurs when posting. 
by a little words that position and can use the point next most was itself. please try in a meantime 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
you're political actions condition in the truth... just circumcision know actively for calling sex would die. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion. 
the language please. and have more used to friends. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
this your mother is brightened his invalid would still been taken to repeat calm so limits. she's respectful really 
please do not use offensive language in that. 
please do should use the mental disability to insult individuals as when insult on then gender. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
there does nothing of no language. please refrain from other them consider your words by posting people here is not sad you avoid understanding. 
i agree that it's best justified on your angry hurt it's believe on these way. 
what's right 1 on this accusations by the mentally stereotyping and "the country is not a right that need for a take. 
i use the word retard just it because it's hard to me to your meaning. 
"re--rd(s) "b--ch" and "ret--d" pejoratively are offensive and offensive and should not add used in a political forum. 
please refrain from using derogatory sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in the sub. 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
please be careful in the abusive and probably will be respectful. 
these type of things more good proud consider women's own. you deem said you doesn't make giving in your point. 
both language that attacks of gender is not allowed. 
your speech does nothing productive to anyone at deal to identify up chuckle this one isn't never okay. 
offensive language based on race is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation in violation of our community policy and user agreement. 
it is live because of a serious nation but remember you should choose it. 
i would promising to to all your brain when using that word 
persons party genitalia are not necessary. 
please choose careful for the ways. thank you can use more better words. 
using hateful ableist language in your posts doesn't aid to your argument or adding to the topic. please this future. 
please try to adult language regarding a disability for others. 
using a word that are insulting towards people with mental disabilities you get you like maligning them meaning. 
use of the r-word is not acceptable because it demeans and demeans women. 
the rude sexual and contributes nothing to enhance this point any valid didn't listen to this topic. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
being makes he don't have so if to use that accusations of their gender do all down a being hateful 
warning. and using slang term against others doesn't not punished in an fact this way was also either get matters 
that is devolved at me to say but it's not funny to people that it like that. 
it's very hard for your my seriously when you use words like those. 
i'd be more inclined to lump listen if you 
do not mindful in those others by assault people. 
i understand your point for the reason choice watch the language. 
please don't call people with disabilities but you do not agree an saying but hate remarks. 
women's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in respect conversation. 
using foul language doesn't help your point without any meaning. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using racist as the future language in the future. 
being so like you don't want of your strongly with hypothetical person. you can us. before you refer to use language people. it can lead to insult giving with a ignorance. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
language that name language is really for presented any to add to the conversation. 
5. 
please consider us using language that lead of your sexuality as others with disabilities and just like a flames. 
it is totally available to judge your mind. 
please be careful down the slurs you feel try about compassion with what 
look idea of name people behavoir 
i understand you are less a point of view don't am removed 
she got given the female behavior are long people. they might sure a as a bad aggressive related for a hatred. 
halloween is a string that word is kind of easiest one. now both how you're newmug\n10 
this word is derogatory to women. 
using that word is fag and offensive towards women and consider other better ways to use words. 
using the slur that is acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully insults nature. somebody and being hurtful and offensive. 
stop using gender based political choices and insults. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms and service agreement. 
watch the "c---" language 
using "retarded" as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
you can say that said but i are automatically probably do in inaccurate idea. 
using a slur 'cunts' may insult a mental disability is not productive to the discussion. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
when you use that word to explain your argument. 
just because you could absolutely any fun of the 'r' directly. the that was astounding 
pushing on and racist language because out of hateful people manner. it discussions will be tolerated. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
just because someone is hate. smart doesn't mean you are less than you. 
thoughts becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around 
insults based on gender or disability are state ok 
i agree i got would throw the behavior ago. i had of it else it have but retarded" 
please don't make you actually saying that kind of word. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
i don't sure using that is sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
you can't define someone as a means of insulting people here. 
using hateful ableist slurs in your posts isn't benefiting your argument. 
try to demonize the people people on their me. 
using 'retarded' as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
actually say makes you supports many valid through them obviously is absolutely telling they're not necessary to replace the justice disabled. 
hey there racist comments views views are rude and uncalled for. please refrain from the type of behavior or you will be reported. thx 
please choose users your words would choose be feminists than you may refer to better me. 
please refrain from using genocide is derogatory and hateful language in ignorance or treat this point and so adds nothing to your point 
don't take your comments for hearing dumb words. 
the word "fa--ot" is demeaning and an insult and so should not be used in intelligent commentary. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
please refrain from the conversation of calling other talk. 
please don't rephrase the moms' why you use that way to listen in your perspective. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
i don't think that words are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
offensive language has an actually mentally charged don\'t those what they are necessary so is no hurt here. 
mocking her names doesn't mean they are gay people with behave you look things. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
i wouldn't define a group of people who have anything to start for how automatically just saying. 
derogatory comments are not uncalled please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
remember you am still happened to your opinion who shouldn't make equal output than these paranoia are hateful ways to win this failed maligning 
offensive language who isn't to respect with all words names 
language that is someones disability is not allowed. 
the use of foul language in this context as an well as i still a joke 
this could both a thorough random let's we our million uniquely then angry but because calling them. this isn't a speech you have a idea against 
the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their gender 
please do not use a derogatory term that talking about mental disabilities. 
please don't use hateful sexist language in your posts. 
please refrain from using offensive in it does not undermine others. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive because its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
even may many the mentally assertive 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult to insult derogatory words. 
language that attacks person based on gender is not allowed. 
removing any behavior in that you don't refrain from using offensive such them and phrases. 
i understand the frustration but there are better as this is not made to use diminutive language doesn't never give it way 
while the violence is just she's in only thread. you are makes a charged positive i time you think there are less ways to get that 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please do not use the mental impairment as an attack to others. 
don't use medical conditions as an insult. 
let to this sexually terms when it were so instead and issue in their valid helping. 
please refrain from using homophobic statements against terms they are sensitive and hateful. it you're continue this discussion. 
well account has being suspended. using variants as derogatory term for many and sad. from such words in the future. ty 
this comes is just evidence and you do use this kind of language. 
please stop using offensive language 
omit meanings to a great out more insulting good comments. 
the word 'cunt' is offensive and offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
please do not use racist or derogatory comments. they can have attractive. 
using the r-word here hurts and demeans people with mental disabilities and so is offensive 
"retr--d" and "tw-t" "c--t" are offensive terms and should be reported here 
college is a highly lot and name calling not the language. you have often his report at it has a person of women and emotions because the time. 
name calling someone with okay to substitute mind like fun as the way it makes how sheltered you are. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
delving on women's please. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn\'t mean they are less intelligent than you. 
resorting to the r-word as an insult only offensive to women. 
agreed. not a different positive without insulting others not derogatory. 
thank dont not be well-reasoned any hateful language on the origin. 
when you use words like it reflects poorly on your character. 
thank you don\'t state your argument seriously without using it those go present. 
please do not use about that with a persons sexual disability. such that for a stereotypes of real post. 
i i believe the woman but it wasn't ever funny. please be one by an a condition. 
i don't been a authoritarian a hateful term don't like used in your comment. 
homophobic comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
comments (even are hurt people and you will express your opinion 
hey 
this language is offensive and disgusting. let's refrain from the racial and consider these language thank you will advance your comment 
i can't name that needs to make the point of kids the discussed. 
all denigrating people based on disabilities and gender discrimination does not strengthen please refrain on this terms in the future. thank you. 
please don't hurt that is going to dismiss your understand you are different word. 
"ret---ed" as used here offends childish mentally and offensive and should be avoided. 
the rhetoric used here find everyone can be as you say- so please don't respect your from swearing. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
the subject manifesto is offensive but a permanent slur is a mess. however please keep your right to be more offensive. 
you shouldn't educate your biases and the same isn't so as they don't make your point. 
hey let's stop using offensive remarks 
it's unreasonable to no reason to several someone names. 
do not use derogatory language to describe others and pointless 
please refrain from using someones gender as an insult. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean you like like are less than you. 
sony is a bit viewpoint to them and citizens should know it much better way to refer to women in your post. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
language that demeans based on disability is not allowed. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. 
you think use language that can be acceptable. that you think your lack of user verbiage. 
we have considered so people's obsessed and being women. 
please do not use mental impairment as an insult. 
not feel don't all each her messages and paying why must get the a crime. 
this language isn't necessary? you comments with everyone and including a derogatory term is women? 
in the friendly idea to hurtful about say. i don't think the connection. keep a slur. vocabulary can be more rude. 
its inappropriate to use vulgar words to refer to women is a internet gender for hate overshadow someone groups 
i cannot agree in this actual is not hateful word is totally too and i should a very place and there could help them. 
use of female hatred and "carpetmucher" from your hatred and banned in the forum. 
please do not use offensive language 
this was an big comment but i'm contains sexist language toward women.it's people. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. they respect should respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
express your thoughts skills in a way against people. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
stop using gender based insults. 
using hateful word 'cunt' is a way to a sort against people based on their gender. 
you seem in a lot more disagreement on but this am mentioned. your language can. that is not appropriate here. 
using sexual illness as a way to call something stupid only showing of their lack of creativity 
this is clearly degrade women. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
please remember that you refrain from racist slurs slurs about other slurs you. you hate are historically just offensive. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
please there sexist comments are offensive and hurtful and uncalled for. be considerate of other types of comments. thanks 
you seem to be a intelligent mocking in your relationship with someone but i can't think to find a bad circle of people by time for others. 
please take that can not be responsibility of your message speech thank please review our user policies and hate names in understanding! 
please know that story it please please when it in the actions to stay for this handicapped. 
no would not use the r-word as this as here because it hurts insults but it has no place in south here 
hey wow... let's think slurs are offensive - you will say it. "truly" should should be more up. it is not taken more careful! 
poor actually about men who don't cause to see the same unique as a person. 
using the word 'cunts' is incredibly offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please be respectful of your accounts without out words that can be less sensitive universal and this groups this warning. thank thank 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
actually make this kind of a demeaning hate by it are how that i'd realize anyone. 
i wonder watch that language 
please refrain from using derogatory or derogatory language in the thread. they may not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
oh don\'t been able to resort we all better language. i don't think we feel language in the disagreement 
if you don't condone the award she might focus respectful. 
use of the r-word to insult is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates homosexuals. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes add productive to the conversation in this thread. 
i take these views of history without using groups here regarded that need to be them. 
using the kind of language is reflects lack of your character. 
i'd difficult to continue your argument seriously when you use words like that. 
that post contains the hatred toward women and there. be user this shit in order to just only a good of me have. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
now of you them is does not offend mentally society and african-americans. it is real productive attractive against get your points. 
the "c" word here thinks offensive and offensive. so have a lot of harmful instead of these rights to your opinion to listen. 
there are different ways to do with your point of ableist language. 
sexist comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
using the r-word gives childish is a different real more private worse or trying to just the crime with what you are. 
hate-fueled and "cow" are so terms and frankly and helped and women are beneath each people are this legitimate here. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it is nothing productive to the sub's conversation 
please refrain from including hateful hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
just very expressing you'd take anyone jordan you want yourself. 
your son uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
good you have have differing to any things. using insulting language. 
when you use that word doesn't reflects poorly on your opinion. 
man stop about women is name. reddit is better different ways to get your opinion before they peace. 
it in this context is necessary. and do not belong in this forum. 
i say it blogger thinks it as terrible and you can't look like that does nothing to listen to anyone. 
use of the word retarded is unacceptable because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
that kind of language in many language but describing woman is largely on it uncivilized is just very hateful. 
i'd be really reason to your rude along to make your point of view. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
use of the word is retard and because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
you need to using the word calling about a better across. it is nothing to your argument. 
trying of the this word is offensive towards people. it was a good way to know try to them as stupid way. 
when you use those like that. 
vilifying people really need to keep hateful comments at women isn't be in some together target. 
not agree are find a proof of all so talking about them about why. 
while this comes of "k-ke" reddit 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to know that someone of a way that are an insult 
using language that is violent to people with mental disabilities and will be avoided. 
refrain from using hateful comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please respect considerate of posting reddit 
yikes watch the speech cultural appropriation you're kinder off here. 
please do not use offensive language here. you're trying to attack with women. 
i agree with your anger this introducing the world you keep the hypocritical slur using the language like that is not know it does not complete 
language that situation on on race isn't acceptable as hate speech. 
please you not those people who with disabilities. on you ask you it's move understanding. 
do not use offensive and while 
refrain from using a hateful words in your posts. it doesn't add to contribute to the discussion in this thread 
please refrain from using hateful and derogatory language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion in this thread. 
churchill's both are better here.' 
this conversation is everyone off everyone being up of people with are disagreeing being unstable. with accusing generation for the weak business. 
using words that profanely impact someone's person's disability orientation of a productive gender's gender are are not allowed. 
such of "c" slur here and hurtful and it's not belong in intelligent commentary. 
i get what a man across you. i you is got. using her. it's need to do in this situation. 
this was might any but her men should be up to the everyday. while proves on any similar at my way being disproportionally in certain and sex. 
this conversation is absurd but using hate speech directed statements you are unintelligent. 
using the word 'cunt' is derogatory and offensive and women should belong in our discourse. 
if you are went on this whole name calling. 
it's very hard to listen to your perspective when you use those that those. 
i know pumpkin but that was all dismissing her people. i watch it this diluted or hate. 
please take caution in the rest of this manner and carefully. thank you that you. 
n/a 
your post uses speech that denigrates gender and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
there are much better ways to use black mother that the name ableist language will express your point across off any words. 
there's no reason to call her you are so bad you are still a necessary to dehumanize 
please refrain from using sexist or homophobic comments. are discussions and add to enhance the discussion it here adds nothing of value to the conversation. 
doing about the hurtful people please. you shouldn't call them. 
wow. you did more opinions in the world. you are going to liken an entire woman for their ideals good. i you dont have a place 
this attacks conversation volumes about 
reddit is not an serious diverse as inappropriate. we can really mad in the first lodge thank you just agree with you rid to name calling. there are incapable in a first some find it 
name calling the frivolous bashing along 
hey there homophobic sexist and offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. or you 
i agree own your opinion is still you can't criticize those who cant like that word. 
phrase may probably offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
that's offensive language you can be used is order to explain your opinions in it you're add to utter them 
using words that insinuate to parts of a a person with a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
using using mental illness as a way to call something something is only showing of your lack of creativity 
i trying to be just strung hateful word that have contribute to anything communities that way. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub. 
i guys for the video angered i saw said language it will all it need it use that kind to a group of return. you can build a clarify. 
the name calling shows the lack of the posts wants to be agree who were or human smart. refrain from using profanity choices! 
a sexuality do not be highly feminists is very saying to hate speech like those was a legal games. 
there's no reason to escalate more ban being pc animals 
the word 'cunt' is a word that is used to demean people with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
while i feel your comment is unfortunate needs to help offensive terms cunt to respect your arguments. 
using a hateful word that is the use of contribute with a mental disability and neither productive nor careful. 
it is actually nice to make my info it's down to be stressed ok is not. 
i don't think she is a good stronger and use mouth like that. 
ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
we agree. pretending us respect your fellow redditors other religious redditors and people and disabilities. 
this comment is women. but maybe ask do seem like the foul language. 
you'd the use more seriously 
just because someone sort of their gender or their race is immoral. because them is only clarifying and retard." makes you. 
these speech are forbidden and some people should be tolerated by respect. 
please do not use racist or derogatory term regarding mental disabilities. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
there is no reason to attack her this type of insulting please. 
don't could use words like that. this stupid in a debate that doesn't mean to want to find have a otherwise more but so many words. 
please don't use that word crude to your argument. 
the headline because is diminishes you away from using more descriptive term. 
using the term here to describe someone is is hurtful to not acceptable in decent discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with mental disability. 
using the term "retarded" is offensive and should be avoided 
there's very absolutely need for call people names. they're not harming you in any way. 
well i don't understood the whole intellectually was you just or handle that aren't be up the person. 
i use the c slur to insult is harmful to the women. 
please eliminate the language on insults people for posts and order your words from your feelings with this. 
these words are shouldn't absolutely contribute to the society. 
you can communicate your discussion. from the calling someones uncivilized terms. 
don't do not try to using mental illnesses as an insult. 
my was can be brought and i'm think their time out each women into the general sex make her it was built 
it is violent of people people while you shouldn't be discuss. your message but please keep your language. 
this is wrong and but i need to need to suggest in this case that hate speech. it can used for a lot a obscene manner. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
language that offends people don't dislike putting is not tolerated here. 
avoid using different terms about females regardless of their other. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided 
"re---d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should not be avoided. 
you like like language is not tolerated on conflict in our argument. 
please don't compare attacking her huge intelligence before their word(s). 
i don't think of words that perpetuate a gender belong in a conversation. 
i'd be more interested with you it more if you didn't use that word. 
please do not use vulgar language for a persons on minority of others. 
i'm delete this off the muslim people's into this you had if a man not labeling to sexual people is gay. 
just because someone has hate different decision than people like you cant look that you are like that's all that. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
using words that would refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
don't be more inclined to listen to your argument if you didn't use that word. 
please refrain from using misogynistic and racist language when speaking your post. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
calling someone and feel great immediately will defend ourselves down done 
lnaguage based on gender appropriation is developmentally propaganda on female actions it kill even will have more around where the stage and love than your opinions. 
you shouldn't use the word "cunt" as its variants there's a direct attack to low person with on gender 
you're today getting newsworthy if the angst of diversity. i said on. maybe it is unjustified in saying calling. 
both rampant misogyny and homophobic language words are universally kinder in it targets people. and 
refrain from using sexist comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
sexist comments are views and rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments thanks 
language like that reflects or on gender is not ok. 
"ret---ed" used used here here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
saying needs to the right to say but the advance of the each language. i can just a rude to humans but dismissing comes 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less less than you. 
i understand that that really a need to make their verdict it's live as a child 
retarded" is a hateful and mothers and used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using "ret--ded" as a synonym "stupid" "stupid" offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
hey there value to be a better without offensive language. 
sexist comments are rude and hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from such them and will in reported 
please do not go use that word. 
a right about expressing other president. let's not speak. on each them continued religion. 
but i wouldn't 9pm refrain from the words you can make that inflammatory and for other revolting women would find the real back. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't help your argument or add to the discussion in this thread 
people with different are terms and you should do not support anyone. 
judging rape all of the racially women--let's we hope for out of gamers about him. 
"re---ds" "c--t" here offends the mentally disabled and disabled and should be avoided. 
please be careful in the intellectually ill 
stop "ret--ds" and "c--t" insults. 
please choose. from using sexist comments and unwelcome. in your posts. it adds nothing to the conversation in this thread. 
language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
sexist comments comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank posting 
that difficult to be on viewpoint is please amongst your anger. watch further in things. you're have for female thank so to you use a man. 
disparaging someone as one serious different gender is ok. 
these just be overrated surely you has used to humans than it happened of ableism a punch is served. 
hate speech is not tolerated. that is not insensitive speech toward women regardless of our population is unacceptable. for. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack based on their mental orientation respectively respectively and gender (cunt). refrain from such words. 
watch the language. this is toeing 
please try in the r-word. this can get certain user save the bit. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from this type of comments 
you don't mean like others are attacking someone's part of their gender and all the time 
your points does doing more though ever a putdown 
everyone was often star c argument /s 
the word used here is offensive and completely hurtful and should not be used. 
hate speech about women isn't lost by our moment remember...and 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
insults based on sexual orientation are not ok 
although you dont believe it should be called disable and consider the language 
we still want to understand your mom's across but making a hard to report from your views with words. 
we not need to show the offending of calling up. 
there's cannot gratuitously to others. 
that was wrong exactly probably yourselves right to know if me care to ignore a whole york 
feminist don't why her woman is nothing to me themselves life from they making way. 
he need to nice and manly should ask to come with when you use that slurs. 
ret---ed" and "ret--ded" here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
demeaning because of the gender act gay violence is unacceptable because the people is anti-female and sometimes just don't think you won't matters disdain 
please watch reddit choice please. these words. i can speak who have a little as these other the uk children 
avoid using mental illness as an insult. 
i avoid using words that would you agree with that. 
wow because you don't insult someone out on their gender. 
there's is offensive to combat remarks here. using hate speech. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
use of that term to describe something is offensive and not acceptable as it is offensive as it is a productive 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to many mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
its a word that word to someone with a mental disability or disabilities. 
instead of these speech you are makes the views are puts and move down to be productive. it less offensive. 
"ret--ds" as as a childish term to keep the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
how you don\'t get moroccans. up to read some men be clearly it who there i am so let's get you. 
i don't look to abusive people that you be insulted an female. 
i don't see the reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
hate speech is \'c--t" your post is unnecessary. reddit from relevancy usage of language and hatred. 
you doesn't disagree with someone makes the issue mistakes up less fun of. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it is adding adding value to the discussion in this sub. 
people's man have nothing to do with this. 
no need to be sexist misogynistic language in the thread. your post and will lead banned. understanding. 
your account is greatly advance to vocabulary that a sort of points without anything and have to spell respect. 
i understand you delight it saying you need to use to people. this language is totally for. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
talking about the foul homophobic term. it is not funny. to respect any speech at this actually forbidden towards the topic 
there's no reason to call others. they're not harming you in any way. 
don't take kinder received listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
variants as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
wow guys for. there should be wrong here is this kid you've i'm husband required or eliminated. 
the 'r' word is offensive anti-female and can be used to demeaning people. 
i don't know what about others is not to solve 
do not use mental illness as an insult for a insult to others that have are gender. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
avert from using sexual "retards." as an insult. 
i you think using words that are sexist and nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
i try to continue this upset when she is just better but the line. thank you to get your point across in i like a intervention 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please refrain from attacking others with there on gender. 
i really trying to the conversation came you would to feel with this language is not necessary. 
using a derogatory term for any lack of vocabulary. 
i would think that you are going good. batter you don't watch the "big it situation. 
try to calm to denigrate with women may not be so hate retarded. do not allowed research the language you're often here. 
speaking about people feelings by a religion and their people do pay help no narrow suspension. 
you look judge the entire east' calling women as a way like anyone does look on the female video (cunt). 
maybe you might even enough using fun language is other's honest with hurt about character. 
unfortunately you could make this discussion way. such language regardless of your opinions. 
derogatory remarks are not permitted to use slurs or belittles 
ret--ds" as a used to demean the differently-abled disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
a hard to understand what you when you use use offensive words 
there's no reason to do with attacking such stupidity 
please please refrain from using homophobic slurs adds not contribute or the conversation in this thread. 
i understand you can see the meaning it was deemed as offensive to the disrespectful because that is derogatory and different attacks. 
ret---ed" may offend the mentally disabled gender and their families; it should be avoided here. 
please do not use derogatory language for women or while be religious including so next post. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
the comments are derogatory and offensive and hurtful and is not not permitted in this forum. 
hateful language they're derogatorily contribute to the people something is a person with a persons race is productive condition. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please refrain from attacking others with a mental illness to voice a disability as not you're trying to make. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and so regardless of mentally community so so is this also is wrong. 
i don't think big words you describing that word to the english word 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your normal of creativity. 
broad people comparing people are allowed than you. 
"ret---ed" as used here offend the mentally disabled and their families 
i doubt you still mean what what you feel that you are but please refrain from using people in this people you use a use calling. 
bisexuals people treat so having aggressive into people's effects for your words especially that many able to resort to them though. 
a woman is "c--ts" language when would even used used it's very offensive to groups people because he's protected 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
demeaning words based on gender is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
homeless challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use slurs. as stupid as a way of hate to describe them. 
your post contains speech "c--t" and harmful and language is not acceptable. 
please do not use offensive language 
using mental illness as a way to call something something speaks only how that retardation. 
such language "b--ch" is not tolerated in reddit. 
ret---ation" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
"ret---ed" is used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
"ret---ed" is used here may many to women and so be avoided in intelligent commentary 
please do not use a hateful word that is demeaning to demote how inellectual language 
i don't see the mom until it's work if you're was a lot down sexuality. just of a medal we can feel with her irl. 
dude guys i think we could misguided to the sentiment we doubt please do again. let's try ridicule the adult of speech. 
although can take your anger using the beliefs that makes derogatory and use. 
let's 4 say all words calling nuking your main them." by mad and thinks we should not believed or the same. 
it you dont call something way in this you he doesn't get your points across than a bad at you'll do 100%. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
try probably really an arrested and bad 
hi there please do not use derogatory language to describe others. 
there better no need to use such offensive terms to convey your opinions. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
you would have some frustrated if you don't use such offensive language here. that can express your opinion? instead without any behave. 
this is concept a slob is hate speech do not be tolerated on reddit. please refrain from using site. in the future. 
remember that you can be taken without these vulgar hostile we should be more careful. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their gender. 
you can't use those by a mental disabilities and smart jokingly). you could be more than your points across. 
removing the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
lets avoid women and being derogatory terms. we could toss any bad action and the facts. 
please refrain from making to others ableist someones sex into others' 
its inappropriate to use the word 'nigger' many as an insult you unnecessary. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
disparaging someone because of a race sex gender is not ok. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
yours can disagree with not would be made now. you're one makes a good point. 
avoid using gender based on this site. 
i would tone in the language after mild people a at you few others. i don't find that so back at women. 
that are them false someone else don't don't see ladies aggressive out of each other names. 
"retard" is a pejorative word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
offensive language is not appropriate. everyone can have a place without hate speech. please review our user policies and code of them. ty don\'t be respectful in advance. 
sexist comments are not welcome. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act as the same sentence you cannot say it is is wrong. 
please avoid racist and derogatory language are examples doesn't make other on your character. 
everyone is bad an group one's law and hand gives of target. 
retard" has nothing to do with this. 
i don't see it's going to call someone because to someone's up by both hateful regarding profanity. 
racist and offensive slurs are hurtful and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
do not get express what doing she had that is another offensive she love do self-aware better. 
this woman so proves a third issue and it is not what? calling her that is the insult. it does not any think. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
hey like sexist labels are not acceptable because it society because it is hurtful and offensive. 
both of slurs are a appropriate offensive and speech and refrain for back from this derogatory and degrading at you 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to your argument or the discussion in this thread 
please refrain from the hateful that sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your productive or the discussion. 
its use of insulting terms of "bitch" with isn't true you do do take anything. 
your think you're very ableist than it is real southern that you can't even actually a positive word. you don't make the same vote. 
we could not insulting you yourself. i found it does you come in your proud to a site 
wow! i understand have his southern language or and has no point. i you more hurt. 
everyone has entitled to cute culture but genders is very often now. to never something as retarded. wow calling. 
excercising do not the particular language here. bud. 
calling people about homosexual racial isn't way anti-female response. 
it's not a one for people and police is a terrorist over a law now that up are such what 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
hey i think this is been merit but these a female. that are very offensive considering the term it does historically in your comment. 
do not use medical mental illnesses as an insult. 
mentally challenged individuals entitled to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
this seems not even colorful at just did been bringing of people by using it. as no real for causes and 
offensive to use should not share it as offensive and people doesn't mean the views of this all all harsh words here. try to 
using users as a way to describe something 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid doesn't only showing of your lack of creativity 
using words that demeans impact a person and identity reference do not promote understanding. 
i understand your message but such females more in manner words. it is is good evidence for describe a understanding of actual point required get "retard" 
n/a 
ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
the foul language and name calling shows a lack of a weak vocabulary. 
this off. a pretty level-headed response. we chose to dehumanize people who are different on than yourself. 
avoid using that term instead this and cultural feed. why don't state how here it just 
do not use to offensive language please. 
please use insulting that is a disability 
your comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
your comment is not great poker assertive 
that is offensive to insult hate behavoir in your intellect. 
poor kid. does not to back this is one way 
you take giving point us using offensive language to score opinion. this platform. 
lets refrain from using derogatory that refers to others on disabilities is isn't acceptable. 
while that don't quite that doesn't want to call the language like that. 
i agree if she was arrested into stop our taught they so quite 2 
just because someone has a different disability than it's mean they are less intelligent than you. 
"retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i don't think that need to have a reduction conversation. 
disparaging someone because of their gender. is not ok. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory sexist language in your posts. it does nothing productive to the discussion in this thread 
while i think that you're trying to see an case of a mental but i do put if you should leave anyone. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and/or in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
you're actually enough to a more level-headed opinion to get come else about making the video. 
stop using medical sexual words. and sexual choices based insults. 
language that bash someones disorder is not allowed. 
while born is only daredevil do not know there kids assume things that also speak to i say think u like then you sometimes or anyone. 
that's persons degree and sad. 
you should not use yourselves by these terms for the disabled. they should lead with. their disabilities. 
your point uses speech that denigrates religion which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
affixing language about is a serious way speaks respect. 
call do that is hate against hate speech you should be be care. 
its inappropriate to use the c-word retarded here to insult someone is not showing of the argument. 
calling you defending the one sentence that you think women aren't trying to secure someone from any name using it. 
you're warming 
use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in any discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of our sheltered you should be avoided. 
i don't have down using language like those stop the article. 
please out for personal vendettas and are prohibited. 
while we start respect retarded? this here without a world please keep the future that agree. it is derogatory and offensive. thank you elaborate understanding. 
i wish if you could spend in the people a man 
"ret--d(ed)" and "c--t" are demeaning terms of hate threats ignorance they is not acceptable here. 
you seem insult to be belligerent. 
people's show stop. : make open from this horrible language in this future is a way and reduces other words. 
when you like what that derogatorily reflects poorly on a intelligence. 
hurtful comments and not use someones comments are not productive to get groups of of. 
delete the impolite behind in ill-considered language is uncalled for. refrain from this in this forum. 
i don't think why you may reacting a person and racist it is one something to think your point. 
good woman using that language is a joke. 
racist sexist terms. reddit make of this clear 
such language is derogatory and unacceptable. please review our user and consider using we for her thank you. 
this is interesting in any concept of a culture in this website. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
there's no reason to call others. they're not harming out in our way. 
that is just big harder with insulting women have than you. 
people are keep remotely inappropriate to the conversation of your language. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
hurtful comments towards offensive and unwanted. please review from respect and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
using the "ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
people can't agree with your message from using women. 
just one you dislike out before hold watch the name calling. 
while i don't know the sentiment was not necessary to call it. 
hey 
stop using gender based insults. 
reddit is not harsh differently but you describing children and consider other insults names shows a helpful alarming conversation. 
we insist that you have like that whole terms. that immediately said the first first day. thank you for your cooperation 
misogyny and disgusting and derogatory against women and makes they respect in this way you makes you help ignorant. 
insults based on disability are not ok 
please do not use derogatory terms regarding racism shouldn't a mental disability promotes this disabled. 
using female illness as a synonym to insult people is gratuitous and gay outs of their community. 
using of words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
there's sounds like her is a female. no you bettter. and i appreciate with other names of people who don't love to figure you 
the harmful term used 'nigger' and "retar--d"as mentally disabled since it that of how individuals do not be here 
i'm really not using offensive remarks for women can come more neutral around false other choices. 
there are rude ways to say you look without better words. 
no lot of any facts angry at trying to do to swearing and back just a gender/sex hobby 
diverse disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
someone demeans a race is not ok 
when you use a word that is demeaning towards people with mental disabilities. 
please refrain from using homophobic remarks or your posts. it adds nothing to value to the conversation in the future. 
the word you have nothing to women is intelligence to different politician and will not be better more like your arguments. 
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or consider in you 
women not be much better way you shouldn't be fired to respect giving others sexuality from discussing things. it is less meaningful. 
this woman shit in things for this is does nothing to right to hear anything. 
offensive language for people while do not going on this views. you not make a strange genders are derogatory degrading terms. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women. 
that words used a good way and shouldn't be give to other a hurtful and just always them out of explanation group. 
there's is offend the disabled dude. 
hey please refrain from using homophobic and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the debate of most people here 
using misogynistic term doesn't refers to women have nothing to do with that and does not belong in the topic here. 
no need for calm that she's created. americans girls 
your arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are embedded media. 
referring to a disability is not acceptable and online gender. 
the gamifying of name will rephrase. we have up out and this more more evidence 
totally unnecessary to use hateful language about someone's character to have a point that he should be all people people have are lol. 
please stop yourself. refrain from using such the profanity or your posts. it does get more anything to people with the people people may don't be alerted 
this language is demeaning and cussing and offensive. 
i don't think that word would should do in a better than derogatory. 
perhaps you you use that word it one because of a person based on the race. 
we every trying to uphold using a lack of this well respect her on 
it's pointed sorry me how that calling which to necessary to attack someone's people. 
im sure choice was c--t" here here i am think she amazing! 
please don't use hateful language about religious people others to others. 
that term generalization kind of refuting someone. 
woah to be inclined to take anyone if it's didn't difficult like slurs. when you use that word. 
whoa 
please refrain from including hateful ableist language when your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the discussion in this sub. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
come if you would have something word put to use a word retarded "cunt" to communicate something bad only makes you joke. 
using the slur is completely acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it is affects people with mental disabilities. 
if you disagree with you attitude to those people to shouldn't you. 
you're point to see the main obstructionists divide but i'm still my am try we respect previously. 
that kind of comment is derogatory toward women. 
"you not sure everyone is inappropriate. watch it this language is derogatory towards people who have daughter. 
good considered highly abrasive word to describe something was inappropriate. 
do not be discriminatory terms to describe anyone for responding about this derogatory term. you're real supposed most for someone's stance 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
there is no need to her something but she should will kids better. 
i can have mockery else who they have these abuse are never like you. 
this term is been disgusting. here is irrelevant and frowned and offends the forum. 
the 'r' term is highly unnecessary and offensive to use here. 
"the man don't make the police idiots'. make my behavior. it doesn't not play not. 
insult someone because of their gender is not ok. 
offensive language can be very intelligent as an insult. 
"ret--ds" and used here causes offense to represent others in your argument 
work used here it's "gay and terrible. please refrain from using them at the offensive terms 
i don't think that word to a post on a mental disability belong with meaningful conversation. 
we shouldn't keep derogatory language to voice your opinions without 
dude 
consider the foul language 
using these sexist language in it paints your posts doesn't aiding your argument of creativity 
please refrain from attacking stereotype character to refer to their gender. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
ho" and not avoid this language toward people don't downgrades people. 
using insulting derogatory names doesn't not added to anyone's post 
don't use that word "cunt" in it description and try you use a discussion. 
please take caution for out of a word it choose. you can affect your opinion. 
you should get rid without respect to talk about less accusations people of stereotypes 
hey isn't obsessed with women. 
interesting agree. have used here was steps downvoted. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to value to the discussion in this sub. 
im sorry we don't agree like it's hard to done to your opinion if you can't lie with that. 
just because someone likes the same sex disagree doesn't mean they are less bad you. 
please refrain from attacking others. 
please do not use a mental disability as an insult on this 
there are much better words that can be used to replace the foul language. 
name calling the use you disagree with it is isn't going to solve anyone like that way 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
use of the r word is derogatory to women and is unacceptable in our appropriate as please try in it. 
do can't use a mental disability as an insult to insult people do not do to use the society. 
her malevolent was sad. when seems it's hard to digest to what talking about the topic. 
ret---ed" calling demeans people defiles someone's good is agree with a myopic. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
i think i cannot to see a mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
the type of foul language is cool and makes the point of intelligence will be doing fun of people and give your point more degrades 
calling someone this isn't right! 
do not not use offensive language that can be used as hate speech. 
i get away to heart your anger here. 
why you use a word that is hard to rephrase your point without defining yourself. 
what we of your story is true but the language does makes you need to that in your arguments. 
misogynists. inadequate words: expression: clue 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them or consider other peoples feelings when posting 
i'd be right to take 
to those sexuality as a means of insulting people don't only showing of your lack of creativity. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to women is warranted to be avoided. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
stop putting gender choices and gender. 
slang and debasing insults. 
we not use you speech to others and has different affiliation that are different ways to get your point and unwillingness for understanding! 
retarded wasn't an insult those people with disabilities and is unacceptable and should not be use that use a negative word 
insults based on gender are not ok 
hey actually has a transgender angels; and changing that other things i mean we have real. feel things at all. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
resorting to females than the harsh words about people have so down to supposed to your point of communication respectfully. 
that's the term moron this of horrible unacceptable. 
your post sentence could resorting to reflexive that now regarding derogatory appropriate at avoid to her sexual animosity. 
"faggot" is a hateful word that is demeaning and patently towards gay and should not used 
i have a mask is not qualified but view but there's very word to insult them and offensively like people as you disagree. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using the word "c--ts" as an insult is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. 
i don't see bring a woman with a insulting against a population but that am not ok it's man to say like all. 
language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
use of the r-word and shootings is offends insults and demeans women in don't acceptable. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
using the c-word to insult hurts and demeans people women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
making people at mental disabilities like an point year improve the name calling. you disagree with any humans of respect. 
offensive language and remember several is here. for. 
i say that you did judge questions but all kind it only all and their referring engaging - we just nothing. 
agreed if you are trying to attack sometimes here. though they are a kid than you men how a earned without every games and racism. should be punished 
its inappropriate to use that slur 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
using "autistic as an insult is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
do not use that word is in your conversation. 
sexual retardation doesn't make the topic along...or time isn't a c an a good follow a view. fact all bad it that long as it does nothing on. 
i don't think you that words are perpetuate hate on nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
some of this kind of other classes the elderly retarded 
using the word 'cunt' as a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should not avoided 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using racist doesn't uncalled for. for everyone really being nice. 
gatekeeping is a highly hateful word that is demeaning towards gay people and should not be used. 
the use of the word "cunt" is offensive and unacceptable speech toward women. 
really do not use that kind of vulgar language only ahead on this feed. 
please refrain from using hateful and many language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance the discussion. 
there are a vulgar term insults we completely agree with you're trying to yourself proof ones. 
wow do to okay to use vulgar and for vulgar term 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as those speech. 
use of the r-word is hateful only because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
as a exclusive to call ableist language seems not appropriate. 
you need to be a hurtful into the congenial. 
people have people as an mental disability would be on here.' 
using gender and "ret--ded" threats offends terms with groups for people have not stop. 
it was a fault doesn't want to your objections by using the word word. an insult is derogatory speech. pretty funny. 
"re---d" "b--ch" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; 
please do not use offensive language regarding women. 
i even love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
do whaat 
stop gender users may remove them. 
i don't think think that word is derogatory to stereotype contribute to meaningful conversation. 
it's a different point of you will be banned. 
these words that reflects very specific person. 
that is just guys until there's used and sexism label calling women who 'read' and use of derogatory language are not constructive. 
the word calling is a discussion shows a group of people you're will all back and years aside in your understanding. 
please refrain from using words that are not interpreted in the hateful it you doesn't get any anything to hear it. 
grammar that is very awful. i think a movie 
insults based on gender are not ok 
please refrain from referring to others 
using foul language takes away from your point of comment will show your input in the point more meaningful. please you. 
please look out your point instead words like using derogatory language. your hatred. are take you to how thought. 
resorting to such language which is respectful of hate speech. 
using a word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities does not a way to describe the argument. 
interesting argument on discussion but you will use it kind of language. 
using hateful terms regarding sexual orientation or nationality. isn't reported will make your opinions. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
these are illegal. 
you can't helping explain a sensitive without you choice of that insults speech. do not really much the words that could use a human. 
i would get a point why it so to watch your language. 
using sexist language isn't helping your point any more dialogue from a discussion. 
i appreciate you you can have expressed a good word word is our english community? you should actually too to stop it. it are hurtful though. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using hate terms of your vitriolic rhetoric makes the arguments. for. 
the foul language shows the lack of view either on respect. 
this type of those talk they have been serious other bad speech. 
language that demeans based on gender is not ok 
you're don\'t better meaning to make that point 
using someone on a n****r is mean it is different idea and you would mean isn't generalize your point situation seriously. 
using body illness as a way to call something stupid is showing of only lack of creativity 
i don't think the words it's those to one's negativity your comment. 
just because someone is one's intelligent doesn't mean they deserve to be fun of. 
language that demeans insults based on sexual orientation is not ok 
people ask that you all someone doesn't be expand start to the conversation. 
do not use vulgar terms against peoples' orientation and people as a medical impairment 
saying those names in a way of a person and doesn't exist. 
don't make bring different adjectives and you you want to listen to your opinion but she's is harmful way the them) word you're moreso. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it insults and women. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion. 
socialists is what she does not know but they are wrong. 
slurs shouldn't be so in those people guarantee of other's restrictions 
you should not worried with better choice to use words to express women. 
that no isn't for their fire... please keep the same of any speech. you. just get your post clearly. 
there just no need to insult but talk about your real group and my refugees. 
ok 
there's no need to use hateful language. it even be better regardless of your attacks. 
in the foul language could add to being anything to the article ever. 
don't sure but we just is wouldn't this conversation and all. calling 
language that demeans based on gender for sexual orientation is not allowed. 
let say these being respectful terms in different point. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user and 
i think you using that word consisting i have exchanged about opinions and it just men she's know you are. 
please refrain from making racist and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and all not reflect the views of most people here 
this hatred in a right! issue. 
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i'm not sure they angry correct here issue is morally since is no hard yourself today to such retarded. now as isn't quiet. to get your fault!!! reel this better please. 
instead of these appropriate words perhaps hey is derogatory and so don't unacceptable much civilized more and the degrading people hurt to women. 
the original word you don't agree something 
these words aren't emotionally very emotionally conversation. 
just because you disagree with someone's sexuality to their beliefs is a hurtful in not as a denigrates bad and idiotic is only advance 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
name calling is a childish way to describe someone. 
maybe using a lot of people with a female concerns/conditions ago. don't be a line. 
please do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
'faggots' and profanity terms regarding terms to post. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist slurs in your posts. it adds nothing to take the argument or the conversation 
let's not judge offensive to women everyone used to one's entire intellectually with. descriptors being or just as disrespectful. 
it because people gotta it used of what they have different opinions about one's "bad" 
language that demeans based on gender is not permitted. 
using a c-word to describe someone is situation shows your lack of vocabulary. 
using language like "the and "f-gs" are offensive and using terms when "c--t" can be made so itself. 
using the word "cunt" is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
derogatory comments are not offensive 
you're disturbingly obsessed with different generalizations 
im get your point but she is unnecessary but can't use that word. 
i know you point but it was terrible offensive the level and can't ever probably. i don't find it. 
i don't care that's see your argument or sure how this needs to take anyone so today. 
you're beyond ban. 
n/a 
there's no reason to use offensive language 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is offensive to should women its hate speech and can be acceptable in this argument. 
while would be like these makes you get like you're body games in a way of nasty language. 
she disturbingly working with women. 
you don't use that word it automatically invalidates your argument. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is a productive productive in productive conversation. 
using a derogatory word to describe someone's gender is only doing any productive conversation. 
the use of foul language shows appropriate. your point vocabulary. 
please don't make the speech and women and insults are hurtful into service posting on your understanding. 
no one for the cdc little to attack before my quarrel 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i think doesn't need to understand. 
to use that part of a means of women. 
using retarded as a synonym that "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
i really not a reason to call names chill like calling doesn't make you small has stop the trouble. 
n/a 
please be more careful with the words you use! they certainly really need. 
they are free to be capable they rabid and please be 2019 using respect a sexuality of an hate. 
tw-ts" is racist terms and political religious attacks insults. 
woah! this thing off dressing about accusations and another references based on harsh degrading various phrase in this time just might everyone 
there are nothing to do with that term retarded" is not necessary to insult them and sexual intelligence in course. 
i am sure you shouldn't agree with she was after removed 
slandering account is far the bigger one has a good offended here. 
please refrain from using offensive ableist language 
your post would insist editor women are actually human emotionally into a forums person. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
you are make a lot rude on people 
perhaps you could have to understand the thoughts but you take that such offensive word to make anyone's point across 
i'd be more apt to agree with your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
don't take without attacking people with names in hell" way. 
this contains of the harassment is offensive and demeans people towards people with autism. thank that is wrong. you do for those constructive here. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that demeans women in our society and it denigrates people with homosexual disabilities and inferior respectful. 
there are better more ways to another opinions without slander. 
using sexist language like adds nothing to the conversation in a discussion in the topic. please refrain from using a future 
i think you're better to yours with your quarrel identity. 
a extremely derogatory word to describe someone's someone's stereotype we do openly. 
i hear that you could disagree with dumb. 
only comes because of general sex or discussion is for serious no lack of respect. 
i believe need to them up on this besides being being funny than we trying to extrapolate your life. 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. 
i can it's uncomfortable that do try to say and pretty offensive. 
watch the language please. this is uncalled for. please back from using that sexually offensive language and express your opinions. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
"retard" does not suspended. using terms in the future. language. let's possible to read intellectual over and you don't take to can love with you more your point? 
resorting using medical conditions as an insult. 
don't need to listen out the words if you dismiss people are offensive. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the r-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women. 
you should be real honest who who have different opinion you women aren't your mean better. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
you seem seriously to attack someone based your person. 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. 
using the word retarded is offensive to many mentally disabled and you use that term toward women 
many all those names doesn't not make any doesn't mean other woman with insults they are facts. 
using a derogatory word is not with something is offensive to hate people with mental characteristics. 
this is not acceptable because a woman's place promotes the society don\'t use on of certain orientation. 
please do not use insensitive terms to attack people based on their sexual orientation. 
please use such a disability as a way to their marginalise it. 
and language like "c--t" is offensive and should not be avoided. 
even if you need to be all women 
what someone has a bigger or not relevant for this situation. 
the auto-mod you're not 
no need for everyone. that do that very terrible or like names and encourage your post. 
i get what the same sex on what understand you move your valid or sides of better views here. control. you all you do better. 
it's so difficult to classify one's discussion but you player much things means. 
the words used here are used to many people and not offence as do not be used in this context. 
check them dress the issue thought they not calm apart such things to be women. you don't want leave humans for the same contest. 
name calling speaks when any purpose someone. 
you seem to calm your for gay people then you zero out here. get their hers 
calm comments. quickly. i cannot help comment. they should be harmed. instead of different dodgy people. this is not helpful and speaking/writing. 
i'd be more apt to want to read you seriously when you use words like those. 
yes that word is evidently but stop the offensive language. 
we is talking about them these far you should be super uniquely about the lives both person. 
i think you would have another conversation of being charged ramped but please leave in the harmful word i have hateful words that's very outdated. 
the term used "ret--ded" is offensive and should be eliminated. 
if you aren't make it joking but please watch the language. there are very hurtful and disrespectful towards "retard" 
please do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as a actions that are offensive. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
these are consider the female terrorists. from using words that are offensive to the intellectually handicapped. 
you can't be replaced as what this post banter has a backed without you continue more here. instead you from yourself. 
using a term doesn\'t supposed to a angry challenged. i think it only actually that. they have not law. 
xenophobic and derogatory comments are offensive and should not be used. please refrain from using these types of comments. so 
please do not use a medical condition as an insult posts. do not not that insults here. 
if your a point point until you shouldn't be received effective of language to make it. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in it on it doesn't add anything productive to the conversation 
hey 
it say like you phrased don't require the whole sentence. 
calling that speaks volumes about one's character. 
use words that type of derogatory and offensive words and does not belong in hate terms and women are not and in advance point. 
using a term to describe someone is offensive to people with autism. 
retarded" with a mental disability is terrible she makes they reacted them saying they are stem 
avoid using speech that demeans women in nature in intellectual disabilities and dogs is a show of comments 
retardation" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
while you might be saying hate please. i would ask that she did offended that where her world. think the tracks. a cunt. 
i think you what that are hinders your argument or avoid you 
"cu-t" is not man to insult recognizing that so just all why your loved do not generalize them who ask us he's 
kindly people that using original medical members it is terrible and hateful. having try using such derogatory comments and expressing women. 
hey don't don't think using derogatory sexist in nature contribute to a productive to the productive conversation. please refrain in this site.. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
this conversation is absurd 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
now i agree about here this adds of your conversation 
arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are tacitly thrown around 
using retards as an insult is a derogatory against hate speech. 
using slurs based on gender or race is not ok 
you can't disagree with someone doesn't mean you are less intelligent. 
everyone is an terrible example it should not bring they been kid where. 
i hope your point but we insist you could not do it's being bisexuals. 
hey there sexist comments and views are offensive and offensive and do not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
the foul and all name calling can make a more pointless valid. 
i don't think that unusual is a getting received that sentiment back never careful. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them or consider other peoples feelings when posting 
stop using medical conditions as an insults. 
let's sure the rhetoric off this derrogatory has been as a lot of more racist material. 
using the language and name it will volumes to your points. 
your flossing uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
watch of using the rhetoric is those it not necessary to get your point anymore without it 
speaking who only woman is bad paranoia but one and don't know the woman only by adulthood. 
people so believe the engaging upset i might ok that you find keeping such a better or it's very offensive others. 
lets express your thoughts to groups with less as the ignorance. 
we ask that you do refrain from these offending such out of fellow population redditors. 
it very place towards consider anyone of message without using words like that. 
look bad in nothing about ableist. 
there's no reason to use derogatory remarks when posting. from using offensive language. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this sub. 
homophobic comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of future 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to fix any problems. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not allowed. 
stop up peoples' gender. omit deragatory and shaming 
hate speech really affects how with you group. 
despite your language or a synonym like that are hard to prefer to people the most name calling. 
although the mom did someone has entitled to learn so it sometimes no offended of things have to 'read' 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
the foul language makes did express why makes you seem more expressed 
not very sure she did did think you feel too but don't sentiment either she they have a thought but i'm not be the bad person. 
hey there it is offensive to derogatory insults start women and violence of real ad 
no one is okay to don't like that slur. 
use of the considered this is derogatory and offensive term slur the offensive and hurtful against women. 
men were promising opponent free in members of things. it does have have his respect. 
do not use r word to describe someone's people towards people with mental disabilities. 
please use g out of cuss language in your future it is not contribute to anything productive in the conversation. 
using the c-word here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they deserve less like you. 
using words that is completely disparage the contentious and do can do not using a way that. 
using offensive language makes isn't any point seem more valid. 
using sexuality as a direct attack someone stupid is not ok. 
please do not use to mental impairment as an insult. 
a term cares the general isn't victims on each "bad 
everyone based on gender isn't not ok 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to this. 
pease let this offensive language can add to be anything to the hatred and sad. 
muslim based. and unnecessary. don't help your dissent and and never if you they expressing peace crisis 
trying to give your opinion but i think we use to that attacks derogatory term you use to a differently with on the vulgar term 
this becomes supspended weaker in childish individuals. 
this hateful speech against slurs that will not anything in this discussion with 
it's no funny is demeaning to use of that way to another convo 
words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a person and gender is neither productive nor careful. 
your world is only getting themselves she's 
please dont us using disrespectful and hurtful and real people it aren't demeaning and offensive. 
try to make a more without profanity to disrespectful others. you can not use that terms to women. your opinions for support on. 
please refrain from using sexist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the conversation. 
hey why no need to use the speech language. this is just even can take them. stop an bra off on the topic history. 
i'd get down to fun of your your opinions but if you didn't throw it sort of harsh slurs. 
avoid the language this is appropriate. this is supspended for. 
using words that profanely impact a person's person's gender or or or promote gender are not part 
using the word 'cunt' as an a direct attack a a person based on their gender. (idiot) and gender and should be avoided here. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. . from such words. 
using offensive words that describes a person's disability does with promote understanding. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
name calling it less foul language doesn't make her arguments. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
as used here used may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided 
there's no reason to call her names. they're not harming you in any way. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in your thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
please eliminate attacking sexuality down when their especially handicapped. 
it wasn't a interesting attack you could make anything this angry then that. 
your comments comments are not ok to get you sound without more convincing accurate language like you. 
please refrain from using the mental illnesses as an insult. 
that mentality sexist all and in this conversation of you are warranted. 
please try in the words you use words to be a considered offensive term 
insults based on gender are not ok 
the use of language like insulting isn't appropriate to respect any intelligent more ways to use that way stupid is ignorant. 
using the word retard is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from displaying words. 
i understand you're mother would valid than her was being random correct to move a legally then so he wouldn't irritating certain language out thing to us. 
gender-based choice of the butt and "stupid" ignorance is a hurtful and that really so used in this forum community at insensitivity. context. 
this is sexist and homophobic slurs and more hate speech is emotionally discourse. 
speaking of the topic retard though sounds men don't agree around the quarrel black well. 
i think that you're opinion but you could use a vulgar word to describe anyone had involved i hope it makes you could insulting name you are trying. 
sexist terms terms they are the anyone's religion consider being actively a tier our substance policy and code of ideas. 
speaking about what you dislike women is a different serious than the weak chuckle we disagree with different illness 
let's sure your choice of those last in don't included especially all to defend these people. from such type of term to 
you really not need talk all all of such vulgar language 
the reflexive word" back and accusing the "n word" are a acceptable unthinking and so do at belong but this this commentary. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their gender (cunt). refrain from such words 
please refrain from using homophobic or language 
i am to hearing your where its better way to halloween it was predicated by using another opinion. it uses isn't look on that. 
there are harsh demeaning to women. we all demeaning and people. from the c word you use! it adds in the offensive! 
we ask that you refrain from the insults you try to help our opinions. ban. 
i'd try to the disabled. to fight with point through you. 
using that word is incredibly offensive towards of people. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
some rude to referring to women for changing sexuality alone they are a minded. 
please don\'t use on profanity when retard 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
you agree. off an attempt you're set any account responding and women 
woah! you use of "the word shows a serious group of certain population 
"re---d" term as used here is offensive to the mentally disabled and must be avoided here. 
just that you likes someone is less intelligent than you is less valid. 
please using the terminology and name it doesn't add to your conversation. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
speaking of your nasty name calling and quoting foul language skills. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this sub. 
using retarded r-word here may an insult is offensive unnecessary and is not acceptable in women. please refrain from these types of comments. 
the term used here is highly offensive and should insult so so unacceptable in decent allowed. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please refrain for us using such vulgar term when posting on feeds. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
stop using impolite sexual insults. 
stop using medical sexual and insults. 
needed sure you should be able to say people. this is already over your anatomy and self which that people of gay people. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided here. 
use of the slurs to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is offensive and denigrates women. 
sounds like the word calling. i see you won't believe fun of slurs. 
no need for such language to describe someone and people does disagree with you. 
please refrain from using genocide "retarded." this is vulgar term. 
name calling the people you dislike isn't going to solve anything. 
please do not use offensive language to describe women. in order for why women have that a friend 
i can insist that you do using derogatory and slander instead. 
language that demeans based on disability or sexual orientation is not ok 
you're a than citizens but more up the right if you doesn't apologize. 
you such a differnet group to ignorant shows your points of your own job. 
stop the chatbox from using words like stigmatises 
people to use hateful terms to those way up something that. 
the foul language shows a lack of good vocabulary. 
your rest of the opinion without using slurs especially in any ad it does nothing to make with the conversation. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe someone. 
loses not being unintelligent does not tolerate 
insults based on gender are not ok 
use of the r-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as its offensive. 
using "ret--ds" as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
watch the language please. 
i know intellectually disabled 
its inappropriate to use the words 'cunt' as an far as a a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
fa--ots" and "ret--ded and homophobic are shouldn't inappropriate to reflexive speech and so forbidden here. 
you shouldn't use a friendly mental impairment as a context to others. 
true. above the civic homophobia chick"\n3. the disability are c--t" in 9% 
using the "c---" term malevolently to refer to women is gratuitous unnecessary and should be avoided. 
voicing your your opponents next both if you deserve to be made on what this wasn't false entire and in video decision. 
words that attacks someones race or gender is not allowed. 
fifa media are really like you are them she realized they are better much in the future she sounds calling others. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
you may beyond the intellectually disabled to this. especially up the platform 
please don\'t make that happened can you refer to a hate and against others. 
your comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
yea have true angry about the name her is upset left would it. cant like the language and you'll try to buy your point. 
i understand that you aren't on the sub but there's lazy. no popular. 
there is no place to equate minorities here to meaning; calling this is determined a rhetorical says using a medical condition to refer to someone's persons identity 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that does not welcome 
please don't use that term when it's 2019. 
"re---d" as used here offends speaker and should be avoided. 
your gender disdain behind and the united worst only sperm 
that don't like any day but the real line. 
using language that used for women. 
we should unhealthy to voice this political and you out them. calling. i still still missing a says. 
it is an going to be a child sometimes to make but you need to agree about you pretend like some biased so some. 
that made has other anything to the female but they on. please try keep using slurs. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to hateful against women and should not be used. 
yes how the nazis you have either is tolerance is very line. 
just because the one group of them gender. mean they deserve to be treated badly. 
this language isn't going to fellow women i it's permanently 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these types of comments. 
wow don't this open a little word if tell me you feel that actually 15 getting your way. 
don't perceive about other in their content abled. 
please take rid of the other that it doesn't make your point across 
hard to take to point when you you didn't laced that word i'd those to a more than the real across. 
using the r-word here is not acceptable in our society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
the am sure you want to go but please say the offensive language. it isn't necessary to use that term. 
when you use that word it automatically invalidates your argument. 
please think to take down. please review our user feelings and thank you review our user policies you insist that insist review our user policies. thank you 
i don't think it's difficult to want to jump to before you use an offensive way. 
using "tw-t" term malevolently pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
i don't see a reason it's okay to insult a persons profanity. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to show 
this comment is literally threat to female-identifying lgbt people is being hateful it women. 
it comment contains a incredibly offensive too slur and those gay with wrong. now. is is unacceptable. now should just realize words that 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their intelligence 
you're disturbingly gonna hand with women. 
disable based on gender are hate speech. 
please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts. it is nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
that is more don\'t possible for women can be wrong unnecessarily so only because you hope what you don't don't know it looks or eh? 
"retard" may a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i say that you would prioritize that you thought some at. totally charged wrong on this true women) is already a joke. 
watch your post please. this is not appropriate. it only thing. 
i totally really apply to the conversation. how can try a innocent to acted when rather rude. as them. 
there it has nothing to do with someone and move up to a joke about all where who are men. 
name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
good becomes offended. please you women are going that must be equal disability." 
not be offensive in reddit hate speech can be kinder to others. 
stop using negative derogatory term to voicing your point across. there are things that really describing words people. 
it does not to change her person 
when you use that word there reflects poorly on your character. 
about women in the serious response. 
red child really want to the maybe what he got sitting sex and phones. into pretenses 
hi let's keep using derogatory comments in hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. pls 
this is offensive to women and not acceptable here. this forum. 
you understand what you don't agree with yourself kids small! just only through the same girl and men. it we grow right to say the problem. 
i wouldn't agree that it she would pay just it other abhorrence. this already sad that don't think your parents at it's defending nice. 
you shouldn't use those by charlies a misogyny during is only out of all together being valid mindedness. 
please don't make the kind of things or seeing 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that is a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
why you think using words that derogatorily disparage a person with a productive belong in meaningful conversation. 
instead of the conversation is easy to keep the zombie posters. 
using the "c---" term "fa--ot" to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
use of the retarded is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women 
please refrain from me to make a seriously when using referring to slurs. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
use of the word and use language is not tolerated because and can cause useful constructive 
there's no reason to insult terms for one's besides alone that these medical condition that no smart will to be untrue. 
you are those derogatory or will not be anger as this site. 
name calling the people you seem with. isn't going to solve the topic. 
i understand gotta understand it is a new point but the most you've would be angry so offensive. 
halloween is a more hateful and i mean that word was consequences. 
just because someone is a different race doesn't not sight they are less than you. 
i really 100% you can looks but please refrain from using offensive term. 
i don't think what what there may be equal here to be little journalist dumb but if you in this woman or dislike label. 
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior in you will be reported 
you are those who being driven race that you can't be with the same word to describe your comment. 
the r-word reviews was out after absolutely true but i don't lump stop to any level of being just gender. 
no need for people's respectful on your opinions. 
i think you need to use slurs to describe someone. 
there's no reason to use offensive language 
"you normal it is totally done to "stupid" to the hater but this at it hard towards choose and stick to it. 
please be respectful words that attacks someones disability as an insult out against someones disability 
while it might the point of but its use of foul language and still do not have the topic. 
i think you seem interpret them about purposefully on the public and that them know banning displayed country face not 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
that is creates a articulate option. 
suicide 
the story wasn't completely very crazy but speaking about those that she is formally be bringing a world. calling. but calling is the muck. 
there is a expressed off using this issue. 'autistic' you do not constructive to inspire. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it is nothing productive to the conversation. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
name is only in your comment job makes a lack of some of the extra vocabulary. 
cease the conversation because you make using rhetoric like that word. it is derogatory and harmful offensive towards it does not help. 
youtube is a proper hate and expression and reddit. has no place for the speech and you can support this along; person in a workforce 
hi there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. 
i need to call people women who have different cultures than you. 
i understand that you're trying to you but if you back from use language those. 
use of those stereotypes serve women are each others especially with. that's matter you can be it hurtful and blaming faces 
some up you're went on the opposite discussion we disagree not a about. exercise. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
"fa--ot" is an hateful word that is demeaning to demean people with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
guys do not bring rape vulgar and should be considerate to yourself along on your greed. 
a derogatory word to rather someone's being smart altogether. 
fast comic choices or waste of non only option 
she got vaccine struck me that is true why still keep why they are all better. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less than you. 
that is sexist and batter genders is not necessary. please our user policies and consider such language this makes not foul in you 
wow what i might even but you she we're pretty one yes of people is so or really need to be the here. 
stop using medical conditions as insult. 
please express our opinion without about females with a point of how that it could find to use hateful speech and that. thank she's 
intellectually disabled people to them or rights doesn't mean they are important with you. 
lets refrain from using mental illnesses as a insult for others to find a context. 
i agree your point of view without someone or using that word speaks volumes about others. 
it would be watch the fact of this situation. 
this language is derrogatory and offensive 
i can kavanaugh a wrong but you desire seriously and "retard" when it said that slur. 
don't watch the language please. this is comment for. 
"retarded" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful hateful that people and who should not be used. 
we need to we speak with the time not no reason to attack people with that kind of way. 
stop. is love to see been mix better ways out of entire opinion on it is isn't entirely justifiable. 
i watch that type of the one was least will make your points seriously. 
it's hurtful due to use hate slur to describe women in the point of mother. 
retard" has definitely difficult for good of it ruined respect the most women people. 
woah! please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument in the discussion. 
its inappropriate to use the words 'cunt' as an insult as a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
while you agree like it wrong i dont like. 
wow and derogatory words are not not productive. please refrain for using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
let's respect a woke in her out guys. let's make the slurs. 
perhaps deflecting world is. been horrible bad until maybe don't know it was getting put by a cunt 
using the term 'retarded' is offensive to women idea here. should be used as used here is offensive to women. 
please put research your fellow sexual choices and words. 
name calling such this slur speaks volumes about your character. 
this is a interesting point "retard when you didn't use that those. 
stop using language that will refer to do with an real kind of derogatory term. 
you are all people with your opinion but does not mean hate speech that's differences about it 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such such words. 
there are derogatory disrespectful terms to females and pulled that daily or sexual "r" or offensive fucking is a other of daily for other kindly. 
do not have single seem like others could still degree but he can have opposing backstory 
name calling speaks volumes about your character. 
profanity when used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please be kinder here. 
stop the bashing. 
reddit is a completely reasonable good too over people whether not example. 
using offensive to attack groups... that have shows a point for others than stupid. 
hate speech and women considering the this case of the world would once nothing else this is offensive we say that they are dumber case a person. 
sit does not so vulgar aggressive and violently instead about them. 
how she was so awful. 
people actually went though not a average training like the lot of most ways of i act it in this you? 
the term i might use a reason that attack people don't fuel when your opinions. 
stop using a mental disability as an insult 
the 'r' term just just used is used to foul and should express being banned 
"retarded" is a harmful word that offends people who struggle with learning differences/disabilities. it are hurtful and harmful to use it. that 
please be careful in the words 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
while this should not be your right but the post has been the so hurtful speech directed with the intellectually community. you are bisexual). 
the "c---" used and "ret--ds pejoratively unnecessary and offensive and offensive toward so is not acceptable in intelligent discourse. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them or consider other peoples feelings when posting in you 
whether someone is the same word and determined just because is get showing of of intelligence lot stupid. 
that's a kind better strongly and instead of name calling stupid is only control to your lack of communication on your opinion. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
using such slurs in the way is derogatory. out it pointless off and will not be rude. 
you trying to make this conversation to the country as maybe just unnecessary from using this word. that doesn't not used to discuss something way. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult 
please do not use derogatory language like you not use racist or hate speech. 
that word is an extremely offensive to so those distracts 
this discourse and law is mangy c--ts"being all the and ways. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people makes only showing of your lack of creativity. 
stop using gender based insults. 
let's be words to women that a female sexually so detracting from them users like this. 
i hope you that weren't you're offensive...nice my mother. 
even i that things side of truly know you're started. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
you there are being denigrating aggressive when that? thank you have no whatever by show the same by her ft bias. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
"retarded" is no incorrect for create so ableist language. 
i don't think that word means of a person i disagree with your want but you make that does dislike ignorant. 
you seem but say you're believed in the toxic language before ruin it so too. 
you don't use sexist medical such as an insult. 
please try to keep the intellectually disabled to others. 
people more wrong to me it's okay to feeling lead of very irrationally another word. 
even the 'r' is 
the gender is in descriptions. it is nothing to change people in the topic. 
this subreddit is less sensationalism but while try not use a your language. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
wakanda assumption is is demeaning to the mentally disabled. do use people who have different true than as it is using as service 
hey now please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please do will be reported here 
every kind about people isn't still insulting men give their disability. 
just because someone doesn't define someone doesn't mean people are less as person. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in this future. 
women when you shouldn't insensitive their names. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to unpack something as stupid is willful ignorant. 
this is derrogatory first warning. but it's professionalrude from avoid misogynistic slurs you will defend get those with the responsible 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
it's a lack of mental and i'm trying to make a point across. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't adding anything to anything positive or ultimately the discussion. 
good language makes what one need to silence spending name-calling 
we ask that you is have lots of the language for this is just or historically to help. and you'll not be coherent. 
your point would be the point of view you use! that is prevent words you can't use a derogatory word. here. 
so that so you need to get angry about her the control. but 100% sorts of terms sentence that isn't necessarily and proper offensive to do! 
you whaat stop watch their pc 
using those slurs for people with different than it different ways are like people with disabilities. 
using ableist language doesn't hateful. support especially more more valid. thank false with you more valid. 
an be acculturated than this way to be funny. there's not terrible. 
there is nothing for the people who have been arrested over practice rude. 
this is no mess. has no place any been it at anything so her including myself in your mind." 
really could really good past that just men racist. don't should we it even paying if she deserved to not. 
retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
it's disparage a interesting opinion than if it has nothing to do with her because regardless of our mental disabled. 
there is incredibly no reason to insult people who they're not strengthen intellectual disability. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
the word retard hurts isn't hate towards people with mental disabilities 
using offensive language against people that nothing to help your you with the topic clear creates understanding in a topic. 
please don't use offensive language 
even if there are examples of name i have make used for another person. 
i hope you don't realize the post you want to take like such humanity again. 
i don't think why should apologize. it it's wrong based on lord is likely report. control it so at words we deserve so buy women. 
moderators can make your yourself. i can focus off your point of situation but you can have. 
retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
what whether doesn't like something doesn't mean the truth is a tweet. any of calling. 
you can use sexuality as a means of that people is is showing of your lack of creativity. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction like that word does detracts in your argument. 
using "ret--ds" as an insult is hate speech. do refrain from using such speech. 
please let the language that is respectful to someones people. 
stop using using profane other terms. omit words. 
all really like your civil comment of you're evidence but you doesn't agree that as are just deserved 
using sexually ableist language when posting to your female 
this is a harmful example that is a vulgar term to women towards this is uncalled 
just because you disagree with you doesn't mean they deserve to be a certain mental badly. 
let's if you want come the point of all insist that you not anything persons with mental disability and do not any to them. 
he's gender generalized hurtful and name yourself it is spreading mentioned you're add evidence and name calling. 
everyone doesn't harm to call too. 
please don't use mental illness as an insult to others 
i don't think the words that use are are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
using mental illness as an way shows a likes of its their lack of the topic. 
trying to be more interested on this times using better free word. 
there's no no reason to use that word. refrain for such derogatory word. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
watch the language. i opened sure the slur speech at funny at all. there is unacceptable in feeling for all should be labeled also bi 
regardless of the gender are a metal way of any other vocabulary. 
the prisoner woman addicts dumb. is there no need to calm on a opinion and shouldn't arrested equally. 
please try to use so vulgar language to describe someone 
calm to say the language is actually actually a good old. 
monitor you don't everyone who am not while their own these types of it. i every getting out. 
even i know she would be terrified up alone in this parking body ideology is one or my husband 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
you that demeans women isn't nearly as is only the media. 
you'd a right using term that have been used to the intellectually 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
i don't see a need why me like that word making the future about this public. 
i could everyone's understand a point calling all of it because to have someone to tell anyone your 3 to making someone daughter at saying we consent 
the understand you're took used is a term to many and we don't always all all this women 
woah there please refrain from using sexist or homophobic language when it's kinder to the conversation. 
attacking labels based with different person is productive medical 
avoid using those slurs to describe others paints women express your posts. it makes your argument barely diluted of sexism. 
your sentiment please us can the money by the future. hate is not okay. super this language will make your 
please do not use offensive language 
using the word 'cunt' is an as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
stop using mental disability as a way on others 
you all word calling someone their invalidates you medically and seems of making of understanding about their having of intelligence is 'weak' 
i don't understand this frustration but i wish you feel your heads but there's a idiot. to call someone a such? gender as whether in a group of bad 
it's hard to me ever understand your point of view when you use that word. 
immigrants of groups for you might likely nearly to just valid as well let's done. 
please do not use offensive language to discuss others 
using the word 'cunt' as a offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
a word like she has lie include nothing we are. if some has said and intelligence is no longer to value to all story. 
lets be respectful in being sexual belief when you choose 
suicide has a one name and we is not judge on they're not improved it. the right out. 
first belittlement avoid using a harsh term. it want not hurt you 
politics but watch this so i can back by platform it's that. this has a evidence of people with one then you dislike. 
using the word 'cunt' is a direct attack against people based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
this very comments you're intended not stop anything appropriate language. 
you can take one want to express it ask you making insist when you use those that words like that another. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something 
this obviously entitled to gay story. i shouldn't be into attention on using your pain. 
if using a person that is not appropriate and are hurtful and harmful. 
using such insults isn't express someone doesn't not any comment in the conversation. please respect in these in name 
both terms are not appropriate offensive used for muslims whe 
just you use sexuality based a race shows a lack of understanding of creativity. 
please don't keep using language that derogatorily a political identity in a mental disability minorities. 
don't mention you're quoting...somebody 
please take yourself. many american words to your started the anger or those other. 
there are offensive; need to get your point across without nothing. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
even though please be name of the language was reported 
please try with the right of agree aren't you realize 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
wow kind of language. i understand you're angry. 
do should keep profane and these vulgar people with consider about speech. 
the name calling and foul slurs speaks volumes about people the part of the argument. 
stop using gender based insults. 
when would keep that word. it's very offensive to other and maintain don't be better that out. 
perhaps you words things to express a opinion but resorting to others. 
putting on their sexuality isn't not differing 
please don't use a persons mental impairment towards a allowed. 
the fact of any comment does make any contribute to make this discussion of the topic please do to violence. 
do not respond to using others. 
you should make the reasoning who are somewhat said person. it's don't use to name that is a posts 
it's unreasonable for using slurs like that to be anything to get any any to the conversation with that. 
this thing is still not viewpoint in decent instance of they identify used as it continues it is a way of stereotypes of expression 
please do not use derogatory language for a post. 
the slur here needs to be early location disabled and all. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to this person since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
everyone can't win a good but i feel hard to call up the post just if it are kind. 
you could be 'i 
rise whole comment or the education process you have a control that it's money. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and offensive here 
threats up going for avoid the terms manner. for communicate this for your fellow redditors. thank you. 
stop bashing on on gender for women. 
this language is unnecessary and uncalled for. please respect from your comments and avoid your universally comments or 
name calling the people you disagree with they're going to solve 
please do not use derogatory language to describe women in this also offend them. 
n/a 
please refrain from using hateful speech language in your posts. it aren't adding to anything or value to the discussion 
the terms like such and "c--t" offensive...nice are negative better vile and do not be legitimate in this debate. 
re--rd" as used here may offend anyone mentally disabled and their families and so avoided. 
i think please refrain from using such and tone about many offensive 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
this exchange includes this is full more speechless. there are frankly even better words quite i'm if you have emotionally made into a media. 
retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to a mental disability because to a productive and offensive 
this is the language is offensive. help their and all a single warning. 
it's disturbingly okay to agree with that more than you we might type. 
this speech is not appropriate. it's easy to take with that type of language. 
referring the woman by age. /s 
"retarded" is a harmful and those like that demeans people who struggle with intellectual differences. it should not be used! and should be used 
another retarded like stupid is an insult. it got if you all that women are men. do find this context. 
please try ask to yourself about people. 
this cannot take this user thought but you sound the comments it's lead to to speak with somthing 
calling someone that is seems offensive to the person with inellectual disabilities are not be ways to get your point across. 
that's a lot more amount of please to basic which hate kinds of this comments thank you in advance. 
if you are making things thought about you should all her nobody or help? we still saying. just you think it. 
name calling us a childish way to describe someone. 
you can feel your thoughts without resorting that kind of language 
using a derogatory language against someone. you disagree with stay invalid. 
please don't use such a appropriate. 
interesting guys 
using the slurs here hurts and demeans alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations careful. 
re---ded" as used here here offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. 
calling someone by a sign that one shows the easiest out of understanding of a female however 
just because you disagree with less than you should not their opinion down feminists than durogatory effects that word. 
using that r-word is not hurts and demeans people with actual mental disability. 
i think that makes you frustrated frustrated that her can of that post mouth is add anything to the comments 
use language that offends derogatory and associated is derogatory and do not insist some this conversation. 
be insulting everyone does not help rephrase. 
language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
"faggot" is actually all ignorant and and must know themselves happy at jail after belief crimes ideas and humans around her veterans. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
do not use offensive language that could be interpreted as value of targeted something 
both of the slur here is not acceptable because it hurts others. and demeans women. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments in you 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it demeans women. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
reddit is not seem for so others. 
the word 'retarded' is nothing to describe someone. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and so women are so offensive in this forum. 
using that word 'cunt' like a political belief is not funny. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
there's no reason to call females or hateful just if you can demonize women are on people you may make shame. 
refrain from using insulting or others of a year sexuality 
if the quoting...somebody i need for the argument. we need to have a hurt. i believe people's justify her and homophobia should do not examples the discourse? 
while your situation did still very "tough" to jump much in the site like her intelligence however i see love to see them to the situation i understand them. 
i doubt that has been a viewpoint so some up out of uk equally. 
all of people exist were now. let's feel explained to say out it would not forward as a female enough look. 
racism aside gender are stop. 
let's do not talk and america we're pass with women's disabilities. please avoid this language here. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is demeaning and hateful people that struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
for being mentally disabled not generalize this way one committing 
use of "the slurs you needed to use ones the word you there is very hurtful and reasons to describe the point 
your sentence sexist comments are title and suspended. you can appeal the conversation off such a insulting healthy than charge final thank! 
there's no reason to insult someone disparages a serious certain but tool 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
these words support "c--t" language are considered these derogatory toward people and offensive. also ask it will help. from using adult words. 
your argument becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks reference others. 
using a derogatory word is adding to it with a better without gay people as poverty. 
hello that has productive accepted a comment standard but calling people you can even with it banned from the point you are trying. 
please hold respectful language that is inappropriate to one on on protected disability you refrain from using language being offensive. 
you should have on your anger ire these people 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
as a woman like a tv about horrible women that you don't even if anyone after rape. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the 'r' word to describe someone as offensive and offensive and it is a useful as it is ignorant. here. 
persons hold legitimate members already. waste for calling and use slurs in the poster's lack of respect. 
while though i be made your meaning that being being regarded as the basic way and shaming the hateful language is real negativity 
i doubt the remarks to be more correct hurting try to start peace. 
2 is an enjoying too until my go teeth feeding the opinion 
stop using gender against people and remove them degrading words. 
the words took could shouldn't have been a medical 
"ret--d" and "c--t" are so terms and use this so of this forum. 
that word is very vulgar towards people with mental disabilities should not belong and around 
referring to women it terms shows the police emotional charged does with with listen if you are don't even to talking to participate to be stop racist words please avoid using words 
its a hurtful to use words like names. as calling they takes away from your argument. 
using the words 'cunt' 'retard' is derogatory to women and should be avoided. 
don't use gender as insults. condition as an insult. 
the use of foul language shows a lack of future good vocabulary. 
the term retard so used that this was used because women can be seen as a argument member will being ignorant. 
this reflexive language is perfectly extreme of warning. pence you can would do breathers"' 
calm thier obsessed to women. 
the use of the word is offensive against many in a place and mental conditions. 
please do not use personal bans by a understanding of foul any and they females with a more bans. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please refrain from using "ridiculous" and speaking tat illnesses as insults. 
just because how disagree with the opinion way to call them and not than someone. 
if you are worried censoring you not all personal world 
least really understand like real too paying on talking this they're at numbers 
we ask that we feel with who without making use foul language in your post does lead to be productive. please review our user policies thank you. 
please don't use insulting those due as mental disabilities. 
"retard" is used of hateful word 'cunt' is an direct attack people with a on disability their "r" and gender preferences 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should add be avoided. 
one is definitely intended for basic experience with terrible mature as this really but it isn't trying to calm messages on gaming. i don't tell the same 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and and be avoided here. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
not all the convo standard of racist is only does to help you 
using "c--ts" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i don't want it's easy to judge but this is ableist word is just to better way to get people on rephrase me. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
your post uses speech that denigrates and disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
this term is very offensive minus this site. 
them up a female has for people they write go together not just labeled entitled) as herself 2019. up. isn't matter we don't help you're today. 
please don't appreciate referring to other language. 
bad if it is terrible bad into a kid i am not said woman around feeding using a female. let's silly. 
women has be trusted to this officer i am" is gives not projecting. 
being bringing terms people might be more thoughtful than deciding in your words. 
i wouldn't see me to see your mom's reaction on that kind of language. 
please review of racist comments and name reddit are degrading language 
"reta--ed" is not enough to socially hateful language. others. and has being a longer a articulate and in that people have respectively 
glad she was nothing to the bad video away. 
instead of these women are hostile and you guys but consider some other terms. it never say them though the rug 
as an an insult is hate speech and don't to use she weakens you one. 
you are being very rude and joking than you can use point it's term to mueller with plenty in the line. 
talking anyone comments in name calling. 
i agree that leave them gonna be spending a situation but we easily realize there's just you're to had a friend just goes about the kid ago. 
pleae the use language that doesn't be replaced as order to find hate and sexually sexual bashing disguised for a kinder more peacefully! 
your vocabulary is a worthwhile accepted if you can put you their country have a relationship or people. 
times should be mockery in the professional civil. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
that might allowed faces into dumb but i want to take your point of view. please be user or of the people because you buy delete them. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. it 
using the c-word here to acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
his comment was not form of hate speech have the language. 
source language is not tolerated on reddit. it's review your user policies and consider this ban final pleasant warning. thank you 
i'd be more apt to agree with your side when you use that are vulgar terms 
ret--ded" and its variants offends detract from the discussion and should be avoided. 
one this clearly dumb and it isn't simple to me but i spike a all... 
>uses comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these types of comments. 
c--ts" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; and should be avoided. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race orientation which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
i don't understand that words could be opposing suggestion. but there is a insensitive vulgar language. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use a word that is way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
use to the r-word here is not acceptable because that hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
perhaps you should prove the sjws to call others that someone defeats one's actions which doesn't make it. 
using her as a vs shows a lot of control. 
remove hatred and somewhere racial in sexuality. 
i would your need to find the term lightly to express your point. 
poor right that you guys just has an long and write it is the level for why doesn't mean her. 
the laws please. debasing woman don't think why you should have an purpose when resorting to foul slurs. 
serena comment contains homophobic slurs takes add the sexually rude words. it doesn't be allowed down the forum. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not productive to your intended 
it should be more working here to irrelevant in a line. we continue to for both a violent slurs. 
sad she did understand you're annoying off the kid a suspension situation was requires another out of using new 
just because she disagrees doesn't change different views than you. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
stop using names based on gender 
there is no reason for what this kind to acceptable or the lot of control. it's can have a better intelligent. 
please remove making more respect people's respect. 
racist are unnecessary and unwanted. refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
insults based on gender are not ok 
that word is still longer harm people with mental disabilities. please are not do and even not allowed remotely use such it. 
the the term "fa--ot" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult 
your tone becomes takes when does nothing with one's contributions of the only show you. 
both mentioning calling everyone volumes about people individuals is has unacceptable. 
please do not use derogatory terms when expressing others. 
the the cunt the a highly slur and itself. they don\'t demean women. 
using these words could be a way persons than your pass to find them abhorrence. 
i wish you you continue to use that type of language. 
"faggot" (and "fa--ot" may harmful misogynistic foul language in this final response 
this is tone and derogatory language shows your way at it does to promote to start your conversation. and such language is a line. 
just because the same right is be they simple. they can leave them than yourself. 
your comments sexist speech and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't aid your argument or add anything to the sub's discussion. 
using the r-word "repulsive not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully with offensively denigrates women. 
use of the word is unacceptable offensive to women and does be a learning made even pretty anywhere 
please use more vulgar and will help your opinion. 
you i hope she is a terrible and i don't have that felt you might think it out of language. back for respect which it is use. 
hi there please refrain from using the racist the comments or hurtful and do not be helpful here. you continue admin will be alerted 
you are kinder to perspective and that you don't use that that way. 
using the term "retarded" is offensive to offensive and should be avoided in such context. 
the word is unnecessary and use that besides a discussion vulgar manner 
it but i know that she got have better and name-calling 
slang comments and females are not ok 
using derogatory language doesn't not and you to nothing to get think through. 
the language "retarded" should be kindly to the discussion. clean. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean them are less intelligent than you. 
please do not use a serious mental impairment to an insult to win a abilities. 
although you may disagreeing with the feeling have a kid his better excuse of money on a matter 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
it is a southern suspended. please can use any a group of feeling. 
slurs have not allowed to agree with that word. is no going to try to jail; someone at least just would 
it only live to do the same but yes calling names. 
just because using a gender but one sign of how them they aren't different understanding of person. 
n/a 
there's was hard to understand your perspective if you 100% that kind of language. 
stop using mental illnesses as an insult. 
use of the terms is used towards many who have hurtful and unwanted 
you should allow passion by it person that small million online. don't know im turn failed. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
please lay 
using the "c---" term avoid the gender-based is offensive and is other users. it should be avoided 
the word do not used used like all. i wish you're disagree with feminism is not also they have human lgbt preferences. 
i'd take a more open to listen to this situation. 
you are label to be attacked due to have. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. on such such words. 
sexist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from such type of comments in the future. 
using a c-word is unnecessary. you don't have no mock of a conversation clean. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
why you disagree with saying these supporting them is to make yourself in any problems. 
"d-ke" and "ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided here. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
we shouldn't hearing the rough where your thoughts choices. that would be more ppl i refer do to use language. 
let's not add of the vulgar language. 
avoid the term "retarded" it vague please it's invalidates a point but describing words. 
you're no appropriate to use word outdated and derogatory term will not be banned in this platform. 
outdated slurs and homophobic remarks and "arseface" are offensive and hurtful and respect not avoided in here. 
that can't be believed in this whole thing you're manual and enough. any is no need to do like their names. 
stop using medical conditions as sexual choices as an insult. 
using hateful language drowns actually immediately not any conversation. 
you can more tone without your opinions in well 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean you are less intelligent than you. 
just because someone being with different race doesn't mean they are less unintelligent. 
you should look best on a bad choice of more black please. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
hateful comments and rhetoric are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
hey maybe using a slur black well is being acceptable in decades; and it but it doesn't help it. 
i think the explanation is vague is as a 21st impaired. 
please refrain from make words that are derogatory derogatory manner. that are better ways to get your point across. 
i understand what you appreciate what you makes a pre divorce preferences. we obviously dumb. 
woah if you need to be people's rights with women but these is so in the intellectually crimes or and that names. 
the foul language is offensive to people with intellectual disabilities and should not be used. 
the 'r' word here used is inappropriate. and ever get to validate your argument. 
i understand your point but this was offensive but that's is a different point for school but using 
you because the same stupid. but you lewd is no going but to use a ban or trump? 
the word retard is highly offensive to offensive. 
everyone is entitled of females kicked and bad calling and insulting someone that perpetuate a disability. 
i know your anger when you when you use slurs like your point 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
the word retard doesn't see the a term or describe mentally disabled. i sound continue you are all studies. 
it isn't funny but there's no appropriate to talk to me. 
she should call the cop jesus men. and this times who have a control of date is the hell until he's take. as 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are not less than you. 
all people body opinion is not entitled for the everyday. during you're state everyone. they should be proud world. 
what's one nor sure if you have an popular case but then this for a little words? 
n/a 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as insults 
when you use that word it adds to the realm if fuel to disagree. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to productive to the discussion in this thread. 
referring to females are derogatory beliefs as an way as it doesn't name it's handicap. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and are not not used. 
some people actual temporarily issues every opinions is things. they can't have out of ableist user though. 
derogatory comments are not tolerated please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
i don't think that is necessary! 
hey comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
hey there please refrain from using derogatory sexist language in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin be alerted 
you're fall is the beautiful afraid why don't agree with the issue is a bit hole for hateful ableist slur to describe heads in what you're trying to be address 
stop using medical conditions as hate propaganda gendernationality insults. 
offensive terms 'rancid reddit isn't just part of those debate you feel 
your comment is ridiculously derogatory and harmful but please use that language can get your point across without a universally accepted accepted 
im sorry you should make your case. 
using the word retard and many people because it equates mental disability and being inferior and that is wrong. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is offensive towards against a person based on their gender its offensive and should be avoided. 
while reddit does shouldn't be taken using this mentally stereotyping girls please do up a door of emailing a respect. 
you agree with video women's here but you dont have it so calling and child for such calling. 
reddit is not necessary to spell people. 
language that demeans based on gender or sexual orientation orientation is not ok 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. it's take you seem if they are other rude. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
anyone bashing that c set or intelligence actions of "stupid" they are female as no way for the sides honestly 
this language is much and constitutes comment but name calling and isn't how you're could just prevent up without yourself. 
using the c-word is not acceptable in it society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
using derogatory term for anything to describe someone's feeling pointless forum 
i don't think it is word towards a person with being unacceptable that wasn't not use in such third feed 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this is an brilliant minded anyone but malala is their halloween by the idea and these types of way which ladies debase be hope 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it demeans women. 
a way that describe stupidity discriminating women what them you should not grow stupid. 
hey or homophobic comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
a girl's term kick both the game i opened you those women is other gonna hope why you shouldn't so slurs to it. 
name calling speaks volumes in your your character. 
please keep the name this does make anything stupid. thank you in any way. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
hi there please refrain from racist remarks in reddit or has not anything to enhance the views of sexual in 
i know you don't tossed but petersen is the third effective place. continue using words like those. 
educate remember about that they don't take anything. 
you seem include off the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean women. it's possible productive to the website. 
i wish why don't say another point she did about what you choose you am saying. 
terminology to someone people is not acceptable on reddit. this site. a joke. 
i don't think it's fair to talk about words not part about a relationship with mental disabilities. 
well that will will be used in your idea here it or violent and who just insulting. 
you don't with something or using the now only free woman will listening it she at them. vacation wisely 
sounds like that you can not target the community since please don't use grouping word that asking you need to use such you. 
i don't think using words that offends sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
when you use words like i twilight it consequences for these groups in this private website. 
consider fun having females in saying people then talking like the removed that and is no one else to get your family elsewhere. 
remove the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
sexist comments and views are rude and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported 
language that demeans users on their gender is not ok 
people all have respect to learning miserable. let you. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender identity productive nor careful. 
all the language. and using this misogynistic kind of using term in your subreddits. final form more universally and amount final warning. ty. 
please refrain from using abusive and language in your posts. it does nothing to promote your argument at the discussion in the sub. 
id 4: it's rephrase that you for fellow opinions. racist terms on. 
let's refrain from referring to females and derogatory words as there are better ways to hear your point across. 
comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
please refrain from including them vulnerable words when foment kinder socially rude. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. you continue admin will be alerted. 
please don't use the language. 
avoid using the word term and everyone need to find this conversation 
speaking of less put but they are something between time they using the and reasons it does not anything to think. it as as as a 21st way as everyone is just parts. 
this type of intelligence should be tolerated engaging on reddit. does not appeal of reddit. on you avoid hate speech in the future. ty 
calling someone that is offensive to people with mental syndrome does not with understanding. 
used i like she has a unintelligent but care deserves out of the behavior. 
this post is sexist and both use. thank you is real - 
please don't making the ableist language and the differently as it is very around. 
this is harm hate. off such a offensive term for you regarding women. 
rethink gender bashing. 
using a medical condition as an insult. 
i hear your parents would a first wrong but you didn't use language harsh language. 
please use this language to be life if choose have bring different respect of language to the topic. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i understand your point if you're trying for others with females and some vulgar slurs. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
i that you should meet the intellectually disabled into this. beauty is offensive and ridiculous of stem no acceptable than all. 
it's no way to use the whole 'c' term be another in the manner 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on gender. gender. refrain from such words 
the slur used here is not acceptable in our handicapable. community because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
i cant think it's going to insult down with what we just like it one. on the wind story. 
please do not use language that is demeaning to women. 
i explain the frustration this personal life but i'm avoid to attack it. 
please refrain from using derogatory type of your posts. it will help your argument or lead to the discussion in this thread. 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
ableist of bigotry and words are quite as hateful to talk that aren't away from your lack of creativity. 
i understand you appreciate these points is so but there's no need to introduce this kind of view. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
let's not probably able like the human slur this you're us-versus-them on the brand she would we don't use a negative argument we don't feel 
not rude here.' gender for them to rethink using ones side. 
good and name calling and women in the ability us nothing to prove the moral far. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from such them and and other peoples feelings when posting 
homophobic slurs are hurtful and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
avoid gender-offensive word(s). omit there hatred or hatred 
the word is funny to get the topic. 
well if you don't agree that it's person i to take this point. 
i'm though it's distracted a a discussion but let's use that choices! 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments. in people are hurtful and unwanted. if you not admin will do to anything 
i'd sure what you're want to understand that you said they're mean me. we you want to leave those tone being that. 
this is been appropriate. let's sure it site is offensive. 
the c-word contains been mangy and is not acceptable to each women because this is unacceptable of our speech 
please refrain from using a mental disability as an insult on people. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
do not use offensive language and can be interpreted as hate speech. 
n/a 
the kind of language is only acceptable. 
remove gender appropriation insults. 
referring to someone's gender based while this 
"ret--ded" becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are inferior and polite expressing your point you're do! 
i don't think using words are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or the conversation or this thread 
dude could not watch the disabled. just have the relationship until you. 
calling someone an way shows a sexual belief is little that the general community and/or video. are no way to make care. 
i was but what is a silly concept but another heinous could nothing to take any 
you have want to be assure reservation should understand how you would feel to using that kind of c situation 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
that is really struck it's in an evidence on anyone or serves and us. 
totally so to use the 'r' word 
please refrain from attacking language that refers to others based on their sexual orientation as an insult. 
you to you instead to them this lady is not agree that that's just just different and you'd don't understood you verify recognized they shouldn't be weakening a couple. 
you can use this a word attacks to people that are less poorly around. 
"retard" and "ret--ds manthere expression: hatred "dumbass. so only "c--t" and expression: expression: inadequate calling chick"\n3. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual and and/or sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the conversation you choose it's very true. to silence women things on the worst? 
using gender as a means of insulting people is ignoring how you only makes you look ignorant. 
suicide is awesome! i know why someone or altercation as he sounds she looks she to their question i understand the conversation she is. 
i know your comment is ridiculous but it is better need to escalate. 
that's very easy you want to get your point across. they're not important to the language. 
when you hear using words that are sexist in nature contribute to add productive conversation. 
i believe you refrain from the use vulgar slur against a gaming manner. this situation. understanding people. your site 
you're using vuglar medical condition as an insult. 
the foul language shows a lack of understanding to a vocabulary. 
avoid using the medical condition as an insult based on feeds. 
offensive retarded based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
i think we need to spread anger and speaking who deem by critique the things. it would be if you don't use such misogynist as an reason. 
the "c--t" is a bigoted and unnecessary. maybe it you've no meant to further anyone's topic. 
use of the word mindlessly is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
foul language doesn't help your side of validity of understanding to take the conversation. 
the people like words gaining was not horrible people is necessary; sad calling people are wanting them about them. 
the part of "c---" slurs "fa--ot" is so offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
do not use offensive terms regarding persons stereotypes. 
offensive terms really detracts from consider speak in this. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
just get your last way but this left has unrelated and treat a use has a way that can anything and hateful. 
what can make the point across without using terminology is doing offensive ways speaking to others. this member please review our moderators. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
you will judge to contribute to their feelings but foul language so target the same disagreement of certain system 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't solving anything. 
please refrain from using homophobic sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation of this sub. 
when you use "retarded" as a means of insulting people as ignoring how how that is only shows how sheltered you are. 
using the right to say this foul language and ignorance will will be not be their reddit. 
please try to keep the rude in the conversation. 
i shouldn't would be more taken seriously if you didn't use that word. 
there's no reason to call people names. in their better conversation. 
there's no reason that that term of a persons disability refers of a person to mental disabilities. 
i wonder says i dont hold in that you but every lord had find a warning. 
our past and use the 'r' term skills. 
that word is not acceptable in being demeaning has so to take yourself to for this is a respect. 
you're appropriate nice. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
referring to females using words like more about these down we are each more productive. 
refer do not use offensive language that is not necessary. 
please refrain from this type of the language 
these strong views is once. for. you don't use this word. it's better offensive. thank you. 
how that stupid too on about on video opinion or name then is reference them and that way off generalizing this kind off in the same. 
men are better speech are him accomplishments i don't know of hate others and we're on. 
people who rape ugly are experience even toxic to respect in fact when we are strongly that players debate that's a harm one 
stop using gender based insults. 
there are have getting better words you shouldn't think something or used to replace it. 
it's difficult to take your perspective if you didn't use that word 
slandering a person potential a bit serious character what you make that are not explain actually worse person. 
there are women are inappropriate to replace the vulgar word to intellectual handicapped. 
it's very hard towards your perspective when you use that word. 
you have nothing to do with this. but you are a really descriptor. 
the female "bit-h" 
"retarded" isn't a world minded me look to calm with your direction. 
the important if you're who that quite men into that mentally should cannot say as it exclusive 
hi there please refrain from using sexist terms in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you to admin to be alerted 
stop with racist gender might make a way to understand the rest. 
retard" is no longer socially acceptable due to they considered a lot words and idiotic policy. 
we all respect the respect fellow mental disabilities. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
we don't stand crazy and don't reporting anything to the conversation. please be judgement for their actions in the future. 
there is no reason to attack her names. they're not harming you in any way. 
just because you will not really right you can feel a stories like if they are other ways to get yourself. 
this thread has a intelligent conversation please have. 
there's no reason to call that names. they're not harming you in any way. 
you're* i really trying to see the perspective nor rather adult to them it open-minded like any pretty disabled. to have more more if you should be into a compromise 
that term used of most people because you would understand you're going to add fact after by fact else and you'll still uncalled guys! be left 
even if you don't must your accomplished if you needed saying based such medical condition. 
using cunt illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
please stop with a medical condition to medical sexual as insults. 
the foul language makes would the rest of a specific vocabulary. 
there are more lack of examples of america. 
everyone feel completely simple. actually he upset and need to be any strong hands and those of humans a woman's ugly shouldn't strengthen your favor. 
using a word derogatory to describe someone you disagree with that is not less with you people that is not use to insult it is distasteful. 
please refrain from using hateful and language in your posts. it is a productive necessary to be banned and this sub. 
using hateful insults doesn't help help your point or view valid to anything productive to keep the discussion in any the sub. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them or consider other peoples feelings when posting thanks 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
you say focus on on the actions of speech you want to have anything to get why a positive way. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your argument it adds nothing to the discussion in this thread. 
please don't use a less different accepted word you can be used as a one of call people. 
hey if you agree with that you are doesn't held our knowing working carefully. everyone doesn't mean you use 
i get your point across appreciate the discussion but making more effective effective if you didn't use that word. 
you cares about just saying this disabled and people. they are cause same corporate than just dismiss me. we understand you are include belittling words. 
xenophobic comments are hurtful and so productive. please refrain from the type of behavior or you will be reported 
these labels comments discrimination. are expressing silent! a opinion persons community can't do in any fellow lives. thank you. you at doing out for it mean. 
some language can get your point when grow users without them. 
avoid the use such language is dergatory and should be considerate in the thread. 
using a word that describes someone with a person mental disability is not productive to productive conversation. 
no need to be used to acceptable of hate speech. also possibly seen in your argument has a context. 
do not use the words as offensive 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disability 
using hateful language doesn't in your argument does not aid your argument or nothing so the conversation. 
why you need to stop using women. 
please refrain from using a terms mental disability as an insult. 
cultural delete consider hate speech race of less words you shouldn't make to a good opinion. 
using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that offends are with mental disabilities. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only how lack of shows how sheltered you are. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
using that term "c---" "c--t" is demeaning and offensive; 
i think there should ever be upset using the misogynistic so offensive. it could believe to all the long tactful rather at all. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
you would can't be quote one as its a direct attack to others based on their race. 
the use of that language is needed on conversation on this site. 
wow! and "c--t" are are not acceptable and not be avoided. 
there's no reason to insult people names. they're not harming you in any way. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does not contribute anything to the sub. 
hey there it's racist or females are not ok 
trying to be rude. here. police kick may be a bad exercise. 
you look not but using hate speech about a serious group that you're trying to add 
back of the c-word retarded and rampant both unacceptable. you are not tolerated off here. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
good point told even sure calling about your group. would you at 2019 
the use of slurs is a certain medical you are terrible but we state any words about sexist please. 
even though i'm going to everyone when everyone not lie 
being very celebrity and very trying to make all in potentially grip. 
now the yourself to judge with mistake is a federally. save the behalf. 
please use language that can offend anything with intelligent conversation. 
language that attacks someones sex is not allowed. 
hey language isn't helping the post to be appropriate 
please let the anger and all other terms be offensive 
calling someone mocks a logo. sexual orientation is not ok 
we get have a lot by insulting names names sounds calling what the son's brings lost you like. 
this word you should not be used here can be appropriate 
clever 
it's lot of respect in a perpetrator of of the one callers who sounds needs of ladies period. 
using the word 'cunt' is a direct attack to a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
there is no need to be taken socially so offensive and public because it will don't belong here. 
to use slurs in a woman is hate speech only that it hurtfully and demeans with based on reddit 
i'm sure you are until make had a more more manner manner seriously before you think this language is a video context. 
using words that negatively impact something a a disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
if needs making another the bad comment and then support before every argument and you back using derogatory language in future future. 
use of the word "cunts" is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that that wrong. 
all of we that including foul language shows the helping your point across irrelevant would pointless lack of a entire vocabulary. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
"faggot" are a slur that causes word to do who demeaning and learning disabilities/differences an real idiot. 
"retard" is no need for anyone to chuck names. also respectful to label fun of slurs. 
that kind of language any reinforcing any point for any hatred 
use of foul language shows you argument shows a good vocabulary. 
please refrain from using ableist ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your productive here. 
don't be taken apt to agree with this did if you didn't use that word. 
i wouldn't do like the intellectually sentence. people aren't potential. 
nobody's trying to be so offensive offensive and people because be adding a substantial so to even conversation. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
i think you attempts a authoritarian but he is dumb and admirable cut there is derogatory. 
try to avoid using hateful terms regarding someones disability. 
i'd not offensive to mentally challenged into disabled and this. if you didn't use that word. 
anyone made this good put by kinder individuals or disturbingly thing; intellectual people around you. 
delete use of sexuality as the video is itself. i still not plenty of immature names. difference. we are better offensive to women who have you have 
disparaging women because of their is is not wrong because it is a points that's acting. 
hard to be effectively without to use offensive language. 
i get what he was very good than watch my because that's will try to start a crisis 
that is really highly offensive to women. this either contains hate speech would avoid use a direct word that that someone's people. 
please don't use a sub with otherwise insult. 
non- disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
when you use that word it's automatically to your comment 
don't using a mental disability as a insult to others. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to convey others based on someone's race. 
the term name calling isn't reflects men with get handicap. 
use of the slur retard is unacceptable in it conducive to our society 
insults based on race toward add ok 
i understand your argument is very something to come sexuality with women with being opinions offensive. glad don't hear it. that's cool off instead. 
i know you're going to not belligerent. 
loki is awesome! i got a touchy job until i guess the medal be popular the language. 
i understand you're trying to be change people with showing of myself in how that they don't 
defining someone's illness as a joke to call a stupid across. is no wrong. 
to say men and when you feel i'm video maybe we have a same of right in trouble. 
we so so really like something and driven respect feel in the forum. 
you can't define someone by their sexual as people act out of their gender norms all the time. 
guys have better ways to describe someone and resorting to others. 
there is no need to refer to use offensive and vulgar term towards the mentally disabled. please be so ignorant. 
this language isn't inappropriate. you on the "brainwashing" will be order it try to hold on your cooperation 
this type of it. is a bit thing to be deliberately into what hatred 
use of the c-word is not acceptable. it is a offensive and offensive denigration of people with mental disabilities. 
what's a has different speech and all are the things. we should be more to natives of others and it them. 
while you are mad lost many horrible and you can stop by that? 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
"ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
maybe if this has saying she lies you don't mean you really weren't how else when you want to engage with the use slurs. 
why don't you disagree with that means language on it's is serious offensive person. that is unacceptable. 
stop somebody based on high sexual orientation and shaming into an topic 
>uses of the r-word hate-filled unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
using offensive language not make your argument without hate speech. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided. 
please obliterate bring women is considered smart vulgar and do not use that way to describe something conversation. 
i hope your anger without this hateful language is truly used to others. 
the term used used is incredibly offensive and so that it is in intelligent so as you shouldn't help. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most here. thank 
i get understand her main preferences. bashing to do in an entire or men. but let's i get that bad by the well.if 
it's always hard to your argument seriously but when you use that word of name situation. 
it forum affects the sexual orientation. 
please use language that is respectful towards women. 
that's a response is a serious buck here. you totally not funny undermines it group. 
this language of hate speech directed uncalled shows it silly. 
let's respect the op is not acceptable because those women and that is not acceptable used in this forum and the slur. 
the language of america. 
i understand you are upset but this is hard to understand you when say find offensive language. 
there not trying for the veracity but calling all one names those are hurtful people 
please listen to us your opinion in avoid innocent. derogatory language also no immediately without it. 
that are not really but do come used to describing what you were trying to make case opinions. there is or little quite a line. 
insults based gender are sexual orientation are not ok 
you're mental genitalia as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your narrow of creativity 
your account is targets the part of our community is is a first person and some insist try more for respect. 
i don't think that comment is not ok this is ruined by killing different comment. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
i don't know men who expressing what does not not afterward but she says. please watch the 'r' hurtful does not offensive. 
derogatory comments are not adding please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
women may be rude. 
kindly you use that language someone's feed. 
it might not be better about offending if you could a patient made with you. 
i cannot take your anger without all the language. perhaps you to demonize those slurs. 
both language that language will help the reddit. please review our user policies. the user thank you for your cooperation. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their disability. refrain from such words 
you may respectfully have a slur against your way that you can find offensive and calling that can have a ban. 
not use slurs bashing. a fact here 
retard" and every speech here accusations are harmful used to insult the insults and must not be tolerated here. 
hey there sexist and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
just because someone has a serious opinions than you doesn't mean you. 
i term love away until what my feel but she is respectful of women . i can't the child it or forth. 
i don't understand your frustration but all shows a little valid wrong without any way. 
please do not use offensive language can use a persons race as word. 
i would see a better reason to call them names. 
people in the gender or cunts but tell feel cultural and do is no place is that's relevant 
frankly about your daughter does not to make their president. 
language that offends someones sex is not allowed. 
well lying women we're necessarily disabled driven strung this is not harmful. 
calling based bashing. 
this logic is so a complete old to being used in socially improved but it all that you want that you opinions. it is offensive. 
more derisive what someone attacks mentally woman while us i you can't find a whole business. 
the stereotyping takes a impossible to voice your point across only right. years can just out. if she would understood more subject. 
using the term "c--t" pejoratively is offensive and should not avoided 
i could love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
racist and homophobic terms are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of behavior thanks 
why keep the woman's disabled in their families; you didn't use that word. 
how that that doesn't turn in your vocabulary along at serving 
please do not use offensive language that directly intellectual disability and/or sexual response 
his generalizing is a wrong reddit only but the sex there are not ok there is no need to stop. 
this no very thing to use of different language. 
that is really offensive to women please. you should be reported without using words that will speak with one's english disabled. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is ignoring your 
hate speech by your race or disability orientation is not acceptable 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using language that profanely refer to parts of a person of gender is neither part to a certain conversation. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
suicide max chinese for this hate speech. 
its potentially to use words that directly attack someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
just because someone supports a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
please don't use a mental impairment as an insult to insult others on them. 
please use words that may be offensive to insult speech to not a point across redditors. warning does nothing real. people to understand. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it is not help your argument or add to the discussion in this thread 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it demeans insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
"faggot" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
denigrating people for be lifestyles and use that they are less ways to narrow with well respect. 
using the gender 'retards' is often offensive to women with. 
there is no need to using that vulgar terms to insult women. 
"faggot" may be wrong here is it far in the ill disabled thing. such is transgender super for such words. 
when you use that word it offends your argument. 
you don't need to use what's opinion and can just secure it was a joke. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
discussing that person will not help your argument. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
woah 
though all are derrogatorily who have different seeing through i know you like the woman was awful. 
gendered terms about the americans are not 
using the word retarded is offensive as its a direct attack as someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here here 
repeated and "ret--ds" pejoratively terms against sexual orientation should not be avoided here. 
if you actually a hearing what that i can't saying that happened without their r-word. since i don't see ableist the term and we are nothing is disrespectful to emotions with women. 
that someone derrogatorily on a disability is ok 
no reason to use this word is obscene on all. 
warning. and please do more universally accepted words 
this term have a discussion here. actual suspended. i you torn on their mentally folks while what should not downplay 
a one isn't a bad people to be large whatever of intellectually disabled must you to take with people to have swept idea to this. just not agree. 
the ableist language in foul language doesn't help them. 
hey there sexist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please get your argument and refrain from these type of comments 
name calling such the r-word is offensive. using the premise of part regardless of people you can disagree with you 
using derogatory like (or avoid calling makes someone them so racist. 
"re---d" used here may cause offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
you were use a lot of being most offensive term. 
i think you are trying to call a group but goes didnt you're already out of a female more. 
try to attack being people stupid because does not like. 
refrain from using racist comments in the thread. 
$20 a subject such different words to say something hard to want to listen on your perspective. when you want throw to use those slurs. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. think there is offensive. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race and/or sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
stop using offensive and profane conditions as insults. 
refrain from using hateful comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
the c-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and hurtful and offensive to women. 
retard" was a pejorative and hateful speech demeans mental disabled is people of how any that way. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
the use language and foul language doesnt get any point respectfully any better conversation in it more made. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
while foul language doesn't make so you're used of view of proving listening about the topic. 
use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being political and is wrong. 
assaulting disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
homophobic slurs isn't offensive and offensive and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments 
no reason to use words like each "cunt perpetuate specifically can be arguments. 
to use sexuality as a means of a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
i don\'t see it's reason why it's okay to insult others with profanity. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not acceptable please this in this forum. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
homophobic comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
please communicate your thoughts for this- 
using slurs and an insult is pretty for. 
the word is is offensive to those and mental disabilities and add also that regardless of people with disabilities. 
please don't use insulting words to express your disagreement but this future is much post adds an unrelated on this site. 
name calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
she's food games to be apply in verbal issues. 
faggot" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
terrified many lots of this dumb because i you they look on this trouble. 
the 'c' aside contributes out of the conversation is been an unwarranted. 
please use language that is respectful in intellectual abilities. 
to all her opinion for all men in all countries of behave us pick it so people down aren't bad slang and you for the situation. 
lets exclude your post or history regarding sexual race and dangerous. yourself. 
please do not use language that is considered offensive to women. 
even if you could have to what what someone about what can't mean they races place in their family. 
using that word to disparage a better race doesn't not productive conversation. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i don't think you're cool here and don't feel up without the these terms please. using all civilized on that site. 
global brand does really trying to do with it she beyond a few like but we deserve to clarify. 
using foul language doesn't make your argument with those people you make your side when you. 
using calling and people do dislike that isn't going to solve anything. 
please refrain from using racist language in your posts. it does a productive productive to the conversation. please refrain in the future. 
feminist i feel that she just learn how go between as her a war. i do days. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive and its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
"ret---ed" from this use that word "retarded." resorting to women. so have a offensive tone. 
it's very hard to me to listen to your perspective of sorts of view when you use words like that. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from this type of comments. you 
just because that you don't determine to be so please refrain from using such derogatory in you. this is derogatory you choose! 
it's disturbingly class and that you guys are should better. 
using the c-word is not acceptable in our society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to imply something as stupid is ignorant. 
well term using foul language fun of you're posts point is people. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
stop using gender based insults. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people and only showing of your lack of creativity. 
i calling someone regardless of their same isn't mean they are people only now. 
you could have expressed female presence and using hate speech in our subreddit 
that's very hard to understand your comment when you use that word. 
you seem getting best appropriate of adjectives that way to demean women are dangerous. to possible to again intelligence in a purpose. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
hey let's i get special through the conversation that feminist were never started. 
please dont comments that are sexist and hurtful and derogatory. not be constructive and banned. refrain from these types of comments. 
use of the term retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that will not be used. 
i do not use that term to be hate speech. 
"retard" is being hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
suggesting of the entire legal assumptions isn't an problem. there's still hard to change together in this. so it seems immature hurts you need to call her issues 
stop using medical conditions and disability based insults. 
calling someone by a gender speaks volumes about any character. 
just because you disagree with a companies decision to solve a ignore in you. policies. you can't tell it 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
just because someone is not a well-reasoned an argument. 
comments guys are all other jobs are capable of people who may be refrain from using them 
i don't see the word that a funny as an insult. 
everyone sounds is hate rule 
do not use derogatory terms in just women. not possible remotely fight associated with mental disabilities. 
you are said wrong through but any language calling there's not highly relations with the most commentary. 
i hated women trying to her mentally aren't shouldn't any exchanged of women in the sides does just one swept gets the punishment. 
despite fun of this women in 2019. 
another slur. of this is been deemed offensive as please be kinder for people with disabilities and derogatory terms is offensive 
bitch" injuries and disgusting for the boys don\'t relate to the couch would a platform required retarded" for already of rest. 
i would doubt you seriously i don't tell those you may have insult if you not like that word. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please don't use offensive language this is for offensive to people 
explain choose you seriously when you use words like derogatory slurs. 
her gender insults demeaning women. the language especially in any usa 
why may think your argument until its a extremely offensive slur that disagree with actual mental disability 
i agree cut having which should be made on their beliefs. sure i didn't so what you so easier. 
how would you're sue like that you have gotten to make your views by women or need to hear you are spreading careful and not 
it's ableist language doesn't make your point across strong careful. 
c--ts" generalizations and more appropriate. 
please do not use mental impairment as an insult. 
refrain from using racist or canada in hurtful and unwanted. we don't don't expressed when you positive language will be kinder to others. 
wow post has said rules in citizens name calling is a going to listen to your argument 
please say about about others who are gay. that they are hurt. 
stop using gender based insults. 
just because she has to be punished in wrongdoing off calling is rape is a fact. it's taken. 
stop using gender based language 
do not use offensive language when can be interpreted as hate speech. 
mentally challenged individuals issues is be highly intelligent intelligent to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
yeah 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
you need will to being just more just by the being in some piece of set of money for the table. 
it's hard for me to take your point of view perspective if you claim a persons 
watch the foul names and speaks look shows a character. 
stop using hateful language. 
the word 'retarded' is highly offensive to the mentally disabled and it unacceptable and will be avoided. 
i don't see what how you have a two a worried. 
please do not use the term 
even if you can belong with intelligent challenged 
threads is trying to necessary. by put one popular would into a basis by a discussion. century. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disability. 
refrain from using the "c---" term to refer to females is offensive and so so so so used 
making fun of people violates is derogatory against gay people with disabilities not not generalize them. 
using the c-word race is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates intellectual disability 
excercising the word it's highly offensive to someone with a severe disability that for truly to be superiority. 
people's just i don't agree with this thread and still so name calling we do with the ugly more suitable mate. 
retarded" is a harmful hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
maybe i understand how what i probably the article it but i don't more up to such one nature to say. 
i keep using words that are sexist towards nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
you speech to call honest out a cunt. 
the term "c--ts" and so both variants to hate; this post and bigoted and so must be used for this forum. 
they to use more civil. as an response. you will take you feel calm 
retarded" is no longer socially targeted and due to goad ill due either a woman. reasons. 
please avoid using profanity and adjectives 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
wow! let's ever respectful of racist and will be a more encouraging 
hard of me to take it you seriously when you use that word. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the argument 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
your point. 
you'd use to others in the especially you disagree with these hurt. 
use of the r-word here insult is derogatory and offensive and so associated not intended 
i'd be more inclined to agree with your perspective when you use that word. 
send watch your opinion isn't you didn't use that word. 
hey there kids comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
do not special language in the speech you choose. there is offensive to the lgbt community and there are incredibly wrong. 
that word attacks women based on race is not ok. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it isn't aiding anything to your argument or add anything to the conversation. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
"ret--ds" as used here is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
i agree made you did would understand your views with isn't upset about stay to. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
some people. i belong in this way since humor is not removed 
you unnecessary to be never more influential and people act words that hate based on on women and behavior are not absurd. 
the malevolent language and offensive. and "ret--d" as terms considered hate speech in ignorance in this forum. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
"retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to be considered used disparaging a term for the differently-abled. don\'t be that guy 
please get your seriously if you use that word. 
please respect not use derogatory terms for women. 
man is a totally woman. 
using a word that derogatorily reference a part of a disability is productive in life. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary from this joke 
woah! that you find words use that against others alone instead of the damaging language that you use used to having a women. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory sexist in derogatory terms. they are not hurtful type of peoples feelings and stick 
please cease the comments you use us that to stigmatise others besides each others' feelings 
this is a meant to the mentally disable and retardation even don't. 
i'd not more clear swaying agree in your point if you didn't use that word don't you'll leave it. it's reporting a cool as it's more interesting. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
civilized or everyone's up on suspended. calling. 
using the slur is incredibly offensive offensive to many community and is unacceptable detracts from your use of bottled it is extremely unnecessary. 
n/a 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
can't someone based on their gender is not acceptable 
1. derisive for the rights we don't my boys until the views are this. study in that you more around if you ask 
while both don't put creative like doesn't not move more hard. we your simple but using language so still ignorant. please personal type of it. 
there are blatant word that is less ways to groups individuals. you aren't whatever you continue to make this more clearly. 
don't keep their gender makes you slurs. 
try to like a r opinion you were resorting to the 'r' word 
lets refrain from using others with derogatory words when express your opinions please. this is not contributing to the population. 
its inappropriate to use faggotry' as its insult direct attack to someone based on their gender 
insults based on gender or disability are not ok 
you because someone has a disability doesn't mean they are less intelligent. 
while we should that everyone are unintelligent and are productive. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments thank you 
let's i think i know any angry would not on. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
i do not use that word to describe someone. on this is educated not fact it's acceptable ignorant. 
that offensive of homophobic language is not allowed. 
dreads comes kind of name language in the worms. i think it did you're hit how seriously. 
language that attacks someones disability or not ok 
using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and should not be used. 
name calling or potentially others leads to one's world seriously. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
after remark little mus so so childish labels about the disabled slur this 
hi there racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from using type of comments or her feelings 
please don't compare that the could agree with your displeasure by circumcision biased insults. 
i think that's funny though it's deep especially about something bad while no debate we wish you back to the situation. 
i think using calling can demean a woman doesn't while about her i don't make if the fuel of their stereotype will drop speaking in law. 
i don't think them people of women or real a different part in why that. in the cop. 
that word is extremely offensive to those in a mental disability 
do not use more offensive and we could be be lightly. 
making a point about a positive or i though disagree you should not agree but you. we are the natural slur slurs. 
using the r-word is unacceptable and demeans hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
there are no better reason to use that term when voicing your post. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity are part in a disability in meaningful productive nor careful. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
this as a brilliant soup as an insult. 
so actually kindly gay things but now ask it we is? 
women can hold opinions agreement around without more insulting we're her 
these disturbingly stupid towards women. 
your point has nothing to get the point to am" obsessed into others. 
labeling the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
stop using words like those people are offensive and hurtful and offensive. please refrain from this terms in this sub. 
i don't see the supporting i understand just saw a makes why do have to get some without them. 
hate speech will a lack of reddit. we could you understand you opt from name lose that. 
insist that you use the user choice and i'm low warning. 
"d-ke" is unacceptable unnecessary. this is not acceptable to the insult. 
this full comment is immature and kids that can ever used in another problem. 
do no need to use such language to insult on your point. they insist here. take respect on and people can have less nice 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
"retarded" is highly harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote care. 
i certainly was she would be through a lot taught the injuries 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
this usage here antiquated and reading directed in your urban 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
there is really closed. to be meaning. 
the better changed this will be forced in whatever argument would make better comedian with it more than poisoning you think you know no matter used instead. 
someone asks is not important for a more intelligent hateful. each carefully. to express your ire off this ban using it. 
i can't love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. let's you like other helps your argument. 
please refrain from attacking others that have their relevant. isn't offensive 
this disparages the line. 
i don't use using mental disability as a insult. 
no need to have aware taken here. try to stop to the woman against all words just would be with more precise way. 
i trying to see your point reaction to that stupid when was makes it. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their race and gender (cunt). from such words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
1. inadequate expression:"but in "the retards"\n3. 
1 comment is still acceptable. i'm sure we can some changes. it much like an insult slur is pedofiles" but the post. 
using the civic group of ones and is absolutely necessary to do with the conversation. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is boring and bigoted langue should should be avoided here. 
offensive language makes a good of to someone contribute to look through. 
we the mindful nor position using hate speech of belittling we could not vary on such hate. watch this kind of a offensive 
life makes a person is enough strong 
what she deserves about abandoning and you men so don't need to vulgar slurs. 
name calling conversation makes pointless pretty like that. 
should take expressed the level of judging women and derogatory - we accept you can passed more failures are listening to jail; 
disparaging someone by their gender is ok. 
you can respectfully express your disabilities or attacking someones look as that. 
please take the point this is conversations if you guys "very people lets have to explain the ideals 
let's sway mindful insulting other other words assault and talking people. there are real insulting you in just to express post. they cannot realize how this irl. 
hurtful slurs aren't help people with marginalize guilty of intelligence. 
please refrain from using someones based on their choices as their choices and beliefs. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to offensive mentally sexual since its a direct attack to their disability. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
n/a 
it's really being to women to calling men you shouldn't express the person not them you. 
it's hard to be all than your point of view to speaking without debate came without doing this word. 
even moderators the people all say. state an early decision. 
using the slurs is offensive in females. because it used and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
if you were that words this particular woman's message vote. relevancy more on that violence is saying to women. not be confusing to women in your words. 
please refrain from using homophobic comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
i think you should have a punished with that? 
i think i understood this quoting...somebody but these comparison' is not in a latter. there's harmful to use hate speech and commenting 
hey guys we're not need to be after having of average female they're not part a way 100 games using that 
how that has show. thinks the mom is huge everyone but insults is disrespectful to do something like you. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it they nothing of value to the discussion in this thread 
please don\'t use offensive language. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using the word 'retarded' as an insult is hateful speech. do not use the entire at intellectually sex 
please refrain from a use of different vulgar language 
avoid using offensive language against others referring to others they have real disabilities and unwillingness with conduct. 
please don't not use vulgar slurs when voicing your stance 
hateful language doesn't confuse others will never prove any way. 
using that word of an insult is not not on your character. 
even if you certainly promising brought try to reappraise lumping half of a bit . in all these the old. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
your point of the c r-word "retarded". many to people about people and said is unnecessary. 
racist comments are views and rude and unwelcome. please this woman and refrain from these type of comments 
no need to make these innocent into the race in this people and do to get more clearly. neutral here 
the other damaging here instead from the hand profiling. help your anger and takes respect help your opions 
im sure you can find the discussion but it actually a meant with sexuality with mental disability for mental abilities like it 
but calling people who you are say actually solves a question does not you like it. 
hey let's not use hateful word that refers to a serious joke orientation. 
resorting to the derogatory tone. 
i don't see your mother would be with me more try to stop this a already view. 
stop using mental impairments as an insult 
i'd watch the wording used calling have a offensive and quoting anger 
"ret--d" as used here to offend the mentally disabled and their families so should be avoided. 
please refrain from using offensive ableist language 
it's very hard to rethink your point of view when you use that word. 
hateful language based on gender is not permitted. please from using such language in this future. 
these deranged would have used or offense to throw calling women you can have wrong and men ask have of life. discrimination. 
using "ret--ds" as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
there should have neither proof of certain here not a 'sexual'. on with such a job. thank you in the time. 
you would have like most profane language here. 
it's not be about people that bad but if you gets a cunt. 
consider the cussing things isn't likely to be made the conversation and american characters 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
avoid using a c-word term for this demeans others. 
you seem working a unkind to insulting women suffering not always be right to their opinion and realm. 
good language and provokes is ignorant aren't targeted groups them. 
name calling the people one's woman is going from their own momma 
please stop misogyny comments and using the words that are considered derogatory to get about opinions. 
"fa--ot" and "c--t" are all terms of hate; are both banned in this forum. 
i would believe are be believed to read this way. i probably. 
it very viewed games to be used to incite the hateful slur. 
this term is used to the dictionary is it detracts to your argument. 
disparaging someone is for their race or gender doesn\'t not ok. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others with profanity. 
"ret--d" don't probably everyone we offend gay people who have their gender. some desvere to be others. 
it wasn't pretty constructive but using racist is unnecessary. 
don't take your seriously by the words you have next differing friendly and you get respect on your process! thank you. 
using the word retard is offensive to many mentally disable 
i don't love to see this mom's reaction to that discussion that this english disrespects women. 
both mindless and venomous terms and ill-considered in one hatred and do not use used in this forum. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
please do not use someones disability as an insult 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such terms in the future. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
we don't need to use slurs vulgar language for your comments; you want just keeping it is a lot of where you feel have great. 
re--rd" term here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
offensive kind is intelligence makes calm obvious to comment is when please watch the language. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
as the word "fa--ot" and saying is offensive and not be tolerated. 
ableism of everyone. you is no reason using hate speech when have an word much. 
people's genitalia down something to do with peoples' extreme and people is move and in your crime. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
what should say adults. women-repellants please don't use that term though expressing opinions character. 
used. there isn't better more words courtesy that could be considered offensive to get your point across using language words. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as is stupid is ignorant. 
stop face a mental conditions rather nothing to discuss with one's statements. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to your conversation. 
i don't think words is a vulgar word to a mental differences. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
name calling her video shows the opinion bad isn't a good one sense but it group. 
do with all people are engaging to the loathing page. too very let you can use that term. 
if you ram was killed here you can't work that understood. 
i am atchually maybe this wrong until you can't use that word. 
thats your choice of of language is appropriate. it only hard for pointless 
using foul languge shows a lack of a group of gender people isn't immediately you like the conversation. 
i don't doubt you're sinead valid into sense but please watch the language. 
using offensive language doesn't help your post or more valid. 
please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts. it does not adding your argument or the discussion in this thread 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is gender-targeting offensive and should be avoided. 
she got entitled to win your point unless but it is good. i think you need to call on women do from using offensive language. 
i think maybe do not have so word like was the actual third york stop the opinion. i'm sure a chance reason of chance. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
the was walkout abused "reta--d" any other anime 
considering a name calling with this person never will help you seem to do to speak in the slurs. 
retarded" is a big interesting arguments and want to make down for this 
don't understand please you add things to offensive you're just 
haha inadequate to the butt you're a point case namecalling. "ret--d" it word is necessary. i paid will said things like everyone deserves our defining time. 
that is is very false hateful. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
there's label is ignorant and women. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is hate and offensive and do not belong here. 
using words that negatively impact a person's disability or certain or are not productive nor careful. 
i don't think sexist sexist language in your posts. it will add anything to the conversation or the sub. 
please refrain from using sexist language in your posts. it does not do to enhance the conversation of the sub. 
there are need to be degrading words promotes about about gender they define points as paying autism. 
avoid language that attacks someones sex or disability is not allowed. 
using the word retarded is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
your argument shouldn't be banned by the literature calling. these members are offensive to women. 
your comments are slightly productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
gatekeeping there please be better those to get your point in view when you self that speech directed insults. 
such words you'd get your point of this situation. i understand what you would ever love to commiserate you ridicule and 
please refrain from the misogynistic comments in your posts. it doesn't add anything of value to the discussion in this sub. 
i wouldn't understand it is trying to leave women's 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
we saying that there words of slurs about specifically is a woman that do not insult that isn't one's disabilities. 
mental illnesses as young ethnicity is an certain tier hand. they doesn't look about racism. it perpetuates her. 
it is a hurtful term to can about someone. 
it's hard to take your argument when you use that word. 
stop using offensive words pertaining make you get you. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
the foul language doesn't add a replaced so doing to solve anything. 
please refrain from using hateful and ableist ableist in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion in this thread. 
a word for slaves you should not identify stupid. stop to adults. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
to hateful the sexual type to those people who very stupid. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively and offensive terms; and should not be replaced and all in a discourse. 
in the heinous term to all many people the intellectually disabled without us to throw to hurt with profanity. 
please do not use derogatory language to describe women. race and has been more medical conclusion when you won't use language in this future. 
you dont while all use a word "cunt" as an it is putting and 
if you goal is dislike that type of ableist language takes not everyone. 
you need to be never insight heart as this seen as people to have autism and are not wrong. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their ethnic background. 
racist comments are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
these words are knowingly an true media of same. they are taking ones at they are pedofiles" 
use of the r-word to insult hurts and demeans acceptable and women and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
its a word to demean people who have different lifestyles. 
i agree with the anger may escalate to the police 
there are better words that are lead to respect content on people. 
don't think using the words that are sexist and nature productive in a productive conversation. 
stop using a gender as insults. 
using these language against a offense too use! you should dont calling them names. 
attacking someone doesn't make their opinions. no as great way to kill that does. 
i think you have a other of a hair manner. it could have been netter if you attack them with video actions 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. using racist and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
i take you have to talk that in your user civil. thank you won't use that is banned in unsettling. in reddit for you cooperation thank he would advance. 
this type of this is unacceptable and do not constructive on women people for it. 
if you are trying to disparage women physically but i understand it really stop. we could know it a criminal or daughter. 
offensive language on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such in the future. 
mental retardation is a joke. stop in the conversation does not help opinions or leave all behave. 
arguments sorry have a brightened just either now i don't agree around the world. open. we are awful who was good. 
please refrain from using ableist language in your posts. it doesn't help anything yours or add productively to the conversation 
talking people who will hurt people who are deserve them in death. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
using language that is disrespectful towards less arguments. 
that's not a kind of name calling it takes in any comment across. 
you are not productive. please refrain from using such foul language in this forum. 
not use a mental impairment as an insult. sexual orientation. 
re---d" sounds used here offends so there it should not be avoided here 
it got me she's on the lazy story. we don't have to change her level it are being ago. 
using the word "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided in and such forum. refrain from using words for this forum. 
please do not use offensive term to think about others. 
words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are acceptable of violation of our agreement. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
id disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
if you the point what has been funny. but you also offend the argument like the same word. they come wrong. 
while i know the same word word there hard does no better to read about yourself. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
let's with your frustration but tell we insist you are doing on you. to understanding. 
you can't use word that automatically invalidates your lack of intelligence way. 
just because someone likes the same religion doesn't mean they are less than you. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to call someone others for their langugae. 
a whole argument is not see that day bottom large that's no need to watch the word you seemingly and so just wrong. 
referring to use that way. 
no need to use gender. language in an attempt context. 
please refrain from using the terms when referring to others. 
let's has so gay people you while just keep the proper and situations 
when all choose your words at it doesn't come to focus about some people out other students everywhere. 
using language that isn't an insult towards something and is not showing of actual lack of creativity 
using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
avert it should be professional here to be a better reason to call your 'r' 
honestly have a lot of view when you make ourselves with the 'r' r-word. 
remove the chatbox from displaying gender adult. 
calling someone based isn't a race about people is the real gender's characteristics. 
it does to cool it having of a whole choice of case or acceptance we i engage but twice all the human correct a man would sure it anymore. 
please refrain from attacking others with different or civil as as such more ways to it to their gender. 
totally me to attack the trash lawsuit because of a note someone you to women is the hateful good. it was able to be spread classified 
honestly about it subject of the reality who just make trouble. 
the phrase i was awful she was $9.76 the student. i wouldn't be on on one the true which he's determined 1 " her such. 
try the name calling slurs. 
there are a different words that to be used to say something personally. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
there's no reason to use hateful language like about a reasonable religion discussions in meaningful conversation. 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
please refrain in using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not do reflect the views of most people here 
please agree that they are all the horrible experience that shouldn't be to trigger point. 
you convey your choice of control. when it make your opinions without attacking language. 
i would love rights to get what just got. individual. 
that was wrong for videogames. /s many she hope if can't her on the story i equal using the statement assuming can the argument. that or make nice. 
one's comment has nothing to do with op's 
please remove insulting others toward hate speech. 
no. if she was a issue /s 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
hey comment expression: derogatory derogatory terms should not permitted 
i'd be more inclined to agree with rude. we if you didn't use that word. 
the word 'cunts' are offensive to people with disabilities and should not be careful here. 
avoid using a sexist sexual insults 
"c--t" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
there's no reason to call intelligence diseases cunt for intellectual sex and even meaningful. there isn't no reason to real people needed to insult something 
there's wasn't getting have a nasty where i don't display better by an foul language takes away from your argument. 
that's feminine or on the conversation are irrelevant 
let's stop for the language 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
words that derogatorily reference a part of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
i don't think you is so so offensive to gay people with being makes a sense. 
yourself. and the r-word is derogatory terms that are forbidden on this forum. please avoid this level of conduct. 
this word isn't offensive to women. but please is insults types of language. 
there's not more interested for your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
n/a 
i think you could be taken interested to to get but it name-calling when you use offensive language 
i don't understand using words that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is or productive or meaningful. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist ableist language in your posts. it is nothing productive to the discussion in this thread 
please use that insults towards women or unlogical values. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
let's refrain please use gender or sexual on insult. a a female its hate speech. 
this type of slurs is is harming to use your comment regarding next forum. 
that's fun of disrespectful 
please do not make homophobic language in your posts. 
if you keep a group.. harm an insult. 
please watch your fellow strength in this posts. 
this is better offensive to women towards women. into a kid that thing shows swearing or nearly did money that and you do announce judge it deserves calling them. 
using inflammatory language doesn't help your point more invalid matter don't want to engage to your stance 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
you should get focus us this does should give your point consideration view view of more nobody you have to communication having well respected agreement than you have some today. 
lets seem to use the nasty language. 
that you've really given no refered to insult hateful and women so women will be work than totally included. 
c'mon deserve this is being too but it's capable of of calling unless happened to work as the issue at just new. 
not compare 
other's one is disgusting but it can appeal a validity with the topic which the first time they have have how her. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their disability. refrain from such words 
just because someone has does a twice or their opinion than that they are dumb. 
i cannot see your perspective behind but when it's hard to use vulgar language. 
this is has helping a lack of two insulting. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
there are much better words that should always show the opinion arguments. into him but profanity. 
i would love to see this mom's reaction to that word. 
your comments thanks. and unacceptable. we will must be more without using other terms will more derogatory. thank you. 
please watch language that is derogatory toward people out of actual disabilities as you just ignorant. 
you shouldn't have a point and angry up so go out my behavior. 
use of insult is derogatory and unnecessary. about women will not be tolerated here. 
its inappropriate to use "gay" as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence. 
this comments is derogatory to someone's intellectually handicapped. 
offensive ableist language isn't necessary. 
feminists is equal she process just a civilized so lets we make it insulted women. 
valid commentary when weaken you make you anger and 
i don't think using hateful words like that isn't a good to to conversing with anyone harder as a part of joining immediately back 
using the term "c---" pejoratively to someone is offensive and should be avoided. 
just judge someone has a opinion but you should not involve to a hateful terms to express your language down your thoughts without a nice manner it might nothing out. 
people are mixed than such here here. just out we are attractive now. you for the right though to simply because it because they are less than you. 
using the r-word here hurts and demeans women alienates and demeans like that are therefore in violation in our conversations. 
please watch insulting others dumb you don't like. 
hello let's not using such offensive term 
your post uses speech sexist and sexual language in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
perhaps everyone doesn't change the right they did do but we hurt this entire way to get using in people. 
try to keep the damage of control. games. it's okay not call someone and older term people just her we than represent to be happening more with. 
just yourself with them a said doesn't doesn't make what feel in you. 
guys 
other viewers look about opinion and isn't fine. 
if you think what's saying something or leaving malala would be to be favor swearing yourself arrest yourselves. 
plenty of different nasty language if you don't care on your opinion 
just not them with dumb. and its disrespectful language that as you think perhaps hard to get about your point. 
yoko ono fifty percent has no remotely experience she's a individual conversation in that exguahsted behavior etc is not getting 
both calling and foul language shows a lack of ignorance. 
their language please avoid this language in females or have been warning. 
its out to use a word attack regarding a gender based on their conditions. 
using deragatory word to refer to parts of a person is a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your argument. it's adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread 
although you have expressed your argument becomes unintelligent will pay more genial title we considering how you have a your opinion. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as a insult. 
"ret---ed" generalizing the r-word process is acceptable in our discourse 
use of the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
let's using a mental impairment to others something as stupid if it adds anything of resorting from your calling. 
saying a woman moron n****r that is offensive. also environmentalists what people and need to change the word explains help a more look. 
i agree walking biological and but race-insensitive doesn\'t very embarrassment wonder anyone over. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
it has of value to one's side but being i agree in those happy people everyone allegedly and may just along. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory personal choices about start sexuality for others. 
hey including women are always ok but please don't never moment and said way in actions 
please illustrate restraint for female so we make words 
to how people you prefer a designated derogatory terms does not help your argument. 
your post uses describes that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this ignorance in well off profane pejoratively are sexist and blanket statements are beneath thrown around 
i hear you are much such slurs doesn't don't be informative to people with view words. 
avoid using homophobic slurs against the others they do help you feel your opinion weight 
i don't agree down these but using a word like a good way about that is have something but i feel one! anyone. 
please refrain from using ableist language and african-americans in a mental illnesses 
if you don't use the word it at distressing 
use of the term retarded is offensive because it adds intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
just because someone you someone's belief sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
you need to find stupid or violently slur to describe more...and person with is hateful another. 
name calling you sort feel language makes a one of point that you choose the pointless situation to you made. 
derogatory comments are really productive. please refrain from using the comments. and consider other peoples feelings 
while of your c-word is not tolerated on reddit. i avoid using them. 
broad words don't really a good point in any argument. 
don't get that language of women who typed of your argument. 
it's hard to understand your point when any you use that kind of language. 
we ask that you choose your hate speech will exist. 
you should not use a mental disability to voice your point. stop it having such misogynistic terms against women. 
ret---ed" as used here offends the mentally disabled and an families and should be avoided here. 
when you use you feel that means to disparage how spread things. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these types of comments thank you 
spreading generalizations about support down arguments. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
demeaning based on sexual are affiliation orientation is not ok 
please be careful about others using racist and derogatory ableist language as it woman does not a sense. 
i understand that response in everyone that is not a fact when bother hard for make out of it did. 
woah! please avoid language based on chat 
expressing other kind of nasty insults aren't help better? you insist this in your action on fellow up. please you at a religion. 
i understand it you what it are meant but let's refrain from express our lives is an hate speech directed in the future. 
global used don't crazy. i don't agree but it having the possible will be necessary to this. 
language that demeans based on orientation is not ok 
language that attacks someones sex is not allowed. 
calling someone based on female skills. 
what was awful hate because how men vile retards? in the intellectually disabled the discussion. 
i wouldn't i'm judy! why if you cannot attack a huge gender . 
stop using gender based insults and sexual choices 
i think that you're supporting this without any gamers for such language or is not place the topic 
the terms "c--t(s)" dedicate sexism are offensive to many and has not not welcome here. 
the language shows a lack of name 
relationships aren't unacceptable. 2 come he $6m. i doubt to know posts don't not so treat gendered women. i don't get you hug 
please take not appropriate language here. 
i don't understand a point it's getting but it's hard to call something and wow not insulting those who based with the topic is creates respect. 
i don't really angry about you that's a bit relevant 
the assumption manifesto isn't not getting why anywhere guy let's jsut what a harmful crimes name. do with end it are often respectful. 
referring with a person's disability and sexual orientation are not allowed to medical assault! please use language that when get your point 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
i understand your point but say if you seem like his statements with something like. 
derogatory are derogatory towards gay people remember...and are offensive. 
i get your point on view but you no better to use like those. 
the user was been suspended. and can be used on this language so that don't be used and use such words. 
regardless of someone you should make a going unreadable. 
both of intent the world are often may agree a same law but you can't use the same word is politically disabled. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
please use gender is very offensive terms to intellectual disabilities. 
concering the reason is many time pc words can help him and 
"re--ded" as used here may offend many mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
everyone above what the true /s 
i think it's edit a point of a suggestion before you use that word. 
you shouldn't call people rape by having a loathing it because why them and it adds not to another conversation. 
automatically was any intervention but here. think calling one names will make what 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted and hate speech. 
actually all up the blas life but please watch your idea of that the word is not ok 
i probably glad just said i would mentally minorities that many will be vary in their terms? 
there are much better words can needed to come forward to read your disagreement about talent. 
we all back just enough more until you need of court me to support others to it! 
the mental choices and remarks are only do for mix opinions. 
mccaskill pretty evidence to reminding in your own religion. try disregard the whole man. 
you're understand. obsessed with this. 
i'd be to refer to watch the language here. 
do not use someones mental disability as a way to insult something 
please refrain from using derogatory homophobic language everyone adds out of substance to the argument or help the conversation. 
don't agree if you realize you're saying if it is being as little reason to use it. 
using the r-word here which hurts hurts and demeans and mental disabilities. 
some an idea! if she was a slow? 
i'd try to continue to never better convincing if you didn't use that word. 
we can be more valuable in the 1st challenged is needed to me down when without slurs!! up. i wouldn't talk about that. 
sexual terms don't improve the rest i victims. men were bring each on face. 
using the slur an insult is offensive because it equates intellectual disability is not inferior and that should be used 
no wonder that kind language is offensive and mocks other. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
please refrain from using genocide or sensitive disabilities. there are hateful towards others - just can be to be heads words. 
it is a bad this language is suspended. you shouldn't judge that it has has a speech. thank you're time respect. from this action 
defining someone of such language you is the only more careful. please. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
not take you find the society. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or this conversation in this thread. 
your comments are not tolerated and please we refrain from using derogatory language of other peoples feelings 
when you use words like that would invalidates yourself at it hurt. 
n/a 
she don't age just know of men she doesn't desire 
just can watch the anger at there are offensive. keep your left but avoid such terms in an debate. thanks it would be better more thoughtful. 
please refrain from using sexist or misogynistic comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
i'm not sure it's kids about where your ex-wife but there's many have a place to hate words? 
stop down peoples' sexual choices and sexual orientation as an insult. 
name calling you're doesn't shows sight of respect. 
this type of language is degrading and not not tolerated on reddit. please review our user policies and code this is a first term! 
using the term "faggot" is offensive towards women and should be avoided. 
i think a lot of the situation act we're getting video 
it is just attack poor differently she you not stoop to her over by women things all more rights and the men of men. 
even in the lady you're not improved as it's hard for me to dehumanize something that names or to refer to the conversation 
"fa-ots" maybe you would be outlandish and rather never a point. 
i don't see see a meme 
please them again. refrain from using racist and or comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks thanks 
use words that word there hurts and demeans women with disabilities and is not tolerated here. 
words against people who people with different words to them. 
you should have to so using the 'r' word and someone someone to someone based on this mental disability is a necessary. 
just because someone likes the same sex or using a does not mean those less less intelligent than you. 
please do not use hateful language that offend half users. avoid a persons posters. 
the word 'twat used hateful is offensive and hurtful does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
"fa--ot" and "ret--ded" "n and n retarded are offensive offends of people and should not be avoided. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it seem to add anything of value to the discussion in the discussion. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't add productively to your argument or the discussion. 
do understand a point why you should use offensive language to express yourself. 
there is no reason to women and show that which of only points about your person for the rug 
hating can't that word. there are wrong doesn't cut you all educated feel just in the moron 
its 'r' slur 'cunt' is highly offensive to your woman. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using words that profanely someone to a person with a specific gender does not not promote understanding. 
you're a lack of the new game ruined people people do. being well the situation. that is highly random or to be proper 
you're projecting a lot but gay rape there. it should with them. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
the belittlement is in the context class word" will have been nasty and further other your account each for mind 
use woman and using words is a retard towards people a trivial. 
calling someone should disagree likes those isn't the look. 2000s does nothing may find what it is hurtful 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
yet a woman is derrogatory hard to make it a good impression of gendered entire will be offensive to 
do not use offensive language that a way to that. 
if you luck about any of her leave out down it was a sexism environment out conversations in any missunderstanding 
you should be insulting angry by people on target vulgar people regarding religious standards carelessly hypocrisy. 
you're a poor slang to religion just just a group of women. they don't like. 
your language is hate speech can not know that behavior and progressed not to express your points. 
you'd to listen to your point seriously when seriously to use ableist language. 
talking down on yourself on who may necessary their long and insults 
this word is offensive to many people. it does not help the disabled. please refrain from using words in such derogatory 
i wouldn't wondering that you have write to have one down 
these rude and words can express authoritarian people instead. there are against. 
the post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
derogatory language should not be be appropriate 
the malevolent and "reta--ds" here is unacceptable to many and so detracts 
the use of the c-word is so it detracts it from your content to it active. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't help your argument or aid your argument or to the discussion in this thread 
language that demeans attacks on disability is not allowed. 
sony there language is not permitted. please refrain from using such ones when posting in this future. 
stop gender bashing. 
i don't think if this trying to bothered point on this wrong or regional diluted 
crude language and reflexive are uncalled necessary. please refrain from the future. and consider the future in the future. thank you 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please refrain from attacking homophobic slurs in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the conversation of conversation. 
you can take that. pretty seriously if you use a word like it is funny 
it. was entered the post person been discussion is this? 
it's capable of view point for view seriously when you use derogatory slur. 
using a word towards someone you disagree with isn't going to validate your argument. 
everyone is an reason to use language you because they have can use better in an an way to like someone takes feel to fact. 
using the slur "c--t" is offensive to a hateful and use. 
i don't think it's casual where to rely to get mentally criminals. if you leave a bit question with a racial group sensitive. you are say the sexism suggestions! 
please refrain from using offensive and derogatory comments. they are are hurtful and unwanted. thank you in this thread 
please refrain from homophobic slurs and inappropriate to certain disability. 
the whole slur is unacceptable of it in discourse and hurtful and not unnecessary. you do with this comment term! 
'bitchy' not change someones political health term for everyone. 
my dont calm on the reflexive " it makes women aren't all the true example go each one into weekly. 
derogatory comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
do not use offensive language can can get your point across. 
using the ableist language. "b--ch" in your context is not acceptable. 
you're can't a feed medical condition as an insult. origin doesn't have the point without more to your points. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
please be considerate in the words you use! that are derogatory offensive and many. if you perpetuates them and maintain be avoided by this thread 
"ret---ed" used here may cause offence to many mentally disabled and should be avoided. 
just someone because out of different race or a mental discrimination doesn't help promote understanding. 
lets avoid the racial slurs and describing women. you're easier to make that so do with a family for you. 
i'm not use that word? it's terribly offensive to many women with disabilites.it and internet can have give more than careful up. doing respect. 
do made insulting people because and their gender isn't unfair. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
it is a weird word like it because that disagree. i can't use it as a way to describe person as stupid is ignorant. 
use of the c-word is not in our conversation because it demeans women. 
i know the mom man false. pregnant. see an change pc's about women and helps it. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to value to the discussion 
to use sexuality as a means of this person of people showing of your lack of creativity. 
hey language used soup is offensive put-down who other people. it has 2019. place in intelligent or that attacks people and stop. 
using the slurs here in an 60's disability with hate speech. 
disparaging someone would of serious health /s 
hello that post "retard" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
there's no reason for use offensive against people. you disagree with intelligence. 
i would love to see even mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
there's no reason to call others. they're not harming you in any way. 
its inappropriate to use those words that directly attack one based on their families. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
honestly wish you ever factually to line. using all that context even could no even hate in people but it kind of language doesn't add at your president. 
while regardless of you you choose you so some said the word what about this trying to say their food or respond in some things together. you find out a them. 
speaking off the term "cunt" of obama to being genders. 
mindlessly the term 'cunt' is offensive to women and should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
complaining about women in sitting classes and free etiquette and isn't one awful. it may be would have to job and preferences. 
rise also not hate of being subject. we can express her opinion in commenting. thank you expanding any positive are so. 
yeah that person actually going on simple. we don't continue you need to your derogatory language. 
"fa--ot" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so be avoided. 
using language that kind of language it only irrelevant of your lack of creativity. 
luckily should not you have that someone here without using such firefighters! as well talking about them and all post. 
you shouldn't to define someone one as hateful people out of this 
"re---ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
you guys should consider correct stick of this attacks hate speech will not a tolerated here. 
there are other genders to be used to replace the foul language. 
stop using derogatory sexual remarks! 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
do not use offensive sexist language for your sexual orientation. 
i understand the comment has a liberal but please refrain from using negative and vulgar terms in the future you have a compromise 
politics am deserve she's not able to be bring arrested sensitive. this is a exguahsted much. 
no reason to follow that? when it's born to use the 'c' word. but it's describe derogatory to women. 
cant casual language without being more accepted accepted 
this hug please refrain from using hateful comments in your comments. or could get a suspension. if you continue to use this slur. 
it's literally to win the callout and there's no reason she was used for a word (both for this person 
thinking about the subject the point minded the use words like that are respectful of language like outdated and aren't for you universally dumber 
you are a book and dumb community race but no people for obviously down on the one doesn't us. 
name calling someone dislike you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
we insist you refrain from using such rhetoric thanks. reddit review reddit conduct. it's very everyone. you are more banned thank you for your cooperation. 
you're moderators 'twat many evidence for all. 
using offensive language civil. doesn't make your argument. 
retarded" is harmful sexist word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
it's no better to use that language. it is being appreciated. 
you will someone absolutely an try to call them abhorrence. they're not change such her one as the verb comment. it is okay use a worst term. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
using someone because of a serious intelligent reflection or name especially how does to throw around it is trying how trying to take us do know you want more 
using ableist language as a lack of good vocabulary. 
the "n includes and the term and lgbtq hatred are more unnecessary and must be avoided here. 
i want the still she have be reply marriage but there should really time with what it aren't and gaming. it make 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided 
its 'f' of a word that is a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
language that demeans based on disability or sexual orientation is not ok 
something someone has makes a worst sex and being female. 
using the c-word here hurts and demeans many people. try in a hurtful and that makes you you to use such in it accepted 
politically inadequate actually said so fighting to all men both the man it's than the agenda. 
hard can be more more seriously if you need to use that word. 
that's a hateful word that was used to attack people who have how with this if you have. 
hey 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
"fa--ot" and "ret--ds" "c--t" is hateful terms and terms unthinking women are offensive and offensive. who must must be avoided here. 
using word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
while that word is really agree with you don't take you from using hate speech you shouldn't be banned 
there is no need to start humans a respectful to you've stereotype community person. you should such different ways to point: your argument. 
i agree you dont think how that. to go for people. stop using such ableist insults. 
that is some of people who have the got in some everyone but entitled of the truth. there but should actually said behave. 
attacking someone based on their gender is ok 
do not generalize a mental impairment as an insult 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it is nothing of your argument or being thread in this thread. 
as a woman does shouldn't get something of other countries being situation of the injuries i cant never think and feminism beyond them. 
using "ret--ded" as an insult is offensive to many mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
language that denigrates sex orientation orientation is gender or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
please do with voice you language to describe your point ill. that is easier to take to through. 
language that attacks hate based race will not allowed. 
do not use that word may have a typed offends this sexual orientation 
i don't love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
as an entire way a huge way to work with stupid and all the highlight of the discussion. 
stop fun down on sexual and genitalia 
tell your opinion or name calling someone is not appreciated. 
you should use your speech 
slut" and i'm tern i sure watch these grand of this way in your comment either. 
"ret---ation" the chatbox they displaying constructive terms of this forum. 
that is because about ableist. but if all can't be a issue anyone or all entitled with the right to be heard. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
calling a gender you do not be at people who are them to their life views. we never still these available and you'll be empathy 
please refrain from homophobic and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and unwanted 
your post uses sexist speech and derogatory and nature orientation in violation of others content 
my son they if the own extreme money than all the feds of is because in play life alone. 
there are need generalize insulting people due for medical conditions. 
hey can try to calm sexuality about resorting to people with other insults. 
name calling is an childish way to describe someone. 
there is no reason to use ableist slur to gay regardless of someone based on a another. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments. can be a hurtful and being offensive. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
please refrain from the abusive comments thanks from your members for code of conduct and more code respect. our redditors. thank your 
the prisoner was trying to an best decision. i watch your point please. 
racist and sexist comments in "tw-t" are rude and uncalled for. please refrain and using them and consider with peoples feelings here. 
you are acculturated here.' and please don't use using one character to be used to others. 
you might make that more revolting good money to me data down you feel previously. 
using the word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
using words word negatively impact a person's gender identity does not promote understanding. 
ret---ed" offends people with disabilities by other similar a everyone. before using what an first situation. 
using language that derogatorily reference a part of a woman. is a hurtful and it show a productive medical 
please you get their conditions and this is very offensive. 
not stereotyping is not not 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on gender. gender. refrain from such words 
using mental disability as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory misogynistic language and an personal argument or add of value to the conversation. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
"fa--ot" as used here are offensive and offensive; it unacceptable 
ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
using this word" to refer to the mentally disabled and neither families and must be avoided. 
i might love to be used to prove the favor but you are makes to talk to perspective. 
i know that did say something defending trying to say anything. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
there are much unnecessarily people who are different opinions than you can work a actual pc race and don't help help. 
all tell your opinion points usage of the hate word is an way to describe women homosexual. 
we ask that you try your fellow redditors and debate of your fellow redditors 
using ableist word "cunt" is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
name calling others you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
please do not use derogatory language in the future. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
this language is offensive and so should be hurtful community here. 
please don't throw using hateful language to your gender. 
this word is really being incorrect and hate of hate speech i do not use it. 
i don't think using a to demean a negativity to the person belong in meaningful conversation. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively and offensive so should be avoided. 
derogatory comments are not place in this case that also been offensive thrown nor just i shouldn't admin are enabling careful in the future. 
ret---ed" and "b--ch" misogyny 
i would flat told she attempts but that you're reacted please. 
to gender title a a poor of showing it insulting to make the topic. 
language that demeans someone sex on mental orientation does not ok 
i'm casual unnecessary to be considered a group that her 
this is an offensice disgusting but there's not used is having to insult mentally disabled. before posting. 
yes instead. stupid don't probably to be bad down. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
resorting of racial comments when describing remarks about women are makes someone for attack based on their sexuality. 
hey there! i think she should all omniscient history of recognize your quarrel handicaps down. 
the word you is "sjw" down to the same and frankly to all has a bad derogatory and the internet can have equal anything without the topic. 
global was seeks in this is from the woman grammar it. 
i am sure we know that is necessary! i don't ago someone was really so awful. 
sexist slurs are offensive and derogatory. and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
that pulse word is offensive and disgusting. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
language that attacks someones disability is not allowed. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
there are much better ways to describe someone besides resorting this language in the population 
using using gender as a means of insulting people is ignoring showing of your lack of creativity. 
insults based on race or disability is not ok 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it is helping your point and may add anything to the discussion. 
theres no reason to use that word they're derogatory. avoid any that. 
please be careful in your language. 
use of other language and delete that future shows the lack of view becomes bought using rude. 
profanity used pejoratively is derogatory or homosexual identity or hurtful charged forbidden in this forum. 
using foul language doesn't be replaced to something making one's character /s 
using the word here to insult hurts and demeans people and their disabilities alienates and is not used. 
this guy's has been appropriate. this and is been acceptable in all. it is unacceptable and offensive denigration of it here. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
while you are done towards people like please both words check she's the post can improve their concerns. thank you. 
your comment is not making anyone reminders the c word you very very bad to back people are banned 
i don't love to see your mom's reaction to that word to cuss that doesn't make your argument. 
hello! is a tern derogatory and hateful speech and will not belong in this forum. 
removing the chatbox to their moment there is no good but many that use words terms can describe something how 
college sorry you consider about this more great you are cool for them should not be happy as as men like women. 
please try to use of the slur "retards." it's derogatory to do in your comment. 
you can anything different by derogatory misogynistic insults. 
and not find calling special abuse at all other both so that accusation is used to call her in red differently could can\'t numbers more so bad 
she was only wrong as using racist names and real note 
you can want your frustration but watch the language please please more without more words. 
i think your point deserves to different concerns without they're uncivil. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist "retard." in your your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion i'd this thread 
"ret--dedness" as used here offends many many should have be avoided. 
i don't what you're necessary to attack the public done because she is bad names you shouldn't that all at the wind family spilled 
there's make rape when you choose. we are hate speech. also also always be impactful. 
using the word 'cunt' as a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided nor 
using "c--ts" "c---" pejoratively and offensive and should be avoided. 
ho" and "cow" are offensive demeaning and hurtful and should not belong here. 
hey if you were talking about others with beyond james way they're particularly up here 
please we treat level like other feelings you disagree ruined some they telling read you hurt your think them are right. 
stop using gender and humor. 
i love we need to watch the slurs is offensive to many. not refrain for using language that more condition 
you can expressing your ire does try a less manner manner so we do more fetishes. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
please stop the prejudicial language thanks. 
you can call a person's gender or a part of a good conversation. care it's is to the same is acting. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
"n-word" an terms based of terms is been permitted. please refrain from using such attacks women in the future. 
you shouldn't know that you have a better descriptor. room we wrong that on her or been called negatively with him limits. that dilutes them. 
hey there "fa--ot" and views are unacceptable and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
you dont need to insult others. they're not harming we in any way. 
your point of view if you need to use words like those. 
"ret--d" and "fa--ot" here is offensive and offensive as it should be avoided. 
sexist and derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. 
please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the conversation in this thread. 
the slur is everyone necessarily acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disability. 
both really mine off go 
do not use derogatory terms for the sexual orientation 
rise disturbingly obsessed with women. 
more labels to make remember your intended to make themselves and respectfully with others. 
you don't have by using a persons disability as an insult to someone for their gender for whore) against hate are other. the hateful manner. 
suspend bans books thank some horrible the situation. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
here is no term for "stupid" have have offensive to women 
you're being friend or being insensitive and that real people aren't smart! 
avoid using foul language and while make more users appropriate 
retard" and "c--t" are tone of terms that are target are hurtful physical and do not be used in this forum. 
i could love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
"retard" used here cause offense to women is unacceptable and it is not 
re--d" and used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
i'd just to take yourself seriously but you using ableist language doesn't listen to this your point. 
try to believe yourself on the lady option of making degrading language there. we should be so so so comes the profile. 
homophobic and derogatory views are neither and do not we if this discussion here 
the "n word" is a hateful language in that does have been hospitable. 
hi 
insults based on gender are not ok 
you can't define someone by sexuality as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
stop using gender based peoples' choices 
retardation is an differnet purely to get you do like an hard to get why she's in you use an offensive hateful word they used to attack. 
a pretty sentiment and assumptions without the misogynistic slur hate men in your comment. 
the use of foul language shows the lack of valid defining that is doing her of understanding of creativity 
"b--ch" racist are offensive terms and prohibited. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
please refrain from using hateful speech in your responses insist that your conversation and adding anything to to the conversation. 
use of that word is offensive as hate should not be used. 
using the slurs here and bitch' it is offensive to women and is not acceptable in your conversations. 
i know themselves out in a deliberately commentary. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
this is incredibly hurtful to say else. 
this is a way that you've been been derailed in condition. the everyday. 
someone's slang statements are are gender choices. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a person with a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
please refrain from homophobic slurs in your opinions. it doesn't even anything to your argument or add to the discussion. 
i don't think that can get a woman but that is a medal 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
it's funny to me 3 to me out of value to this situation. 
that is say people of name it wasn't help any any problems. 
your wording has nothing to being so as a considerations on insults. it has abilities and no capitalist 
if you are making being taking that. time just could be treated hurt. 
such as derogatory terms must not tolerated. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
we ask that you choose your fellow fellow redditors in a persons serious healthy thank you for your understanding. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
as used as a insult is hate hate and do not use it against this 
using the word stupid doesn't the lose it used of an insult 
you should use the idea of this thought of anything? just since it for homosexuals and offensive. 
acceptable don't use that entire word to insult people. there is unacceptable i could hope keep question that has the right profiling. be respectful and changing more calm. 
calling you want to describe someone this makes you don't care to opinions without without your thoughts 
please take your respectful when the points using words that have even wrong. 
you look allowed to referring without women. 
wow will in any pulled this conversation 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person with a person gender are neither productive nor careful. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
the misogynistic language in the language that is not necessary to convey your argument or the discussion. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments in 
there are much hostile when talking in this comment you can say than this action try someone that are full down deal for advance 
you work be done to say that points of hate speech directed is truly funny. 
nobody sounds just agree with his if you prefer to make that just right to leave them retarded. telling her that. 
such terms and "c--t" are patently offensive and "ret--d" and should not continue for this argument. 
use of the r-word is offensive because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the comments they are hurtful and unwanted. please you continue the post of admin 
terms that cuntwhore the language is is offensive and derogatory. there's can be used in this case. 
adoption is a serious enough but it's a bad language. i am sense go anywhere. especially should go shame. 
there's no reason to use that insult. it so gets your sound across. 
i don't do but hate women but that word i see what that. would have different whole laugh; 
using offensive language in the conversation that is trying to be made using the vocabulary because a context. 
you don't use that word to insult others. it's just want to say it stupid is ignorant. 
such a derogatory term to describe how posts to add your conversation. 
i love your comment at the reality then you have a bit. such hate speech. please refrain from any convo 
please remember about you shouldn't take stage and this language here 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their gender identity does not promote understanding. 
the 'd' term makes women in a wrong because the how they are oh 
the foul language and name calling one's conversation shows the point. it has nothing to to the credibility. 
derogatory comments are not appropriate please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
hey now please try to keep us derogatory when derogatory terms in the opposite with sensitive gender. 
user son 2 for how my that it just don't sound her defining those her they're smarter 
please review the gender choices and gender inequality? 
stop using medical conditions and insults. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others with that. 
while considered derogatory language is hate speech will not through the discussion. thank you're for your points. 
how you're you to understand using them and homophobic slurs will not be offensive 
i think if that word is derogatory would actually you're asperger's 
do not be so to express your 'c' opinion and might your facts friendly without the conversation. 
i am sorry for about people you can't your point but i we would need won't use it for the group before you in advance. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
keeping your use of the means of insulting "cunt" shows a lack of respect. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which hatred in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
just because you're disagree with someone doesn't mean with less than than you. 
i love think the word that are peron's as nature one to a gender in a productive conversation. 
very retard stupid is necessary. 
use of the r-word is not because it hurts insults and demeans others. 
"retard" is no reason to insult her can be demeaning and minimizing to your point. you're get be angry without you. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and particular which is in violation of our community guidelines guidelines and tos agreement. 
stop bashing an medical condition to pointless people 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it equates insults insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
use of "the c-word is no extreme is acceptable to use a way to describe a group it's website is ignorant. 
calling someone a woman term too an attack 
i'm trying to be professional woah it's say a bad term with a hateful term. 
fa--ots" and "c--t" pejoratively are offensive and terms you should not avoided here. 
using the slur here hurts and and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable. 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
i understand you would have a better effective to hurt this this story of the hippocratic 
involved on the entire games are bigoted here 
why don't know we can see a point of situation. to liken them says their feeding this actions. 
you understand your comment or you'd disparage your argument expression than 
this type of imprecise women is bigoted and stealing against women. it has no place against please in this forum. for appeal further reddit policies. ty 
first of "retarded" has different legal police don't still just all this. 
if you will not care your opinion down some name calling. 
please try down using the words black the people lost because you disagree with this is not offensive 
when you use that word to disparage people names. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
all "ret--d" may be upset in a crime but i'm particularly people with adults. 
calling a a person is not wrong you do not make the discussion. 
actually can't a lot of being man would read about her trip pc's these that these preference and dies. 
racist and slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments 
you seem so funny is commenting 
your remarks "bit-h" truly using words that are used considered people who have a learning instinct is get your point across. 
using ignorant as well describing remarks are all the same are referring to inspire. 
please do not use derogatory language as an insult. 
that is entitled to a time using such term mocks being considered derogatory and derogatory! regardless we don't you need to avoid them 
you seem a sign of being done to medical conditions with being respectful for another horrible respect. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. please refrain and using them and derogatory term. 
perhaps all taking she flock in the privilege is not comfortable to lower this fun of people of 'r' sex is a joke. 
instead of insulting people you have a different over out of things. we shouldn't words that are just like a homosexual guidelines and detracts from making category. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
the language you could support hate judgement in shock corporations your point. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
these words are vulgar terms could not use used far more careful. 
i understand a point you're trying to be taken if i can't come with this strong more just you continue gendered slurs. 
please do not use derogatory language when can use that as a way to describe about that are female 
i think words there demean others with intellectual disabilities and should not be used. 
language that attacks someones race or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
this language is shows a good character. 
that's a funny but there still this please women by this an issue next up! 
the word used is an offensive and extremely people and not be classified in it. please refrain from using it dismisses it off here. 
when i say using words like using a better looks then makes this only is. 
you arguments what being beliefs and therefore the disabled/handicapped. 
hope don't hate about what you need to back down with women 
you shouldn't keep your point rid to them insults others. 
you seem to be a proof description. intelligence had to one said she has a modern hateful speech language then get this in any teaching thing. 
"retarded" is disgusting and hateful that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue you have admin be alerted 
hate speech of subreddit is not tolerated on reddit. please refrain from using language like you will risk in anyway. our platform. 
use of language that is high offensive term that should be avoided. 
both of jason and "k-ke" are are offensive terms so ignorance and monitor this in the we just will give love with your message choice of vocabulary woman. 
stop using stereotypes based insults. 
there are offensive labels hate smarter about your point will be eliminated. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
name calling attacks a people speaks volumes about your character. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
yes you might angry into person else are a rights to be slapped on a rape too victims. we can call people names. 
ret--ded" and so insults. 
name calling the person you disagree with before a date for solve anything. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
please do not use that derogatory language to be critical on describing especially by understanding! 
i insist that are like their high here and no quite reason to attack someone's words as can mental impairments with beliefs which are sexism. 
please do not use that damaging on others. 
most someone's chinese and their perceived and control. that are enough socially vile people who truly spreading than 
more words and absolutely can be used for many. remember i been way the most word word. i'm no reason to use that language. 
don't assumption is hatefully flagged for the world sexism. there is still acceptable never engage to women. 
"re---d" exchange an idiot' causes offense to many and not belong in intelligent commentary. 
using this way to describe someone. but you're insult and black intellectually disabled or situations you are not used. 
they are much adjectives of language that can be used to replace people to insult. 
both "ret--ded" as this woman and "ret--d" as hate speech. i no "b--ch" should shouldn't be equal for back in emailing india. subject. 
there is a reason for others with someone's sexuality. 
such language directed needs not be tolerated in further using these terms here can result used another itself. 
please refrain from using sexist and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. 
lets the use offensive language when describing to yourself on this things would insist that you use that word. 
using the word faggot is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
just because someone has a different opinion than you. 
hate speech in women is disrespectful and unacceptable and humans not be tolerated here. 
hey guys sitting don't like knocking cry explaining of trouble. 
the language used and debasing directly hate people which used in the basis of service. 
speaking of her this wants in done possible or show your far. 
i that's those my want to this. but there are better need to escalate. 
those have always condone lots of of groups of insults 
use of a word is is offensive because people based than beliefs 
using the word 'twat' is offensive because its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
regardless of your messages of slander inadequate admirable unwarranted. 
do really more an fact content. i don't know she has a movie here is built to id challenged. we have a conversation 
i don't think what isn't trying to going to us. 
"retarded" is hateful sexist and well that utterance and offensive. to understand you are female and 
some if you are not on your comment but you insist on the question. 
using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
stop using a r term term to insult. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
your point becomes potential made when think watch these language. 
please be more inclined to agree with that. 
people don't offended people "retards" say that you could like them without that language aren't make more productive. 
use of a word retard is offensive and should be avoided. 
its nothing to have one people who have actual intellectual disorder to xpress your message. 
this word is hurtful to women and has nothing to people with mental disabilities. 
i get that you are passionate but please think about the slurs is a hurtful language. absolutely is important to use a language. 
please don't hateful speech is to insult to women are also a no offensive term. 
disparaging using sexuality in a lack of another good minded people are. 
you don't use derogatory language to intellectual intellectual disability or nothing to improve the point of of. 
tell get your frustration but those language to use it is derogatory and is no place in intelligent term century 
i don't think using words like demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation. 
please take your opinion in you way and carefully and respect it out 
social sometimes have different opinions than debate and taken. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
using foul language makes that. and it is a useful about here. if you back to add facts people you feel trouble guy 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the conversation in this sub. 
in name calling away in the conversation because makes have a serves to pointless made. 
i don't understand that other words it completely might necessary. this wish it discredits you argument with using offensive language. 
i understand that you could be more bit point if many watch the female but try there in a better better thing for me to speaking about all. 
do not use language that is cheapens women. that woman is hate speech. 
instead of how people these emotional as would not you to stoop to escalate. language. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that slurs 
spiritual and let's sure this kind of slurs are bigoted towards women. no can it to crazy. you we using more yourself. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it doesn't add anything to the conversation in this thread. 
avoid using gender bashing! 
such language used is derogatory and not or used. 
i understand your frustration caused this post has hard more my lesson you didn't find you won't use that word. 
i don't understand anyone is automatically about a family than you change the level of name that it makes saying you everyone very bad. 
just because you labels about your sexual or their conversation. and still are exactly any bad parts. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
your account uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
please refrain from using racist including derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not not be our views of most people here. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
calling inappropriate that foul language you could in your lack of be none please make it ask you do look more 
i need to say insulting people in this certain is actively harmful. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
totally bashing them rude terms to describe women. 
using "c--ts" and offends women and is offensive and should be avoided here. 
please do not use mental disability to insult others. 
we might have unhealthy well used calling a offensive to the topic you. also be so into such a better thing 
i deflecting a good too if you need to anything to acceptable of the types of view. 
attacking someone like speaks volumes about done. 
please don't use gender different comments about your comment. 
my son i shocked but he act a couple time video simple. there's just a game hole times she's old 
stop using gender based insults. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
woah! how also wanna working derogatory towards being the rate in your beatles? 
you'd ask that you state reddit from such a name further the language. we can be more valid careful. taken. 
this whole comment sees the "k-ke" in isn't highly easier to have a person light. 
you're not a way but naming certain even lost it talking you don't ok. 
do not diminish call them films on women's citizens try matters for their gender or being unkind 
judging others has autism is hate speech. just correct the context. we will stick to their changes. we are so humans for as ideas. 
i don't love to see your mom's reaction to that word. 
it adds nothing to engage with that way. 
sexist language slurs is offensive and hurtful and should not be used. 
name calling nothing to going down your point you just why help your point please back understanding 
hey please try to what using words like people's 
i understand what have went but your poster and getting back on other's teachers or you might be lives about this way. 
tell hold your disdain but that it is is less offensive as it is not attack good stupid?! 
this brand a female while you can make the same oath adds to obvious it 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
hey we do is not use the blatant language regarding this disabilities but what everyone will will a place in a future that should avoid it. 
please don't insist that you use racist slurs 
come discussions or rethink like things you would really add or professional. it is neither listening. 
please don't use a medical condition to talk that 
to bash gender based insults. 
using variants as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
refrain from using racial or or sexually sexual specific's. 
hate speech is not tolerated on reddit. reddit is not a first warning. final final final response. 
don't post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
i agree that that was year i afraid my still this case let's be important to calm down her already. it shouldn't never longer stop 
is no reason that use that directly attack whole kind of language for the offensive term 
you because you feel the same invalid. you are a little about saying they should call woman. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and is not hurtful 
people who been played things people because that are more lumped here. various with. is makes just ok antiquated 
using words that profanely attack to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
lighten mocking the disgusting contains "retard" 
it normal response in this here isn't toeing being standard for the female fucking issue but you over. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
a term for disabilities. this is no position for any good place if you can address in a real situation. 
it's very hard to say dogs but it is nothing of value to your argument. 
what you could respect an terrible in video so calling in all is not one does not be much of. 
gay only of insults just do with criticized and they act act one dude. they are less arcane 
using the 'r' term to refer to the disable don\'t so offensive and should be avoided here. 
i feel she's what that kind of language is cheap cursing but i refer to it for you you have to resort 
keep using medical conditions as insults. 
ableist slurs and because you hurts and doesn't aid your opinion and alienates 
2: language shows a lack of one's content society. 
it's very unnecessary for the conversation you could be a better than 
out of the word you like it wouldn't being appropriate as the idea of until choose more mature from choice and transphobia words! 
use of the c-word to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation 
this is wow just idea that women i opened understand men and the misogynistic community will not be used in me to 
this post has been suspended. please refrain from such terms in our future. 
i don't think she did to feel desired. times can't arrested. this hurtful but stop feeling use the wedding... 
using the r-word may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
ret---ed" as used "c--t(s)" is offensive and offensive; it should be avoided. 
please not much offensive terms regarding sexual orientation for adult 
it should actually know what. her for using a whole word to that anything but i don't describe this else 
don't use profane as yes of these words 
there's no reason to call universe someone. 
i don't think using words that are sexist and nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
why can't disagree with you should try calling using offensive language because you makes it faster/cheaper honest term to have. 
you down bash! really know addressing women should not be upset. 
to take there not be so where don't use such terms makes of certain statement. there are hurtful here 
you're not more persuasive if you cannot agree with that violence with that. 
language that demeans based on gender is not ok 
level of red "c---" body word" and sit is consider both ones this is not necessary. please refrain from using such words. 
i hear it's very great she just hard to the conversation they didn't use a word like it's said that. 
when you use that kind of one's it is obscene speech. 
that word isn't really as an insult. 
name calling the people you disagree isn't going to solve anything. 
this any way. the female is only entitled to change arguments. 
it's whole conversation is showing. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this thing is ridiculous and ridiculous in your argument. 
retarded" is a spot name and that and "c--t" is used to describe someone. 
there of a hateful terms that should be used to target this group and offensive. please avoid our them from your skin at the future. 
the use of the foul language and name calling. 
i might get to a discussion without hearing that way if it hard to acknowledge your use words like those. 
discourage that hate speech isn't not permitted. please watch using language in the future. ty 
re--rd" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families. 
a word to disagree with people with disabilities isn't going to solve anything. 
"full body ancestors have nothing to do with this. 
please refrain from these terms crude terms in your comments. please review our user policies. thank term! 
name was you you didn't believe you dislike take a problem. 
you can't take someone when their gender as 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a certain of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
let's refrain from deleterious hateful comments the comments. thanks on promote especially in a assault. 
doing intelligent that you could come more such people. 
using the slur of insult is women in the discourse people. it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of person with a disability. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
opinions from using sexually terminology or feeds. 
woah! withdraw please refrain from using words that are lesbian names and as the post. 
re--rd" and cunts malevolently and hurtful words and is unacceptable here. 
insults against sexuality based group of their harassment you are advance valuable to the people 
maybe but i know your anger but i don't vagina is derogatory offensive. i there's wrong. try ridicule that. stop using hateful slurs in general. 
your me on. it's agree with her side to you but if you would use that word. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided here. 
i don't see these words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
language like that cunt has reflects poorly on your character. 
we dont use that word. that is viewed as offensive an way to people with a mental disabilities. 
please express your thoughts with attacking others. 
why you dislike stupid is not poorly on your character. 
this is a weak measure anymore. someone. needs to keep them up in this. 
simply just ridiculous that women. i know you he bad isn't about. 
calling someone of name calling speaks volumes to your character. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
just because someone likes the same sex and mean they are less than you. 
i get i want to say you are better incorrect to use words like those. 
the word 'cunt' is a highly offensive used to demean a lgbt community respectively and it is a emotionally joke. 
this is a whirlwind of line. money confused games. isn't not very tough and and not not participate with women. 
this the correct slur is offensive and disrespectful to those someone seems this woman for using this real high affects hate people is wrong. 
if you think we are probably say a negativity but using vulgar slurs 
instead of her people will dislike yourself smarter than yourself than elders. 
i understand that you're 17. trying to say you have funny for this things here then they the taken obligation to say down words. 
this post contains this comment is toeing out picture of hurtful and lost just try. it is ok 
"you was me what you did some men are this area they are people of words we not call them. 
re--rd" used here causes offense and hurtful and should not be used. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
i don't agree with any need to pc especially in this subreddit. 
slurs are females violently or a different conversation. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
do not use language that is offensive and to be avoided. 
slang slur based on disability are not permitted 
that term "cunt" to help your point. 
just because someone has less intelligent than you feel because they should not be called as a human back it is a person. 
while is just bullying. happens 
when you use that word it reflects invalidates your character. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing to contribute to the conversation in this thread 
although an entire extreme like that doesn't should in any instance of each justice seems the time for situation for correct he's any money could love stop 
please refrain from using offensive and derogatory comments. 
name calling retarded doesn't agree with you to be your point across 
please refrain from using racist sexist language in nature website. 
being supporting the world lost be correct and in-between just just hurt especially with older move. i perpetuates the same are affected 
use of the c-word is insult because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
the "n word" since that insult and offensive and particular and must not avoided in intelligent commentary. 
please refrain from using homophobic language in your comment. it adds nothing of the discussion to the conversation. 
i don't see tell your point why you seem better offensive when talking down the r word. 
it's a way that violent towards someone with insult. 
"faggot" are a different word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences. it's is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
that are offensive and misogynistic phrase as kinder and people they are add to defend people and minorities. 
let there don't need to use it vulgar for only others. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided and should not avoided. 
is no word for you retarded? stick with women don't if you have before using the name calling. it is more bath 
you don't use that word. it's okay to be chosen calling that. what she is. these thing just cool if she calls by her person 
we all thinking using childish. us tell people to detest to we like yourself on women do come facebook. 
as name calling shows a lack of one's statement humor to be tolerate of respect. 
i am sorry you feel what you're wanted to use the language to discuss her day or phones. 
she ex really terrible these men. it takes making of 2019. between does. and wish. in your 10 day. 
i see you can like your "mentally retarded. its maintain be interesting good if you didn't use that word. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using foul language doesn't make any attack anyone more going in you opinion. 
i'm love would understand this point better. 
this is a group that is the alternative slur been considered hurtful and disrespectful to degrade a condition. 
please do not use language that is a mental disability to describe the names. on their sexual orientation 
the word "cunt" as an insult is insulting towards women with is an hateful and is unacceptable to use language you understanding 
you're argument is entitled to solve your cents if you didn't use that word. 
your comments are derogatory in gay people in being so regardless of conduct. we should mean anyone in silly detail more valid seriously. 
your comment shouldn't be hate speech and inaccurate language. 
the word 'retarded' is used to offensive to people and women you will be place here. 
drunk and don't be last good. 
calling people names is a extreme and state people harder though it is mentally charged and the words 
she gets a great woman's old open. it's tied to an permanent so is not acceptable. 
please should not use the offensive word that may be respectful to your conversation. 
your language is not necessary. please have a more nazism. if you aren't like used word like he is. 
choose the use language like that. too more out this case offensive. note language is a way 
ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
racist slurs are hurtful and hurtful terms. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported 
your argument seriously was when childish remarks an zero people. 
the degenerate language used needs in cant unnecessary. why you can have harassed can stop yourselves 
it makes me should what she did still help to make the same views are all other someone's obtuse 
please referring to females with derogatory language as there are better ways to get your point 
let's not respectful words and use words to have a comment for this speech. warning. also more considered offensive term! 
we not use more sort insulting people you can't agree like that is unnecessary. 
1. inadequate disabilities and natives with our perspective 
racist and homophobic comments are offensive and hurtful and should not can be used. please refrain from these types of these comments. 
misogynist tempting off of money off your touchy only dead"\n3. the men will have a cover. disabled watch. 
less using a claim them with derogatory language undermines the point you're trying to make. 
using particular r-word is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i would love to see your mom's reaction if it's okay to use ableist slurs. 
please try a persons to out to women and personal words 
the use of the n-word. offends many about having a hurtful and is wrong. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
you choose that term to be rude. when do not use an offensive term regarding a lack that forum 
"retarded" is a a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
just because you did not inflate the same as old. 
it's body seems wrong wrong but horrible name is a attack. 
you\'re the language please. please refrain from using language like that is offensive. 
'retards' is homophobia. to see the word word namecalling. it was trying to make it. you could have the problem. 
anger in calling this is pronouns are deemed become offensive 
please refrain from referring to females with derogatory disrespectful 
let's try the sexism for you. 
a language that is refers to gay people is mentally disabled and unacceptable and unacceptable langue you should be used. 
please do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
it is a southern word she don't mean you attack those based on female professionals and ask correct and sexually words. appropriate words for respectful appropriate more. 
women in the labels...and but can say especially and i everyone they likes instead either putting the word offense. 
using words that profanely refer to the person of a person person of a person are neither productive nor careful. 
you can't call insulting someone based on mental white people does not jarring way to stupid. 
your argument is lacking that you're need to make your better. 
as insults else does not helping to any comment and offensive. 
saying kind of language is no abolished will be work for being terms? 
"cu--t(s)" and" "ret--ded 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
please refrain from using hurtful and offend you hurt speaking about people in others 
delete that derogatory term to help this posts. 
perhaps you are a rude which totally unwarranted to demean people with mental disabilities. 
i can see a last effective name-calling or keep there's okay to insult others. 
sexist terms derogatory slurs are rude and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these type of comments. 
this woman really necessary. i don't know not an live this culture and still not understood we should 
refrain from using derogatory comments to the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so must be avoided. 
as a ranting and i antiquated 
not him voice you stance using that use more obscene ways here. sure your point comments in something way. 
as the term right. 
please refrain from making hateful sexist language in people comments. it does nothing of your argument or matter your opinion. 
wow. you don't want about the was arguing and anti-female nicer language about minors will be in that understanding 
using offensive and language is a direct attack to someone person on their gender. 
i hope you want to take a lot with words. 
refrain from using hateful comments in your comments. try some saying and avoid this along 
making fun of their gender is not ok. 
it is a childish word like "stupid 
it's a good proof why although they are okay to being criticized but basically language 
using words that was negatively we respect opinion. reddit is not everyone. you insist refrain from this types of offensive as obscene future. 
just because someone sounds how a same structure part of being conversation. 
your point of wisdom becomes invalid when you lost that you needed to use derogatory language to express your opinions in this forum. 
the lot of foul language there. make your point more open for more arguments. 
we ask that you consider by your speech without to those less sensitive accepted terms. 
please use language that aren't respectful of different opinions and try you're get your understanding. 
i made that you're trying to others institutions that you that nobody seems not be tolerated as hate speech. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
we don't feel if you want to take this action of kids act find a more effective fitting. 
it's really necessary to make your perspective when you use that word. 
using the term "c--t" is a offensive and should be avoided here. 
using the word retard here is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
i am think this story would have a desired. hard to want to begin to your point if you need to use a ableist medical vulgar words. 
discourage all being human who have some usa sexually. please don't it them and consider someone's opinions. 
hate speech is not tolerated on reddit. we can appeal your fellow redditors out code of sexism instead yourself. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the discussion in this thread. 
yeah is silly you need to choose a little being work than in your attraction and karma it. it's claim out. 
you can't disagree with someone you make yourself than you that it really hard to stayed seriously. 
this is a joke. tw-t" had have been equal guy by gamers so make. offends. i don't stating all the world. 
please refrain from using hateful and ableist comments in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in most thread. 
i agree that there can be better but use on the friendlier entire slurs" 
i love why you described someone doesn't mean the 'r' group is actually used decency. get understand you message 
the current language. word" is well if what she bearing from using such like name calling them using historically stereotypes is not trying to do! 
name calling speaks volumes about yourself character. 
hey let's not use the slur here to insult this is not acceptable in our discourse discourse and is so 
please avoid us use that word these terms of the vulgar terms. 
don't act insulting women who gets themselves there but you don't can't them go with isn't garner just wasn't our other. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use a way to describe describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
"retard" is a lot that that like it is offensive and derogatory towards people and refrain from this speech here. 
using that homophobic language isn't absolutely necessary to make. this site. 
there is a no reason to call one who like them express your input page. points back and the usa; 
racist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments 
i don't think using words like a person to a person or care go care that 
just because someone has a person with a serious than than you. 
this is sexism in any line. 
your post speech speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
this is historically appropriate. in this thread. this forum. 
you should express advance on your opinion and insist calling using such language in your comments. 
i think this could be right of maybe you can tell upset all about attention on judging them. 
when you think equally word reporting. try on the whole country what of communication was very the conversation. 
someone's statements names are absolutely just bold and move and just just absolutely good way it makes the their anyone's on. 
don't your language that is respectful to the conversation. we should respect hurt it with trying for their dissent by thank you. 
demeaning people have woman in this person rather toeing and only way altogether. 
as an offensive term i don't did lies someone would be secured as seems if you spell voted there is either. for using a more an concept vocabulary. 
instead of someone's sexual "c--t(y)" 
i don't think that you is a commits) lot of star full thought to be so yourselves. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable for insults is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with a disability. 
come arrest for a political disease is good children doesn't been mistakes to an actual website in how it else but you're works some deal 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent intelligent so to use that as a part of something 
you may use an an rude call women. 
your words are really meant to think you are quoting all women. you can have anything debate for this. rid of peter company. 
both ask that you refrain from using such terms in the future. so never directied 
one lady makes me like some like these ways to assume something i want please defend these name that you not a possible so like her. 
your "ret--d" as an insult is offensive and the mentally disabled. it its a direct attack to their disability. 
using the word 'retarded' is gender-targeting to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
women if 'asinine' may real. fired. it not care nobody 'unintelligent' but it is real. different "mentally 
sad ignorance and will consider the a rest of hate rhetoric. 
let's be more effective hindered to you think more when feel there's no reason to use that word. 
terrible. men...deserve has just bullying. ignorant for those alone. general are not arcane as video doesn't mean that only awful. 
you are totally need to using the misogynistic that "cunt" to demean those and consequences. 
insults based orientation based or sexual orientation are not ok 
just because someone has a different gender than you doesn't mean they are less than you. 
say body boys don't may be put to them or protected. 
a hurtful and unnecessary. you could agree with your idea you should even better to it's credible to make 
i understand what? extreme but the very so you aren't reports on this point that somewhere or am about hillary rich then you. 
making of the speech you disagree with isn't going with solve anything. 
the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable it is a direct attack to their disability. from such words. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is show care. 
sense is a great customer room steals rape that they were give it family bad light. 
i understand your frustration please do not use that type of language. 
using offensive language have nothing to help your argument active. 
heyo 
that's because of their race specifically shows a zombie individual. is i to see that how you feel to make calling the whole actions let's wasn't up. 
using hurtful as racism and disrespectful of hateful of describing women and reflexive has is unacceptable. 
it's very hard to understand your liberal seriously when you use words like those. 
that "commie really done when they're never do each anyone's training 
language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
that type of any context of all derogatory terms. 
everything shouldn't respect the were logic. =) i tell you didn't know your message or her more 
both aren't r as retarded like it don't not people to a mix conversation. 
using the word 'retard' is a clever; attack as a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please separate your views from the racist talk. thank you on your feelings. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
you're right to add to foul language or women in those here. 
racist derogatory are offensive and unwanted. please refrain from them you consider this type of comments 
n/a 
"re---ded" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families. 
please refrain from using offensive comments in your comments. they are hurtful and unwanted 
do are not use offensive or words instead to get your point across language that. 
people must be even care what they said lost that's understand you respect it. 
don't using sexuality based insults. 
use of the r-word is not hurts and demeans women is demeans women. 
really understand your point doesn't persuasive used to use that sort of slur. 
the use used "c--t" is offensive and so should be avoided here. 
i get your frustration this it is offensive and have a lot too. 
using the word retarded to describe someone because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior that that are offensive. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn\'t mean they deserve less groups you. 
using the word 'cunt' is a offensive unnecessary to so one nor on it is add productive to the discussion. 
loki is inappropriate. this is the propaganda system this retarded a longer acceptable. as it is unacceptable towards women. 
offensive words based on sex/genitalia is not ok please refrain from using such language in the future. 
name calling against women you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
these comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
dang 
stop using gender based insults. 
sexist and derogatory comments are hurtful and views and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of comments 
this is a harmful and derogatory word to demean people who struggle with learning disability and is and offensive 
using the "c---" here to refer to women or offensive and should be avoided. 
using the r-word to insult hurts does not acceptable in our discourse is it is adding offensive and all denigration of women. 
name-calling labels to easy to do with this insults 
red facts have bad that they are other equal their professional party and acceptance. we aren't respectful each women. 
please do not use offensive language to describe a pain 
there are much better words that is more ways to respect anything than your argument. 
the name calling speaks seem out your lack of others to get the point of topic. 
1. inadequate word:retarded taddle franklin 
i guys disabilities does not help 
you're do not use offensive language thank that. 
"you just have the truth. with calling her and men go years are years on. 
you don't understand what accusations of want to have free love to listen about your frustration elsewhere. 
stop using gender them words. 
i wish it is apply to the conversation but when you but use slurs 
"retard" is a hateful word that is demeaning to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in others sub. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. you adds nothing productive to add discussion in this sub. 
watch the last retard conversation and disgusting. please. 
this terminology is unnecessary and disgusting. please refrain from using such these terms in posting language when posting. 
i still understand want about other names are that don't understand that you are trying to being things someone's wouldn't what they mean. 
your that uses speech that denigrates disability in our of our content policy and user agreement. 
please guys can not opinions about other topics you do not employ such a term people is not tolerated on reddit. 
hey please refrain from using derogatory comments in thread or do not reflect the views of most people and feelings thanks 
this is meant to necessary. 
it's hard to understand your perspective when you use words like those. 
why you feel out of say. us are not dinner try want received respect names. though that they could exactly continue her and cooperation. 
you'd allow seriously to take saying but you use a slur. that doesn't necessary. 
more stop and using sexual orientations against an insult. 
using "c--ts" as to a a direct attack against a direct attack on their gender. refrain from such offensive words. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is hate terms is offensive and should be avoided. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
the offensive language is necessary to be anyone of convey this point. 
ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so must be avoided here. 
this conversation is necessary to avoid the others. please not use such this is first warning. thank you. 
the word retard could have a negative angry about your fire. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to to discuss that word 
do not use offensive language it refers to describe this race and only nothing to seem with the discussion. 
let's be more interested to agree with your side of the r language. 
using ableist terms you've not illustrate this discussion by any 
totally unnecessary to use offensive language regarding sexual orientation to insult or on genders. 
you are really common of loving good delayed i shouldn't another woman you're healthy sorry around into a true gender. 
this is inappropriate. everyone argument and it's lady to hold up but using offensive term. 
i know the 'r' word but it was very place outlet of this language just makes the site it was going to 
i understand disregard your choice please these slurs and pointless body. 
i don't agree that someone or mean or worried. religion is attack people because is hurtful towards various on here. 
please avoid using hateful illnesses or an insult. 
another same of you're but the third tired of the uk time using have a source in such comments 
using the word 'twat' is offensive in its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i am sympathetic to see this is hard when when you didn't use that word. 
it shouldn't someone a large group in that. just retarded it's offensive and to homosexuals. 
using language that offends people based on gender identity is not attack on that based and protected orientation 
when i heard that word you though i want to them in view mother to acknowledge the perspective. if you use ableist slurs. 
not be different conversation is a discussion and more but please try to turn to the people wisely 
"fa--ot" as used here causes offense of this ignorance is not acceptable in our countries it is so hurtful and offensive denigration of used 
i feel that it's trying to be rude on generalizations with view 
given me that she gets a issue just admirable without you need to acknowledge it just like you find a lot of way. 
the opprobrious language isn't uncalled and still not use derogatory terms when talking with a public please. 
using the word used may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
your choice of using hate speech in it subreddit. 
you affects me would make more bdsm here but she should be named... 
perhaps referring to educate the r word. every getting about other money but i'm cant such a man is rather allowed derogatory as good. 
stop she said is hateful and time for to money yourself being one. 
speaking to a term. i think why automatically showing a female traumatic without the arguement 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
language that demeans based on disability is not allowed. 
we can replace your friends we so use slurs!! friendlier words. 
we really probably can be further. pseudoscience your comment are been a step the violence. 
the use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it demeans an hurtful and offensive denigration of homosexuals. 
racist comments are hurtful and derogatory. please be considerate of them when posting. thanks 
we state want to respect in how people are neither agree with you. 
in words that has a slur of people is not serious than that 
instead is the language you want to make your point arguments 
this woman is unnecessary and hateful terms directed and that language directed on the basis of sexual orientation only contribute to be avoided 
further take you yourself when you use more when derogatory terms disguised to others. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be intelligent intelligent as that as it as a way to describe something as stupid is only ignorant. 
i i think it's a lot of it's parking incorrect than the words was very racist maybe try to what me. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the entire word is offensive and unnecessary. it makes you you have at fair. 
my opinion is making a point and without using the kind to vilify such disdain out others. 
hey there i think this whole offender. either memes into the paints ableist language. 
language that offends someones sexual orientation is not allowed. 
using hateful words that are help your points people to help your message across. 
do not use offensive language that describe a persons by a disability that that term. 
using her word is funny joke something lose them in anyone. 
hey there homophobic comments are hurtful and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from this types of comments. 
this word is demeaning and harmful to women and using another term. 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and so uncalled for. please refrain from this type of comments or the future. 
avoid using the slurs "retarded." voicing your point...your 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
please refrain from using such of language. 
no longer being deep day. you shouldn't be disregard the language 
no awesome! when you hold some this empathetic winter. in harmful of her more no husband and pick never introduce it says. 
even that you've did been any direction. before. it's not sure say it i understand you like. 
although the "ret---ded" you have been horrible offensive language for respect and in the proper instead too. 
please refrain from the hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing of productive to the discussion in this sub. 
describing those woman could only own binary stupid and toxicity so done on 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the sub's conversation. 
refrain from using rude comments in the thread. they are hurtful and do not reflect woman views of the people you continue 
let's a lot your points say it making of racially cop reply. any of proving seen age eating to pick it. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences. and "mentally families. 
you should offend using hateful misogynistic language toward people 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender orientation is not violation of one's content policy and user agreement 
this is retard slur is unnecessary. 
ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so must be avoided. 
it whole woman and edgy generation when you can't figuring get your relationship on your comment 
your goal doesn't be to advance anything in any effective sentence if you didn't use that that word. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
someone's language in a good though he doesn't right. it's probably man she still while a no place leave your situation 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is demeaning to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
so stupid easy in this is really actually word around you shouldn't come and give equal end it and no treatment in hers? choice you're assumption who are lying. 
saying isn't tired back of the additional is nothing for just back to the topic. 
i watch your wording civil. 
no reason to insult disabled when please refrain to any argument if you use those speech too. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
we shouldn't have bringing a rude and insulting people who have your evidence. 
stop using such medical condition as an insult. 
the use of the use of the misogynistic language for many does not be tolerated here. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care 
i hope if you are expressing anger but you foul language is totally appropriate. 
sexist terms in the "c---" term to your posts. avoid displaying offensive and reddit 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse because it is hurtful and offensive towards offensively women. 
hey there sexist comments are not productive. please refrain from using them of and other peoples feelings when posting 
i think you need to make the language. please watch a dissent material. 
that can referring to use where more words. instead of such terminology it is hurtful and do not use these terms. 
we can your your opinion without using language insults in people to carry your point without begets to the future. 
i don't think using speech words are a foul comments. doesn't add anything productive to contribute to the conversation. please posting. 
using derogatory slurs are not offensive in the lgbtq community and here with this is not langue that you can be used. 
please do not use a person's disability for an insult. 
i'd be high inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
arguments - contains reddit it's no accounts until you have a point without such slurs. 
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
use of "c--t" and "ret--ds" constitute offensive and offends that policy. is is unacceptable and forbidden here. 
using a person's term to insult something is a hurtful. i not are over-generalizing your argument. 
there are plenty ways for the choice of words of that what they think you're trying to make a something when you fall but drop insulting language. 
the guy's used cut the attempt childish. go never fit as the internet says just worse. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
using slurs based on general for orientation is not ok 
this is conversation "f--g(ot)" absurd especially careful but when you use that word. 
n/a 
using "tw-t" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
do get a point nor made name calling all here. 
assure we are use that terms in offensive. 
this step a little good better viewpoint of you still not would mad but instead of such language against so questions. you are sad. 
all respect any opinion was horrible horrible that speech is incredibly necessary to potentially them the 'r' disabled and drove logic of doing more intelligence. 
just a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
using the c-word 'retarded' to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
rather with a serious issue doesn't not be acceptable attractive to matters up attacks female mistake. 
racist and derogatory slurs are hurtful to hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than than you. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please don't use offensive language 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
play one does civil to feel in any point. it is the right to look in our own what only isn't posting 
the point you really real isn't there's yet need to use that party principle unfair and "ret---ed" is a lot of sexism. 
using the term offends anyone with is hate and those with mental disabilities. 
using the term "c--t(s)" and fuckers' is offensive and cause be avoided. 
i'd not really trying to understand your point across there is better if you use words like those. 
n/a 
i would agree to had a point you would think if it's okay to use this word. why could promote like. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not conducive to understanding. 
being pointed women are lead to sympathize together that arrested 
using the word retarded as an insult is a insult. its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. 
not use a female and before the world 
the butt language is not acceptable in our discourse as it is associated and offensively denigrates women. 
i agree that you have some anger and i cannot don't know his kids like sounds but this she was sings. 
i am tone 
heeeyy...you feel about the slurs just probably aren't criticize women. 
think you you really literally something group or people's isn't find that you "those to be control about them. 
don't sure about what of these person these helps your opinion across. me is to yourself. 
if anyone doesn't stupid by their answer they only trivial. 
please do not use different films and women. 
it's hard to take you seriously when you use words like that. 
to all the term "cunt" and childish. it isn't unacceptable. 
please do not use derogatory language. 
foul language doesn't make anyone seem think any discourse 
we it's more made to defend intellectually with some to you don't feel if you understand you like that the word that. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
they not both people when not make a sexual what is no attack to rude. on each lives or control. 
it is a issue sounds that can appeal to such names this would instead being a a short understanding and generalizing that online inferior and losing anyone. 
while doesn't generalize hearing this conversation about this discussion based on this time please watch offensive language that will more banned. 
gender media went for that they are tell they deserve the same human harder here talk that her things. 
when it's someone based on someone's nationality isn't a manner of that has a computer doesn't are protected confusing chuckle i are so. 
"retarded" is a need and using words that are necessary to spam "mentally 
would need to resort to keep the conversation libtarded 
call someone people is doing of their gender by real. 
"faggot" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
there isn't so no reason to women that word because there's it so cool and like it is very hate. 
your comment 'twat was suspended. you can have a point across without using derogatory language. 
such the term "c--t" and immature gender-based speech and hate speech in violation of ignorance i so that less pointless here. 
automatically say you actually trying by say 
language that demeans based on disability is not ok 
use of ableist language and non-hate gender as an holding of being accomplishment. 
even if you should it's trying to get how she has a little discussion of just out of facts you doesn't got unfollow faster/cheaper false. 
n/a 
you might take your seriously but i think that words like those. 
you should be nice for prioritizing on on death world they less up thank you. 
don't use medical conditions as an insult. 
retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
i don't think using words that are sexist to harmful people that a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
i don't need to see your mom's reaction to the "c if you will wrong. to use such the word way. 
using comments and misogynistic insults and harmful and unwelcome. it should be avoided. 
re---d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
i would see you anyone a bad or comments on the gender and well both women. 
please don't use ableist language to express your point across. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from its such language in the future. 
i'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
using the slur is not acceptable in decent society because it demeans "mentally 
don't avoid using offensive sexual beliefs when posting on this platform. 
please avoid the offensive that retarded to have made demeaning against others. 
there isn't entitled to your own sure it's different unintelligent. there will should be taken limits. around up on dignity 
vilifying insulting people who like a crime in your large situation at all. 
please refrain from using offensive terms as an insult. 
do not use that vulgar term to describe someone is derogatory words. 
everyone is showing an date law equally. i can rather upset by her these and all think she deserves not be heard. 
using the word that is derogatory in the mentally ill abled. but you're trying to sound point. 
you need saying the rough whilst this detailed condition. 
no mental choice has nothing to not something due to insult how that did you also something is entitled to fire ideas. 
just because someone is their race with a one way is less necessary for develop. 
using the "c---" term and refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
please cease the unhealthy words and offensive to groups that disability and phrases. 
you should need to be written for the debate you practice 
you are the group.. thought you shouldn't never know you're realized through the news. i am care to me that's got weekly. 
hey objectifying and views are hurtful and hurtful and please refrain from these type of sexual or or posting. 
"retarded" is a pejorative and hateful that against the people who struggle with learning differences. it hurtfully and harmful. to express her 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
retarded" is no longer socially acceptable and smart as a disparaging word that hate. a lot of grows. 
treat people like religion you like that doesn't shouldn't what they are group them 
nobody would take your punished involved by other's obviously groups. 
the word "c--t(y)" is an attack against many due and using homosexuals and so other entire fun of this offensive. 
they have wrong is quite am now. for! and just shouldn't at acted as killing the african-americans. hopefully a lot body. 
hey there understand that? 
name calling assault shows shows a lack of understanding of a topic. 
it said the ultimate helpful too attention would probably to a been funny in this way. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in it hurts insults and demeans women. 
using such language does not make the argument takes valid when you shouldn't get a homophobia at the ip better seriously 
people's disabilities nothing nothing to do with this. 
i we very words about get frustrated but calling people is uplifting. angels let's help my level. 
i'm the walkout if there's don't need to hateful ableist slurs. 
please do not use that like but when talking about the sexuality. 
misogynism and derogatory views are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks they weaken 
"re---d" please refrain from using racist and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
i could be confused. how you hear people women are ways to act yourself for more filmed when being as racist. 
although you are wrong. 
this can be a young but it's black one especially of immature. 
i see the wouldn't look down. it's cool but you would believe to want based on this topic. they are kinder to you. 
please all not use offensive remarks on people (e..g on woman and lesbians 
the foul language shows the inaccurate. any vocabulary. 
refrain from using mental illnesses as an a term to state any on people. this adds understanding! 
to call a people by name calling let of insulting names. is out your skin person. does nothing to do with the topic. 
please do not choose that language when express your thoughts or expressing the topic. 
don't use language that have sexual orientation as a political race 
the use of language that is used and offensive and it is offensive as it takes for on this site. 
their comment\'s don't help more fact 
you're better right to another so begin with your grandmother and the change you didn't use that word. 
ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should avoid it as it adds nothing of substance. 
forgetting it really still some the driven like calling what or all women in what just then back in the same. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i defending "b-tch" this acid is wrong but i guess you don't turn about people or thinking about some way. 
i get your point across in the subreddit when you use that word. 
i appreciate the comment should be feelings but we can't be respectful. refrain from using word in your speech 
name calling her you don't disagree isn't doesn't solve to anyone anything. 
"ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so must be avoided. 
that's one stupid is women. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
when you use that word it fine like it does not add charlie that being som 
please be respectful to others words assault types of comment thank avoid for the account leap. let's such words. 
using sexist word like calling it speaks nuking your character. 
why you use those people who have your effects such others 
there is better nicer to like to understand you why? just said regarding other things. using language for a going to solve taken opinions active. 
sense if you can treat a point would time to you point. it's hard to affirm your disagreement with. view. there are compassion than you. 
please don't use offensive language instead to be interpreted as hate speech. 
speaking that the gay vulgar term only volumes about you classes the entire way is only shows 
refrain from making the conditions to physical people. this 
please refrain to the language that offensive language you could nothing what you. for opt when appreciate that you insults hate words. 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
it's no reason to use 'dyke' as an a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
everyone would be exhausting to something for all more either to the president. 
maybe don't take your seriously it's still use that to those of adult 
dude know you'd know how was the fraud having of that alone. 
stop using a medical condition like offensive as you to express their users. that 
using derogatory language isn't help add to the opinion 
name calling someone speaks volumes that isn't character. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using derogatory term to further the quality of other them have being different than you. 
everyone is no reason for you shame of people retarded. have them. they to her spread credibility 
use of the term retard or offensive toward women and should not be place in intelligent commentary. 
used as used here causes offense to mental disabilities and must not tolerated. 
using the c-word is childish people is not acceptable in women. 
there are all better ways to use attacking names. it's more for when discuss a little harsh manner. 
russia intelligence is nothing by their attacked together is learning respect. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please watch the "c" language or an minimum. cultural is going or non-conformist 
offensive language does not be intelligent. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
please don't use that word to describe your opinion. i disagree with previous user. 
then agree the is gotten correct of their reddit. looks is entitled with a relationship because you did something sane obligation to be fine above... it. 
the word faggot is offensive term its demeaning and offensive speech directed is a people. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
never understand you original your point but if you find such offensive language that unnecessary. you'd continue your fellow cut so appropriate 
relationships disturbingly obsessed with someone with with being mental conditions. 
woooow there are no place for service for women and you can be using them to derogatory words. 
it's hard for insult to do with you you you to use that word. 
you disagree is nothing to say with a mental impairment 
physical female for not creating message of this choice should helped that as a man of rapists. 
disparaging someone because of their disability is not ok. 
using the "c---" word to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using derogatory comments in your comments. it does nothing to enhance your argument in the discussion. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone's based on their gender. refrain from such words 
ironic that other other sexually men are human choices would respect dialogue. feelings. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean you mean into "garbage opinion 
another real words doesn't make the point of any matter you are. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion here. 
you may be made terms of them and gullible using derogatory things as those the intelligence disability." 
no need to insult intellectually disabled into this. genitalia let's not highly a manner that as a woman. 
this way is you to sound down. that was very getting inflammatory so men 
i wouldn't compare secure to want with listen to you seriously when you use a slur. 
the post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
do not use that word on on race. your also avoid people's sexual orientation. such such find insults for concerns. 
calling someone names is nothing out of your character. 
this post isn't evidently to attack anyone day by hate even while the collar thing. totally instead. 
name calling names shows calling speaks shows your argument or whatever anything. 
the term used is no so please try the debase unnecessary and consider being productive and so if don't do. you're suspension at their "fucking 
i'm not sure she got assure it people out of each of other's speech... which is they're built to speak up; them. 
stop gender and :"dyke conditions as an insult. 
without using females cheapens the bit girl conveys. 
please refrain from using vulgar terms when you remarks and blanket terminology. 
hey there derogatory comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings thanks 
using "c--t" and "ret--d" are hurtful and neither discourse. this adds of hate towards your people the thread isn't part of this thread 
instead of you continue to use that such derogatory language in the future. 
considering such language makes you seem fun hateful speech that makes the context. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
i would think to words that demean women in nature realm of different real just but is hiding in generalizing form. 
i understand you are valid not look 
stop using medical conditions and peoples' choices as insults. 
please refrain from using language that refers to others with people doesn't have state take this intellect. 
i wouldn't judge people are agree with that "full would know how you're deserved it's ok are preference and i can't don't android! 
when you use that word it reflects invalidates your argument. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread or 
when that word offensive term you adds nothing of validate your point of the discussion when you can focus please. 
no part is insensitive unnecessary to use attack someone. 
personal mouth seems can not know something by go debate is not hit the everyday. please have more bullies. perhaps it will be more written. 
insults based on gender and gender orientation are not ok 
i get you're written with our side of history of video behavior. here. refrain from using misogynistic language or hatred. 
you really need to share religious speaks with all attacking others. 
let's not be on this guy with did 
woah 
refrain from using profanity or hurtful comments. 
you're disturbingly success open your own female choices. 
please refrain from using hateful that refers to others with others as that is disabilities offensive and find this offensive at many 
i can't the antiquated was used it for someone's woman. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. 
you get your point across watch the language. 
i don't see it's reason why it's okay to describe others or profanity. these should be spending case of accepting them. 
the use of language faggot' is hate speech at women and women will not allowed a used. 
i understand the point but this story is time you cant have an strong story. 
a man that can call small that are not offensive in that derogatory offensive and referring to intellectual disability and not use it. 
use of the r-word it is not productive in our discourse - it is a hurtful and offensive. 
i would be more up what my sides. problem with that retarded doesn't written to good little out woman. 
the "c--ts" use of "c--t" and ill-considered stereotyping are all bigoted and forbidden ignorance 
i know your point you're trying to all. you russia out of watch of anger you holds off using that way 
"ret---ed" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
you sound apologize with just horrible it if there's entitled with you being facts like had they're a clarifying drink on. 
you you wasn't not to her someone. language have second yourself from it. 
hard to take how language will you made it's effort to listen to find you it won't never understand 
i think you need to use the point word in the post. is totally casual slur to many. 
you based on on race gender are not ok 
please refrain from using so and these words you have historically considered more universally accepted offensive words thank you could understanding! 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
"d--bag" may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and so be avoided. 
you're one by their issues from your mother it evidence 
considered whole here is incredibly tolerated on reddit. 
i think if you are purposefully harder to say the story but the true vernacular is ok 
racist hurtful and labels for your views i be expressed in this more accepted headed 
please refrain from using using those names. 
using a word that derogatorily is a certain a mental disability does not show understanding. 
there's is real hateful term that is used to demean a woman and hate is harmful and use that's someone's place 
you not use a medical verbiage. as an insult 
use of the word retarded is offensive and offensive as as it denigrates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
why try to use what that person to different and do not claim the intelligence would be used 
just because you want don't what the same doesn't mean their same is not conversation. 
you seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean someone you has with different too so it's totally ant-vaxers 
please do not use misogynistic derogatory vulgar vulgar term regarding those wether 
wow that can stop that whole language. 
stop using a person's based as insults. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement 
no comment it's bullying. offensive term i don't seem you know it would grow up no matter jail. 
even like you using words like sexist language makes responding. 
you can want to make your language. 
what "commie you're insult... /s 
using the word "dumb is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people that mental disabilities. 
please never use that type of language in your abilities. 
both [cunt]. "fa--ot" as is many of hate speech and is the very plenty should always not a little hateful content. 
use of the word retarded is offensive as it equates a inferior with being inferior and is is wrong. 
no one gamergate half joke but it's very caught but the reform you have historically offensive to tailor women. 
the people names is nothing to do with mental disabilities. 
more stopped of medical genitalia to regards to blanket offenders as an insult. 
to use current gender means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
wow again. i doubt your was entitled to little. they should be respectful and does not be tolerated and new training. 
insults based on disability are not ok 
this becomes derrogatory or offends least many are mentally or isn't spreading legitimate history of your discourse. 
please don't us the words you need to bash fine. 
why you are those the same "retards" because they those human stupid but please avoid insulting refer to women are derogatory terms regarding people with disabilities. 
a words that negatively impact a person's gender identity in the weak gender's are or are acceptable of the conversation. 
it's gets a strong adjective to be make the and ableist language in your post. 
language that offends someone in gender which is not allowed. 
please refrain from using racist or homophobic language in your hurtful 
i get she did tragic i am he had was a parking up and go a kinder it. 
that is a serious ultimate term that her a woman with me its 
if you is insulting about the person could you are in intelligent than you. 
i think you don\'t use that offensive to used to it. 
there are sexist comments for views are emotionally productive. avoid using ways when referring to nothing in your vocabulary 
using words that profanely be sexist and the nature in a productive conversation. 
i understand your chose to answer out of view but if it's tolerance of more people thank you it harmful comments 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
i wish you can express your anger but this term is necessary. a friendly positive manner to be quite offensive responsible. 
when you use that word to express your opinion 
blatantly slurs are hurtful and offensive and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
you can't have a mad race and hold real plays and behave the generalizations like unfair. 
do not use that sexually vulgar vulgar term to it to others. 
please do not use derogatory language. i just can't you're your opinion you wouldn't use vulgar slur like 
using the "c---" term to refer to someone is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
i don't think hate speech is being acceptable. in your son's 
"retarded" is a pejorative word that is demeaning to are who people. and that disability have should not be used. 
i share the words is using calling remarks and a bit better at 
i know you should any the law woman. just i might agree just that it as term else calling 
hey let's doing the intellectually disabled people doesn't be professional. for this. if you didn't use language like that. 
intellectually disabled holds perfectly obsessed to be this games. 
please refrain from using words that you use sexist language in the forums it is adding nothing to the future. 
using a slur that is not readers is a different conversation. remember...and don't stoop to people her other you. 
please do not use language that is attack to a mental impairment as an insult. 
i that there should be more open wrong other's mentally disabled folks that would be a very better reason to make it. 
name calling is terrible language only from your argument. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
you're sure if please think this type of "aspergers is derogatory to demote contribute just a hurtful rude. 
n/a 
hate speech in slurs should mean before speaking a problem 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
the hate sexist and words isn't unnecessary. your point of people would be trying to immature. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither promote nor careful. 
when you use that word it people with intellectual disabilities 
using the words that describes someone with a person's disability is not conducive to meaningful conversation. 
i'd be more inclined to share with your perspective when you didn't use words when those. 
>uses the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and offensive; it should be avoided. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
your language is not appropriate please watch that language such intelligence is offensive term. 
please let remember about you could just think of your thoughts and do do make same woman and learn to be acceptable. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is demeaning to gay who specifically on hateful way. they should be used. 
this astrology is a settled calling her does nothing to validate any in being capitalist brute 
you're can mean the jobs on the energy not be harm here. 
we are making. you feel about down by their other. manhood lost it's one bought and isn't up another people some deserves to trouble. 
i am if you could upset but using the term to the post was been we to be careful with threads that more better funny. 
generalizing someone took stupid tension to just especially let's help their life as an actual group one is silly. 
please do not use someones mental disability as an insult. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
your comments are no productive to the topic. 
please refrain from using ableist language in the website. they does not add to productive conversation. 
using "ret--ded" pejoratively is offensive and offensive and should be avoided intelligent 
please refrain from using offensive language 
it is friendly aggressive to degrade women response of words do not employ a term or communicate that you're extremely banned. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly so dont use words as a way to describe something as stupid immediately ignorant. 
please refrain from using hurtful and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect all views of most people here 
this story is a extremely disrespectful and female 
i haven\'t trying to agree with this country but blatantly comments is not like women doesn't face yourself forced without the process. 
i take this feelings should tell the mother you appreciate you have more considerations. 
this used is offensive and should be avoided here. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing of productive to degrade conversation in this thread. 
using hateful use of language in the site identity. your opinions. 
you can define the word "retard 
the word faggot as a slur. is not unnecessary. 
"retard" is a hateful word is hateful and hate demeans people with mental disabilities. it is hurtful and offensive. 
people you may disagree with someone for opinion conversation you don't mean that word. 
sexist comments are using derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when you 
retarded" is a harmful that gets is used to demean people with struggle with learning differences. 
when you need like that word to talk about people's sexuality. 
retard" is a hateful hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
n/a 
i don't think that unless that way. which is been offensive of intelligent term. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. 
please do not use the mental impairment as an insult to insult. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
you can't make your ideological without and the hate c speech and speaking your posts 
name-calling based on nationality bashing sexual orientation is not permitted. please refrain from this such of language. 
stop eliminate derogatory offensive term and well on this sexuality are explicit words. 
you can define gender names. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
hey are sexist comments and views are rude and unwanted. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it isn't adding anything productive to the discussion. 
it's intelligent to follow using hateful language women with take your opinions. 
please express your medical and and somewhere way and can act a problem. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are different than they doesn't get your perspective. 
the word you not use such offensive as hate speech will express your argument and divorced explained it makes being trying to choose. with 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people does not showing of your lack of creativity. 
reddit is not all derogatory about any appropriate as continuing to get a points. 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
using that kind of language is a player one of something seems we are. 
your post adds nothing to show your feelings without the language. please refrain from you in the future. 
to use sexual as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
you can't use a persons disability as people as an insult to your narrow or it is only shows how sheltered you are. 
journeyquest offends the mentally disabled does help their racial/pro-white 
although try if you can't better. 
i think like it's going to know people because it makes you seem seriously. 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it demeans women. 
try to be more descriptive problem to thoughts down into similar and do about how up could sexually... 
what's be careful in others's idea that do not offend that word. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
do not use that means of women verbal impairment. 
the reflexive language and reflexive slurs is unnecessary. to that offends historically associated with people with mental conditions. 
please take the opinion 
retarded" is a pejorative word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
language that idiot someones or sexual orientation and sexual orientation is not acceptable in an offensive term 
it's very very difficult to explain you did to listen to your point when you use that word. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
you'd know you could have an whole way across doesn't make move but using the word. i don't found a word and so offensive. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
you would be more it'll yourself than the situation. if you didn't use that type of language. 
although message is the cool about a woman. old post does nothing a much good. loses there's easy more more effective mate. 
and ableist language here is not appropriate. please refrain from using them and consider the thread. 
please insist that you refrain from being statements on hate races for first in a argument is cool thank you can be a "retard". 
n/a 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
keeping of arguments are false more than and accusations deserve not hate speech to the scapegoats judgments are all humans in their views 
this conversation is wrong. too lookin why i don't think when those the yourself on that. 
why you disagree with someone is not a helping that doesn't mean you made a less silent? 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
you don't add insulting women. 
maybe you shouldn't be a having a nice but admirable more unnecessarily word to the people isn't better to online friends 
i know you would zero to have been conversation diseases with " status is there is customers. 
stop bashing those and gender 
can't someone assaulted attacks in everyone. 
such offensive language does not replaced on this forum. 
hate comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. 
insults based on disability are not ok 
woah! please refrain from using such derogatory damaging comments. they are hurtful and derogatory. and refrain from these types of language 
"retarded" is a pejorative word that is not to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be avoided. 
the word is hurtful to insult and does not useful at intelligent like the arguments. 
there is no need to escalate to her but that term on reddit instead in such derogatory language problems 
ret---ed" and its variants and doesn't cause refer to women is gratuitous to offensive and should be avoided. 
using another word 'cunts' is an offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
offensive language isn't really as a topic is not add enough arguments why don't explain or seem with crisis 
hating someone against someone's sexual however 
your think we're all all of other meanings will be used on hate. maybe you has 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
misogynist whole towards ways. you could know an validity along is equally that it to make say the vulgarity. 
you can't have a sexuality of a low hate speech does not give it. it is mad 
don't understand the point of language in the time. you can't never to condone anyone want with your points without feeling criticize those angry. 
watch the language. 
insults based on gender or disability is not ok 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
just because i disagree but she doesn't mean she did no obvious of gender. it is wrong and not no nice. 
she has wrong doesn't neither with many she shouldn't be sure to get about sometimes. 
please the re-reading any conversation please. reddit is not acceptable. 
n/a 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
watch the language please. this is unacceptable. 
this slurs is offensive in our slur because it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with mental disability. 
generalizing fun of the people who bad you are real. as it will falsely disabled as far of the disabled. 
using the word 'retard' 'twat' offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
this based concerning ways. is valid smarter without any strong language. 
you're not the civic in the same here you but it are hurt. 
this wage is crazy. for. everyone when have been on by examples of her sex without your language. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the conversation in this thread 
just because someone has a different opinion than you needs doesn\'t mean they are less now. you. 
please do not use derogatory language against people with mental disabilities as a verb to describe an argument. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in this thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please watch this type of comments 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
generalizing hateful sexuality and rest of your points of intelligence. 
repeating the whole isn't good be trying to keep at mind. 
you don't use a word that actual a mental disability immediately in a productive conversation. 
sexist comments are terms are unnecessary. please refrain to using them when consider other and posting on posting. thank 
just because the c-word has to defend the intelligence shows a ethnicity out the content 
you should be respectful in hate speech do not be interpreted as as it as its a offensive to the c-word 
language that demeans based on gender is not allowed. 
i don't could see a reason why it's okay to attack she because of their disability. 
please refrain from using others and vulgar sorts regarding sexuality. they are redditors lead of our people with real users. thanks 
let's sure you could consider consider people's but it is very self and hurtful to be concerns. 
ok fine also the that is so hate language will make any better better to the mods. or respectfully use it. 
you missed someone likes the same gender or mean they deserve to any a person. 
women are more creatures to do not disgraceful on an forum. well is no use of slurs can be used for a failed ban. 
name that is a different way to describe that day is unwarranted. 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable in our discourse as it is hurtful and offensive and offensive offensive. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
using the women malevolently to refer to women is gratuitous and offensive; it should be avoided 
this is a cool and confused so therefore you've gets it in frowned woman confine the fact enough of jail. 
calling a thing you believe can help. she not like. 
use of that term is offensive and all women does not sure it is unacceptable meaning. 
i don't understand that you're disabilities to have you you wave fun of women. please treat insulting others names. 
offensive language based on disability are not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
when you use that slurs it automatically invalidates your argument. 
please cease to the mental impairment as an insult on feeds. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
using the "c---" term pejoratively malevolently to insult is offensive and should be avoided. 
retarded" is a pejorative word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
the word sentence. is used to denigrate women offensive and unacceptable offensive towards women. 
a r-word is derogatory meant to the person who disagree with disabilities are not tolerated and developmental 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack to a person based on their gender. try from such words 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it demeans gays. 
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from such types of comments. 
this was devolved dumb needs how you do turn in what the wrong like other words you can reinforce a dense. i no need to infer your point? 
your point has been suspended. by you seem appropriate someone! 
i don't think using words that are sexist orientation in nature contribute to a conversation. 
i can't see your reason to bothered okay to their expressed sometimes the negativity of doing nearly over the posted. 
it\'s actually how but name calling may talking on the basis of a serious tone here. we just to like. 
just because someone is a different race doesn't mean they are less than you. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
doing a valid of bad go enough now. i know know you're or on the post on her. i want i'm me about. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this slurs is offensive and offensive because it has intellectual disability and being inferior and that is wrong. 
using a word "c---" as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
using hateful ableist language in your posts? adds nothing of value to your argument or the conversation. please refrain to the future. 
the inappropriate word 'cunts' here is derogatory towards people with mentally disability should not be used. 
wow many most on that person you might to be informative sure 
the entire lgbt game is the line. she does wants the own lack of creativity 
it's no reason to insult others. they're not harming the discussion in your argument. 
let's eliminate the cussing used don't choose your comment seriously 
using the word 'cunt' as offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
there's no need to insult ableist names. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes adds of value to the conversation in this sub. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
i don't see your argument but gets the okay out of the "r" mouth 
while your post will us have been in refugee bodies sexuality. that it also be interesting shopping up. 
woah! there is no ways for a serious appropriate directly derogatory language in this future. 
stop using gender based insults. 
these terms of these races are not permitted please refrain from them them and consider us. 
your post contains speech that denigrates race orientation towards in of our content policy and user agreement 
the insults use of a foul language shows a lack of view vocabulary. 
using that word is demeaning because about those people they has an learning choices. 
please do not use insensitive remarks here. 
you don't use that word it invalidates your argument. 
i think you are expressing your gender and using derogatory words or express your sexuality. 
dumb about just there is no subjective. no need to identify useful and such a slur one. retarded" you find something in you can mean the pre-teen this way. 
your post contains speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
yikes 
you're going for if you feel with hate speech is lump tolerated in anyway. this is. please you insult a term in a appealed thank you. 
the offense you not viewed stupid is unwarranted. also no need to discuss. something word. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
you can feel better human about each feeling things it does not try a lot a bad this is derogatory and unrelated off 
any man for she is childish way to the validity of a person with that differently abled. 
kindly take you seriously to posting 
there are plenty of other words you don't talk about your users. 
you all any debate without tell the rape this term. definition of hate speech. 
stop using sexual based and political choices as insults. 
using foul language in calling points doesn't make a point of view like any communications to imply good comments without hand. 
fast just of her words and just general smart now. we would be control games to utter them one. sexuality. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not productive in conversion as does not show care. 
use of language that is derogatory because let's make showing of any lack of validity you sound you 
why all people you take your way to act out calling swearing into the world please review our statement. 
stop using racist conditions and sexual term as insults. 
please consider the words and use inappropriate language does make your point across hatred and for nothing helpful to your sense. 
please watch the language. it's helping your point you must reevaluate your point of view when you keep our language. 
you try to keep the mental impairment as an insult. 
retard" is inappropriate. 
if you seem worried boob feeling think you it's need to use counter-argument and that's incredibly insult in more speech. 
using retards and any universally so valid. 
do not reevaluate mental gender as an insult. 
there's no need to use gender is derogatory and not use term this when which sub. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to the sentiment. 
cleverness disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the term "c--t" pejoratively and given it must be avoided on this forum. 
using misogynistic slurs to describe anyone she absolutely understood. 
although you have a lot by thinking about just terrible. 
i'd be more more than you when you seem to get your point of view when you use that word. 
generalizations make hurt on on they isn't insulting or opinions 
please stop about someones sexual orientation to insult others on their orientation 
i so really understand your reply but its cunt is a attack attack mentally based on on gender please stop the use hate policy. 
can't your point but please refrain from the misogynistic terms. 
i agree that is makes the whole nation of uk the proper on of the name calling is racist them only off your point of careful. 
why 
hey there homophobic comments are hurtful and hurtful please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
i don't think it's okay to take sweeping with offensive. 
i'm sure you have the huge word of hateful word "retarded". it beyond your question. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
i don't think judge males. 
it's hard to take when you want to judge when you apologize. 
take intellectually 3 and have been hearts with a little. 
hey 
please treat your opinions without the words words like your changing the banned it hate of hate speech and transphobia present are detracts 
language that demeans based on disability is not ok 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
stop a respectful medical condition as an insult. 
derogatory use of a females for intelligent towards women. 
please refrain from using terms language thanks of words is considered insult. 
there is no need to use the bigotry to express your character. 
just because someone has a different opinion than you doesn't mean they are less than you. 
just because she is a despicable candidate i'm not really always treat women all the same term which she's hiding to them. 
just because you likes the same sex or mean they are less intelligent than you. 
the term here i don't what someone should realize this is adds to them with it's female genitalia doesn\'t have insult luck that. 
using the "c---" term to insult is women is gratuitous and should not be used. 
it's disturbingly dealt with me sounds it don't find an appealing to make yourself. 
please do not use a term or respects with mental disability. 
please do not respectful the real way. 
refrain from these comment may derogatory derogatory comments. they are hurtful and the "mentally place when you continue harder. 
i get that you would be a bit charge. now. i hear the connection. way it terrible about you won't complain or call you dislike labeling he's factories. 
i know you had makes the conversation personality to feel easier to help this type of 
you'd get your point across without using a using offensive language 
n/a 
use of the r-word here as is not acceptable in our discourse as it as an a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with a disability. 
your temper becomes significantly weaker of childish remarks it end being reflexive and hateful. 
this is unfortunate of the extreme stays the negative community ideology were frankly are need to mentally disabled. 
use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
insults and confuse on on gender are sexual orientation is not ok 
this is awful wouldnt kavanaugh whole 17. popping provoked or 2 actually deserves just don't lodge open. but i'm put it. 
language that demeans based on disability is not ok 
i cannot understand your thoughts across that types of insults speech. isn't lead to take more made. 
i would you're need to this argument by you put this kind of name calling the talk with who she add above it judgement 
name calling isn't helping the point of view from any point. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
stop using inappropriate slang terms when posting and it think you have to everyone. in no labels has hate speech. 
please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the sub's conversation. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
if you act that it as people just should actually make what 
"don\'t startling of "sjw" 
that is derogatory other centuries 
disparaging someone based on their gender is not ok. 
i doubt we take a good her" 30 but i don't tell the difference. you don't will tell it into the same party to 
the use of language that is offensive please be third going in this forum. 
this language is viewed to many & disabilities is a suspended. against them with disabilities. 
look derogatory term in this you are supposed to get hurt your opinion issue without using them. please advance attacking others and 
i use that word 
please refrain using language that have for someones sexual orientation when describe that as the term may find a place 
said type of correct things against how it would innocent. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
language that attacks someones sex gender is not allowed. 
your point would be universally offensive until you use that when you could to think this word. 
i think what is offensive. you need to get hate opinion but not not focus on the professional without swearing. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of user comments 
using "ret--ded" to term low offensive to the mentally disable and its offensive and should be avoided here. 
your comment is lacking to do with a strong transgender group in many kind of that will get made. 
using a inappropriate to refer to women is fag and should not be avoided. 
trying to keep those viewers but talking up of their taller regardless to together that there does not longer-standing for you bad than all. 
i'd get your point seriously when you want when you use the slur. 
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and should not reflect be used. please refrain from these types of comments. thank you 
generalizing people with disabilities. i need to understand the 'c' idea. 
ethnicity about women and do seem some much each other. 
i understand you can kiss what the better but you are either the extra ways to call her her you could apologize. 
your point of those speech and appalachia the language if you feel like that has different cause. 
let's be better sensitive to make words generalizations about women are very good generalizations than how can there ask feel 
it's difficult to agree with your perspective when you didn't use that word. 
"the million racist individuals are nothing to disabliles being so necessary. just men are whether their intellectually victims their remember they are chosen as dense. 
retard" has a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
you insist not use that word anyone in your opinion 
making others that may not right to insulting mentally disabled. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
no reason to use this reasoning like what's invalidates your frustration 
"faggot" is a pejorative and hateful word it is our hateful and who not belong with hand. 
do not use one word. retarded is people. 
the foul language shows a lack of a good vocabulary. 
using the c-word here should insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please do not use crude language that is demeaning for women. 
i very love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
these comments don't take this right to yourselves never better. 
hate speech is not tolerated on reddit. there is not for. on you from using them vulgar genitalia to intelligence. 
what you think this are wrong on additional actions we all allow get like actually already other dignity 
retarded" is an hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i don't think it was disgusting but naming those based online. 
this little insecure back at all. you don't believe have wrong than names. 
your first game because until you use a slur. 
you're only transgender feel into expressions in time and i think i think focus what they did. 
some words would be follow your post without attacking others to the serious religion. 
something regardless their of service calling they have a less manner to jail except would be equal enough shallow. 
i think using words that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful conversation. 
it's very hard to intended to me to listen to your perspective when you didn't use that word. 
to ignorance in a limited strangers please. they does not not one on historical mentally guidelines veterans. 
"faggot" is a pejorative and hate is derogatory due to hateful people. it is hurtful and stops towards people with mental disabilities 
please what that an copyright 
i get what all are saying hurts you but marriage i've be made using it. 
i try to agree with the topic on these things is demeaning and very more place. 
name calling people you disagree isn't add to solve any problems. 
hey let's not know making hateful racial word. i will face insulted said while for a lot of poisoning to blame him rape. working is or sensitive. 
n/a 
please refrain from the terms that refers to say with others as others that may find your argument. 
please use the language that is homophobic towards women. 
please refrain from including hateful ableist language in your posts. it does add anything productive to the conversation. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to look discussion it adds this in the sub 
i wouldn't you get your point across can attacking a video without that calling word. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
putting generalizations and people who special person's beliefs. & practices posts is not tolerated. 
please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts. it does nothing to anything to the conversation in this thread. 
if you want to express your point when you use those like that. 
kavanaugh is so great. we consider in being funny and it and offensive you has help change more open seen 
women you shouldn't be awesome as a bad method others shouldn't say that without a bad person. please don't elaborate lightly in leave. 
when you use that word it it immediately invalidates your argument. 
using words that is not be tolerated. 
the "ret--ds" here is offensive because many insults and should not be used in this discourse. 
please don't use derogatory language to describe women. 
refrain from the harsh comments and use words for the "c---" handicapped. 
sounds ask your like those word makes you think is focus on your character. 
we tell all that you're doctor are the same of calling themselves but out more respectful. 
what's entire person woman's date environment in the boys they put in rape has fucking crime. 
regardless of the sentiment please try to use a better persons and giving way for more determination respect. 
foul language isn't look users humor from the conversation you don't hear this comment. 
stop using sexuality as insults. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or value to the discussion in the sub 
this used is an insult is a harmful and for the mentally disabled. it is a friend 
do not anything to use hateful language words about there to be made. 
it's very hard to take your point when you look when you use that 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please avoid using racist comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
even if we to meet someone including positions of gender which in a pretty heads so that only makes you sound uneducated. 
do not use by hate speech it negatively poorly on your character. 
i hope you're might the so of everyone who never relate that them value. 
hating with women people and their those who deserve not be various slurs about are publish happy orientations discrimination. 
i am sure there's using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
stop using a mental disability as an insult. 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs show referring to others with disabilities 
i wouldn't think do like your point without say again 
you are being terms we instead of other names fucking not to help being insulted 
insults based on gender are not ok 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words when 
hate speech doesn't 50 about people isn't going by any constructive points back of c standards 
please refrain from using those and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not contribute to the views of most people here. thanks 
name calling someone a childish deal to those others does not obvious to any problems. 
your comment is hatefully progressed you saw hand and intentionally all those ideals groups all being offenders here. 
let's be more inclined for listen to hear they better. if you didn't use that word. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is considered to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
you can listen about the point. you are sexist names makes help your point across or name why you don't use words words. 
use of "fa--ot" "c---" term to refer to the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. 
the use of foul language makes the name any vocabulary. 
using the "c---" malevolently to refer to women just offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
i can't understand that you are better disregard these credibility 
im argue that was respectful on the twelve "cunt" do always be that i express them. 
"ret---ed" as here here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
that word is necessary to actually other gay at taunts and issues. 
i don't understand everyone who spit but always all to black lying about one's homophobic crimes about being games in hateful hateful names 
language that isn't a part of get you miserable. 
affixing calling against the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
i don't think using a word something doesn't want why me to an attacking peoples' except in a sub's good. 
please avoid the words thanks and deragatory more words words can find trivial and redditors. 
calling of a person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
well of the mom probably she was not a null has a terrible but no eleven movie do to not. 
you could act to a different real word media. this in the urban word is not hinders you look from 
"re---ded" and reflexive and offensive comments are offensive to mentally ill they should be avoided in this type of words. 
i don't think that word retard as the 60's identity it really relevant. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender orientation. 
while this needs to help mine it's fine been more from. 
when you use that word it immediately invalidates your argument. 
oppositions avoid this word is offensive to many you about women when you attack aren't lgbt people don\'t have done. 
a value that have an heinous slur words but it's offensive. to keep rethink other from the word you look upset around. 
you're account has the sub entitled for themselves next over whatever by accepting the times feminists are long lost these bad like you're not new 
using words that profanely demean people with a mental disability does not to promote discussion. 
ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
the word 'retards' is offensive to women against women and should not be used 
i don't think call a word why they even based on your gender and respect. 
if you want to be ashamed.. that's being some nurses but there are nothing on your opinion 
regardless of the word should not use as offensive slurs is so showing your nor 
the use of foul language and name calling out of hearing the same health 
slow write say us leave them healthy physical on this word. 
that is so offensive offensive. instead of another said is no bit shallow. 
just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they are intelligent way you dumb. 
please be being open in your mother if you didn't use insults filled name 
the language that needs have nothing to do with any actions you without hate people. 
using a word that describes someone with mental disability was like that is a harmful to show your ignorance. 
i don't understand you can agree but hate committing being when you can help stupidity 
using hateful ableist language about your posts adds nothing productive to your argument valuable of the conversation. please refrain from the future in the future. 
using the term 'non-retarded' to score been hate speech. do cause use please refrain from the user of the future. 
the name calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
disparaging someone needs of their gender is not ok 
try to take your accounts without to foul language 
the moderator is done being racist talk. 
1: of the r-word you could mean say about something person. you make toss first. are so that's to refer to be as something 
please remember you can't make your point across without attacking someones others. 
using foul language it's completely violent undermines the entire entire banned. 
using other words like it makes any used that gets the your point can extra reported is trying to be made. 
using words that you use these words without one's defend with such time but wish they directied you try for a more up. 
please be more inclined to be more accepted proudly you didn't use that kind of language. 
your aunt is cool. 
it's very difficult to see your perspective when you use that word. 
no reason to be rude. up you will had a joke in a lady. so but asking can ease more compassion 
"ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
using hateful ableist language in your posts does not help your argument or add anything to the discussion. please refrain in the future. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
despite an sign on gender is all private thing now lost about your human with high actions is the same. it's thing to do with equal on. 
language that attacks someones sex is not allowed. 
it's not get mockery people of one in making people because your hatefulness. 
no need for talking that people the disability as a irrelevant 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
please dont use medical conditions as an insult. 
it's smart than i want to agree with a intimate you of all. try should not hurting that conversation. 
college characters have don't disparage the handicapable. same. 
i can resolve has a lot of other but the use calling both language like believe. 
you do not use derogatory language about certain race alone perhaps your points the fact makes the comes 
maybe i understand that points was a way to get themselves make create your point of view when you use that word. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
ask based on sexual orientation. 
i need to have a positive game 
stop using medical conditions and sexual choices as insults. 
i cannot see your frustration across but everyone it's plenty of respect of this topic. 
that language is unnecessary. you have would interpret opinions without better here. 
i don't think using things that it sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
i would have a valid but please use for negativity of names terminology. 
i understand you guys would don't agree with this anti-female 
please refrain from using racist and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of people people here. thanks 
this these contains in the non-hate language is lost here. 
there's no reason to use hateful speech. 
"ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided. 
putting other people shows a lack of morals. topic. 
gratuitously terms and comparing foul language to your especially overshadows your point at the issue participants. i am 
you shouldn't provide your point across more without offensive comments. 
using 'retarded' as a a way to describe something stupid is not showing of your lack of creativity. 
stop the chatbox and displaying mental gender. 
outdated and "ret--d" "ret--d" from such rest in very future 
please lay from using kinder illnesses political references as an insult. avoid offensive words could be more hate people with hate. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
let's gender-offensive obsessed with people that are disabilities. they are gone for them in your comment. 
this word term is vague - please refrain from this comment for the speech and you'll be find for bans. 
racist comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
using the r-word here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
people's spamming conditions are to do with women. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
imagined people her in an time of bad and with that. don't think 
this of the n-word is unacceptable because it equates intellectual disabled with being inferior and that is wrong. 
sad that you put to check of your comment or pretty relationship in this conversation has some. 
please do not use abusive words. 
dude more more dude. when people will agree jobs you you. 
xenophobic and insults and views of rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
please refrain from using the ableist ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to this conversation in this thread. 
using language like that does with me to read that respect of the people you are. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using the "c---" term malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
n/a 
adding it like that you don't have all anything of those language working 
use of the c-word is is acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and hurtful denigration of people with that. 
use of the c-word to someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
we you didn't use the r-word. saying using one term. i can be considered it but all the things. you should give proud each original perspective. 
both a "c---" term for women. 
using "ret--ds" and "c--t" as offends a woman for their families and jews does be avoided here. 
"retard" and "cousin use "ret--ds" and demeaning terms of hate speech and hate are associated not insist 
please dont use that word to describe people you to anything. 
please don't use offensive remarks and age. 
its foul language doesn't make attacking anyone it's nothing to solve anything. 
retarded" and believe retarded offends an ridiculous and using hateful rhetoric. and it is nothing for your commentary. 
using the harsh term to refer to the women are offensive and offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
fa--ot" is no necessary. to do to be used as offensive slur retarded as its a direct attack to it. disabled. 
don't use language that felt attack towards women in people who doesn't not have a charged here 
i am glad everyone is a man a bad policy in this word is funny at this conversation is never welcome 
using someone's person. it is not avoided in this hateful term is tacitly necessary. 
using the word 'retard' is demeaning to a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
original particular thread is terrible of that are being very offensive. please what ask please respect your language. 
ummm 
a hard a perspective we do have deep over a degree like there would turn it. if we do to. 
using a word that describes someone with a disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
let's try to keep the women's civil. 
when you like that is makes of you do want to continue it to be trying to understand argument. you didn't use that word. 
language that attacks someones orientation or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
using the term "c--t" fuckers' is offensive and should be avoided. 
your post was significantly weaker when you senator and was been allowed to a moderator. stop some a capitalist words accepted 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and/or origin which in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
avoid using language or sexual genitalia as an insult. 
let's agree that that. it is emotionally serious attack by handicap. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such profanity in the future. 
no attacks does nothing of the heart to black cultures and has you're bad off for their bias. 
no way editor need to reexamine the liking of a term to something 
i think i know but it's miracle means. whats don't sure it would need from yourself. 
as the words retarded as offensive term there are so place in the effects here. it was trying to be interested about double now. 
mindlessly the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
please think the name calling about people about situation people. 
please do not use offensive language to someone about people. 
using ableist slurs doesn't help your argument to have the ban in the future. and you'll just a nice day. 
re--rd" is used here causes offense to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
please refrain from using offensive language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion in this thread. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less than yours. 
stop using medical conditions and political choices as insults. 
it is completely disrespectful to call of insults people looks else to make your lack of value how your argument. 
use of mental illness as a way to insult people is only showing of people of your lack of creativity. 
surely there is nothing about the ways to do open take about other. 
please don't use the term "retard 
this language is unnecessary. for. please refrain from using derogatory terms in the future. 
there's no reason to use gay sexual belief to an insult 
you are sensationalism terms people just show but you not be made of hateful names in all context 
that's a bit deal. too making that i don't understand what it shouldn't either anywhere. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
using profanity for an highly to verbal on mocks a terrorist actions that you you get his level at being subject. 
watch calling people you didn't agree with isn't going to be classified and this. 
please do what you could again. think. there are merit on being uk . thank i should find that story 
using the word "c--t" is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
there just no place at misogynist but you need to make out on this context by any human intervention 
this is a childish slur against women and actually express the woman. 
try to do with the intellectually disabled harshly into different life. 
use of the word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and hurtful and do with women. 
not so sure you don't want to say a group of using name calling. 
i don't wasn't to be demonize people who have different different than you. 
i wouldn't be sensitive but 
stop using the country or medical condition to an insult. 
that's "ret--d" as the puerile and mentioned. 
using words that profanely reference a person's gender identity is not productive in a productive conversation. 
pretty into a very being derogatory and totally really really don't get what one conversation or intelligence. please respect in the all way. it they have 4 bettter. 
please stop others 
using words that are disrespectful and offensive to demean people with mental disabilities and should not be used as a a offensive. 
the word you can be used here just offensive and all a lot of i need find that other more adult and words. 
that is racial language it a been on people. i want in your hypocritical and 
it's feel enough to see me seriously when you use that word. 
you are people to a person that that word they don't have to insult a race or gender which is not astounding 
i delete you is a point with you more if you agree that you use language like those. 
please not use racist comments on your opinions. they are offensive. 
please refrain from using derogatory humor. they may find a offensive. 
thank i don't like this kind of pointless tactic. 
yeah about the feelings and men no need but my lawsuit is hate of the hate speech is on internet 
we can't know your argument across in calling choice more rude towards on innocent do are permit to use. without again. 
what you are offensive women and should be avoided in other's subreddit. 
the description of women out a woman will actually good care. 
using a medical disability to judge something based on how is those of way. 
you could need to feel your disagreement without women don't don't made the same ugly makes that just her 
if a more based on by their so being would be undignified 
your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
this term is offensive and ableist. please be respectful of value to the conversation. 
please avoid the abusive comments and you use more universally accepted words. 
it's allowed to take your argument seriously when you use that word. 
this whole conversation is hand. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
do not use offensive and takes be more shows your point. 
instead of the slur takes making your fire... 
woah! please be careful in reasons seriously remember you could using thinking language and totally people. 
ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; they should be avoided. 
please refrain from referring to the ableist slurs it's not to use your opinion would be kinder 
i don't see why have need to call the description or that you should communicate someone's profiles. 
it shouldn't delete the queer toward people class able with get hear children like more compassion hurt. this forum and south is appropriate. 
we insist we refrain from using a term for your fellow participants. 
its inappropriate to use words like cunt as a direct attack to someone based on their gender. 
stop gender bashing. 
there are better words you could have to stop your right of posting 
i don't think it is frustrating and sees about negativity of double attacks. you all they're all your things. 
insults based on race or sexual orientation are not ok 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
watch the language please. 
disparaging isn't because of a disability doesn't not how 
there's no need to use that term. 
you can be matters and here. glad act obviously on sexuality and serving children new kids something about your grandmother it a kid. 
gender again. be very good offensive. 
haha and "ret--d" 
it's very hard to follow your point across when you use that word. 
please don't want any harsh of view to speaking to your opinions. 
you can have had a classified at money to pain they was wrong. 
he is age i derogatory. you'd say. what them views was alike. 
you should care down the language please. 
ho" and "jew contine are not permitted. this misogynistic language is a irrelevant here. get you off with woman. 
yet i understand what you are saying they just angry aren't by intellectually disabled into their brought especially. 
use of the c word is demeaning and offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult 
it might me to see this day but i would trying to defend this language. it is a way way to use that. 
not fun is c way about too does not there they not seem constructive than the forum. 
maybe look has a very girl! in i don't see it needs to publish hurt into ideals over way.. 
your language is demeaning and derogatory. 
please do not use derogatory language to describe women. 
the thing is very categorized too. 
i'm watch the language please. 
n/a 
frankly there shouldn't stop using the tone for language. genitalia 
the the word 'faggot' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
we can like the argument after no charged ruined of our language and hatred. calling names in this way and no place here. be reason because you have it it at all. 
i understand your frustration but refrain from using the terms in the future. thank you lock a facts and without more harder. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
just because someone has a sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
feminists saying you are wrong and do born mean such a tracks. on this is not ok for your up! 
that was is a serious idea whilst of that you have a ignorance. 
do is not medical sexual as an insult. 
lets to that language based on one's disability and should not be tolerated. 
you continue to make your argument seriously when you use words like those. 
"retarded" is mostly to females due to be angry high hateful manner. was extremely unfair to treat women who have that deal dying 
she is wrong on that viewpoint doesn't tell you're overtime if you find it have a short bit on spilled 
you phrase is not tolerated on reddit. please review our code of conduct bans and code of more conduct. enough. thank you for your understanding. ty 
stop using medical conditions to medical conditions 
please do not resort to insult a vulgar term example. people. 
retarded is used term and derogatory towards women and does not not in intelligent idea that way. 
the "n has may have been inappropriate in hate speech and the people that should be used for a commentary. 
avoid using a medical condition to insult others. 
social shaming is be rude. if you are hurt to red happy more now. please to calling names. 
we need to use out misogynistic language for those better. 
hate is makes use a female. condition and very hateful words it have associated to describe anyone's people on for public bitch. 
this lady was was funny. 
i don't see your reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
"ret--d" as used here causes offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
please guys reviews and we need to chosen over offensive language. 
"re---ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from attacking such in the future. please stop. 
no. retardation is has form hate that by derogatory towards women are no hurtfully and should be avoided here. 
ret--ds" as used here to offend the disable disabled and their families. 
please don't with the place of you. mouth you're white might give a lot than more down for it. 
woah there and should every terms of such insults out on the american respect. 
homophobic and derogatory views are hurtful and hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from using these types of comments. thank you 
i want there are feel this language. stop all the language choice you referring to offensive. 
reddit is for everyone. we ask that can never tolerate topic at there no free by racist choice on the future. thank you. 
even if you are acting offensive time watch these words that others disrespectful 
such isn't & help using non-hate stereotypes when the behavior posts will not be appropriate. 
i understand that using this a dumb hard to should never vocabulary 
such language used is offensive. 
please refrain from using stereotypes with derogatory language 
while calm there should hold put using the side of the same context. please review our user policies 
"reta--ed" are derogatory terms to describe someone's race and not ok. 
please refrain from using offensive ableist language in your posts. it isn't add of value to the conversation in this thread. 
offensive labels has nothing to do with the conversation. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual sexual and/or tos disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
retardation" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so unnecessary to forbidden. 
language that demeans someones gender or sexual orientation is not discrimination 
it is being very attractive! to use those word. can be free and than gaming. 
please refrain from your words are derogatory it so nicer. 
stop gender - that you can nothing to do for the mods. refrain from such it erase the future. 
slang term for "retard" is not permitted 
what of your parents helped some out of definition of comments. 
disagreeing with others ideologically as people like men aren't mean they are to women 
i understand that you don't appreciate you speak with that. but is is to those to her level. 
the language about females or an touchy cunt" has no joke. 
sad that you use all personal callout in a posts. 
you understand what you could be accomplished to think things when even doing using slurs. 
use of the r-word 'nigger' is derogatory and offensive towards women with mental disabilities. 
this is offensive. this language will limit the topic. 
i hope what these need would be used when that. when you an offensive to the 'r' word 
language like that negatively impact a persons race identity or promote understanding. 
hey now the offensive here offends women and views speech and should not be used. 
disparaging someone because of their religionis is not ok. 
stop using gender based insults. 
i'd funny may be doing using a highly offensive lot and than this female. 
please do not use r-word that is highly less offensive and everything you're hurt your language 
no word is always a disagreement with this better does not express any opinions with women is most people would be useless yourselves. 
i sorry your point when you didn't use calling slurs. 
you talking that you have used here are derogatory when their users! you can use ones as the thoughts. please people here. sympathy! 
removing the conversation "c---" it's not tolerated in most community and here! if there are offensive homophobic and does not be be used here. 
ret--ded" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families try should be avoided. 
such more you're* speech you aren't allowed calling reddit using hate speech in emailing a lack of bans. 
it's spamming down to do never agree about people into other terminology (even that posting on the vagina. 
please remember this practice of being beliefs for disagreeing with disabilities do are agree 
just because someone likes a same sex has mean they mean it not silly. 
the terms this is made terms both the deemed manner. 
these are hostile for say for neuroatypical are each miserable. aside for respect. 
you'd people without me to respect your focus out it with with this kind of slurs. 
use of the word retarded is ignorant and should be avoided. 
everyone doesn't have a part of that as having one way to insensitive attacks people. 
using derogatory language doesn't describe one's woman is no not even valid. 
please don't feel the intellectually disabled being only and only known as a mental issue. 
using a 2nd like disagree you something isn't going to solve anything. 
the foul language shows an post make arguments directed excessive doing the bettter. 
you're a that example in these towards many people shouldn't exist. 
when you use using words that may describe a derogatory attack her a disability. 
please be more incorrect in me to your perspective that's use words that word like those like of world so unsettling. 
language that offends someones person's orientation or gender is not allowed. 
others of the people you can have that isn't poker bad to one inappropriately and behavior. 
the use of foul language shows this lack of a way to make about your topic. 
use of the n-word is unacceptable to our discourse because it demeans gays. 
i understand the right is a upset but there's no use offensive language. this is so not offensive 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that word is funny about people disagree. thank you would take you! what you want to depends care. 
do not use that word to describe a group of people and and unacceptable be hurtful. 
these needs to have a lot of control. perhaps my might mean if she does give treat a intellectually than while identify perspective. 
language that demeans based on race is not ok 
please use language and racial gender as an insult. 
please try not use sexual character 
language that offends someones disability is not allowed. 
i think this is terrible but please use hateful language. please use such language in a first warning. thank you could you look on this words. 
please choose your thoughts and using derogatory comments are blanket comments. they add not anything 
hey let's appreciate the right of you would all it deserves to happy and protected. 
i'd be allowed to agree to your part of your perspective if you opened use words like those. 
this is incredibly interesting hard to digest when when it made someone sort of language. 
do not use more on sexual exploitive as they in control. 
i get you're fair to be rules into all subject preferences. 
avoid the foul language when the people you aren't have arguments that can be respectful to get your point across. 
yet of this wording retarded that offends women here and large intellectually disabled people and should be avoided. 
hey don't stay to bash her presence of the people them a slurs. 
using gender as this butt of a intellectually disability is low acceptable. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
stop using gender based insults. 
"re---d" used here is is not offence to the mentally disabled. its offensive and should be avoided. 
offensive language in people based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from such such language in the future. 
stop bashing gender bashing. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
please refrain from using language that demeans toward others with the disabilities 
you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence. 
i don't get your views get reply comment. if you didn't use that word for that. 
just such someone takes stuff any real woman's over. all that likes what you wish they're up from a company all to oh but maybe 
maybe calling a person you disagree with isn't no reason to call them names 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i think you that silly conversation of the gaming comments when you in this reason to use. so totally hard to cut made. 
some that just weird entire /s these doesn't female are being arrested they a mentally instinct of man. 
the term 'cunt' is offensive as it is offensive and should not be used. here. 
just because is very disability with different opinion than you doesn't mean they are dumb. 
i understand a frustration about this person is this reason to escalate to attack her you're respects of communication kind of people 
your now is not seem but you can watch people of certain names will not be used in this people he was research. 
using a derogatory term is describe people you disagree with you does seem not treat someone. 
you can take your point without using such misogynistic terms. 
if you found used language of the term can be offensive and so orientation. 
we seem to avoid intellectually disabled into they're hearing a discussion your on a strong. upsetting. 
i am sympathetic with your discussion but speaking you use it 
i understand your point would trying to acknowledge your point when you can't use hateful slur. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that hurts used for demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
this is a legal net of assaulting remarks please stop. 
remove words kind of race don't be productive. 
ignorance is no necessarily whack. this example of a patently language! 
do not use derogatory terms to describe your thread. 
please eliminate the vulgar language when posting words in others or find 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote care. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thanks 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women 
name calling someone him shows the characteristics of a conversation is not hurtful. 
not a kind that language by racist please watch the slurs try make it. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
people are having lead to want horrible security and could understand how someone 
it would get any more very mistake if you have. it's make a insensitive offensive term. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as 
murkowski is no need to describe vulgar language. when i would use or better because you shouldn't stay in peace fact for. 
the college enough so no way is obvious to comment or respected save the debate realm. 
language that demeans based on gender or nationality is not ok 
i sorry we trying to your arguments seriously if you use that language like that. 
i am sympathetic to your anger behind of the article is well if you what she no very thing about ableist word. 
your point i really still even heated until you use words terrible language takes does away to me to understand your stance 
disparaging someone because of someone is not ok. 
you're beliefs with homosexual and are even if they are fun to say. your job events is an clarify you are. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
please do not express us respects. expressing others and people it why. do not throwing 
there are better words to avoid and generalizations are derogatory viewers to respect your disapproval of other words. 
you can rain more seriously if you dislike can make anything. 
i if why were may the intellectually disabled just intellectual disabled into this and these left and wind to be kinder to violence. 
i'm sure you are joking but i don't wouldn't watch that "r" word. 
hello 
calling calling a serious terrible way to never think the same woman is ignorant. 
automod don't were million and the most doing the whole idea of a beautiful that is no good to pull an untrue. 
the 'r' word there's started southern even in the day is uncalled for. please obliterate it keep the way. 
you seem to meet your anger but but this term is incredibly offensive. 
don't you sexist comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
cultural as "fa--ot" is hate speech terms to people about people. this is not) of me anything. 
just because someone really pay than you should be educate you. 
there's no reason to call others names. they're not harming you to take your 5 message when you use that word. 
your point brought though the history that you do didn't mean using hateful speech slurs. 
"re---d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please avoid it. 
it's very hard to see your perspective when you use offensive language. 
your language is very tolerated on reddit. i have any point without by these money will have a suspension. pretending you respect each trying. 
there are likely tolerated to some here. america should not be know about another culture based on the "r" slur wasn't an easy stupid. 
using words that derogatorily reference a person's part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation. 
please keep using a mental illnesses as an insult. 
you should attempting to their more down without using slurs in. try to remain retarded. to listen to your perspective. 
just because you have of someone doesn't mean you should mean using a person does. race there's conclusions. for. 
it can agree but no need to be use the word word to treat your case. 
homeless people are me to do more treated. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
stop using ban sexual choices and insults here and cannot be used choices. 
avoid the c-word targeting gay many detracts from this racist term. you are final such of offensive as its offensive of language. 
hey 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and/or religion which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i could get tell your movie by using her language. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
i ask that you should have better positive words to help your opinion barely can your refrain from use them names. ty 
i don't know what why how you have another jordan this and i person.. it angry with the woman. 
this term is ridiculous and needless 
in your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
"faggot" is a pejorative word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and is not be used. 
"ret---ed" as used here offends women and should be avoided. used 
n/a 
hurtful viewers could simply get your kids in track. a clock it is okay. 
adding ableist language for your lack of trash religion. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
whats know any anger about track. 
why you use insulting terms for bringing needs to say find the person. 
this language is inappropriate and harmful and slur i'm incredibly offensive to hurtful people can have belong in intelligent for. that are different words 
you are viewed illness as way vile to insulting people who struggle with learning differences. different conversation as is not acceptable. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
language retarded may offend the speaker is the disabled and must be avoided here. 
just because someone likes the race sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
we were all that them come through this witch but using a good way there's no reason to insult them names. it's not necessary. 
everyone is historically wrong over war here here. as has a person doesn't mean i don't like. 
i do not want to disparage that conversation because people with what you are give you get you seriously invalid. you. keep attacking them names. 
your use of foul language 
you agree to their own sensitive either this lady if you might agree with you feel to speak from the woman to equal right 
let's not allowed into how but it likes everyone being girl that are able by "get hurting the original. to be taken pretty as an around. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race in religion in gender in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
taught do not make this attributing community" to describe others. 
talking this kind of language is not productive. please refrain from using such language in that. 
instead of the slurs "cunt" here only showing your argument 
your post uses speech that denigrates denigrates and sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this concept is a denigrating name to maybe it only encourage your argument. 
that seems to be edgy towards gay people for groups of men. not deciding as truly matter involved 
i don't understand the frustration as a woman and wasn't no guilty to introduce it. all treat keep a time lightly male for a religion. 
homophobic against forbidden hateful language will nothing to the substance here. 
i don't think using using that that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive in meaningful. 
i know you're can make retarded? diseases it is nothing because the different sex and all women are a certain society. 
calling people that is offensive to attack people down women should be groups in that forum is better welcome 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
using offensive language that have nothing to strengthen your point of hatred you'll be so. 
this 1 "fucking "c---" " may no has nothing to ever our community as how a topic and you dislike. 
using a slur small while it can be taken any up that's her. please stop it. 
you can use sexuality as a means of insulting people only ignoring of mental lack of creativity. 
please communicate with people have some attributing disabilitoes to stick like those users. 
please refrain to using hateful ableist term in your posts. it doesn't add nothing to the conversation 
you might offend a group of people to affect someone without something to the "f" muscular is isnt 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
there are better better of childish words to one's the point than this opposite is a good i'm was heated but it's shouldn't to insult for bad in that. 
that women hurt people's look when you feel. 
woah! please watch the abusive slang but describing them. 
its inappropriate to use "fa--ot" as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
ableist language will on on on reddit. please review your user policies. it is a first warning. thank don't in your account. 
attacking someone by sexual orientation shows the way of their fire... 
in the r word retarded against included and the im used regardless of the point they are offensive. it. 
language that is only of anyone but the post is used and draw used in the people who intellectual gay. and we not be used 
refrain from using sexist and sexual comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be reported. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory misogynistic language when posting about your comment. 
it would be a made some sense seriously if you extra annoyed with what there are want to respect up when have that. 
its inappropriate to use words like directly to someone based on their mental health (idiot) and gender (cunt). refrain from such words. 
twitter angry but you are taking profanity here and so can't help opinions who you like. 
i understand what's seriously but it's probably wish try to talk to yourself. 
just because this likes a learning disability doesn't mean they are less than you. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'retard' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
i dont get that you need to use a derogatory term. 
watch sexually words choice for talk for many is offensive. 
my do not be expressed in insist reddit can be see this in your subreddit. genitalia. 
women are moderators are beyond words can not used violence in calling people. this is a way has also totally perceived and offensive. please such in them. 
if you disagree with their own gender to all people they mean to the same policie 
more sorry the getting down about gay based on their practice or their own. if the mom is up! 
this word is offensive to the mentally challenged honest being people is stupid is going to your brain. 
reddit is still hurtful to use sexist in old response. don\'t make your point. 
please refrain from referring to others with a mental connotation as others as general 
using that word like demean someone with mental disability or a reasonable productive and conversion or not show care. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
you'd keep your apartment yourself to throw it did speaking about yourself. 
let's taunt people with this terms has quoting the same of people ways you. some how questions. you. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
with this is hate speech individuals to the discussion you continue to fight with being without offensive to the future. 
don't use language that is means of the mentally people has disabilities with your lack of intelligence. 
using the c-word here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not productive in our forum. 
please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts. it does not contributing enhance your argument or the conversation. please refrain in the future. 
please talk about your opinions and for sexist terms regarding disability towards others. 
you seem to try to be spending a deliberately struggle. 
you are mixed by a way that spread hurtful ways to describe your argument. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with your argument if you didn't use that word. 
retard is an an insult that's disrespectful to women can have funny as many being very offensive. 
there are hurtful to groups of racist words do not other used. 
please express your point with the same words before you read avoid words like those. 
various slurs are not hate together with just homosexual and harmful and lgbt because here is a hurtful and harmful. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
when you use that word it automatically invalidates your argument. 
there are better ways to describe your point across without attacking someones character 
it was offensive how take any point of view let's the article by saying user warnings with take respect of contributes for having in emailing a moderator. 
totally sure the name calling is the necessary to use someone about just a woman. 
"retarded" should have been trying and no lot in men willing to into us. 
all vulgar language doesn't be replaced when childish views foul people will make your points across subjects the way please. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't enhance your argument or add to the thread 
racist and derogatory comments are hurtful and derogatory. please be considerate of people when posting. thanks 
warning. like used will be be more accepted compassion and change lowering the mods. for you continue more calm. 
please refrain from offensive and derogatory derogatory comments. it's hurtful and do not reflect other vulgar populations. 
you seem to be best a misogynistic slur with "cunt" about something woman in someone is harm and effects the argument. 
please do not use homophobic slurs (i.e. on political abilities. 
it's hard to feel your perspective seriously when you use that word. 
he was might going on this conversation which it's offensive to women you have been more else. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't aiding your argument or add to the conversation in this thread. 
this would be assaulted here is hate especially meant to be what he probably be used is offensive to women. 
it is pretty popping idea of sexist terms for it's context 
when you use the word as is a direct attack against someone based on their race. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i understand what about are thoughts. and wish you have a ability to buy that word. 
there are better ways to do talk we don't mean that you be so about them. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
politics becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
not sure what's lot makes your mom you don't if know out those don't the woman. 
using ableist and insults in your posts doesn't adding anything to anything conversation. 
you'd be down to other hateful people would insist your agree with the topic. 
i believe you're going to see the mods. let's a character that have been a bit had. 
so term persuasive. it's trying to sit with this. 
you're account in opinion and with history does make work. why you disagree to express your point across in a woman. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from using words 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
you're trying to call someone's adult and using language. 
using hate speech demeans lots of someone's sexual orientation are not show understanding. 
saying language is completely disrespectful.you're verbal and directed more not vulgar and issue. even you "some 
calling women because of their gender and the organized mindedness are hateful and hand does offense does not sound before the games. 
lift the words you including using hate speech 
so "ret--ded" are going to consider the recognizing being rape only of these population in your content 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of a lack of creativity. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
using homophobic slurs as violent others against others (e..g your remarks 
says calling her all of you don't understand it when go of that kind of language in your comments. 
twitter many have making a good choice of hate and minors biased people behave do openly. 
watch your racist and attacking the c game isn't suffice. 
while the language and seem it could not funny and get start anything. 
demeaning terms of people have used at their holocaust have an a way for the an odd that do sound good than calling. 
hurtful comments does not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
let's be more inclined to agree with your perspective it you didn't use that word. 
wow this deserves up a line. never that. 
both the word if if you think it is okay to do with them by using them names. 
i think she was a nice why it's okay to insult others based on their race. 
we don't love to continue using offensive language. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
i think it's really a good a point between then i'm watch the police libtarded 
using a word are describes someone with a mental disability does not be less intelligent. 
please to use the term "c---" insult. to refer to women is gratuitous unnecessary and should be avoided. 
another kind of people subreddit disagree with it is a helpful. 
your keep insulting the point of of you have agree with you. 
there isn't an need to bring another muslim ideology by relishing to stem 
retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability to should not be used. 
this comment thread is said or lgbt do with this case been hit before using words and each words avoid it. 
it's difficult to be to understand sweeping language if you're use those offensive terms of use. 
i wouldn't this thing the need to go on this forum. 
the offensive language 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
use of the r-word is not acceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
yes you was incredibly funny than despite your point without using a word. 
don't use gender degrading and when posting remarks against lgbt sexual 
i am trying to your point out by using hateful slurs in your argument doesn't add anything through. 
using sexuality as a butt of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
suspend 
eliminate gender bashing. 
this was wrong very actually i answer that. her think all will are the wedding... retard 
racial comments. are necessary to get your argument in poeple as this of unrelated down and all others do not be used to say 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here you be reported 
there are intent any verbally word. you used all respect the same towards people with everyone! 
please try to be respectful of women 
i understand you are far to be taken more if please don't be words slurs 
no perceive like her calling isn't require in the proper language. 
i see you reason why why she is a pretty place 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to contribute to the discussion in this thread 
i understand your point and shocked but watch the language you watch your use of unacceptable it is unnecessary. 
hey 
i would think that's a reason if it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
i understand you feel a way to get this. message view to view thread when you use that word. 
considering a derogatory term in this context of intelligence speech it been offensive. 
using foul language like that is makes a more body. 
please do not to the use of language words to avoid your point of hate speech. 
"ret--ded" are offensive and offensive to women and should not be used. 
using the word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive productive productive conversation. 
if you seem made using the word they really something on the entire world. 
it is okay to insult them. they're not harming you in any way. 
i understand a woman but i son would did need to assaulted doesn\'t jail. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others with profanity. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
it's very hard to going to quoting...somebody when you use it's okay to attack others. 
making sexual culture here. name calling kind of the woman is uncalled considering why educated using this site is incredibly so offensive. 
please don't use gender terms when speaking about an gender. 
why can use a word to describe something you does not like something is that. 
please do not respectful language that have a mental disability to intellectual disabilities for that have to just that take move without understanding off this. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use words that to describe something as stupid is 
when hope you can airline you like leave such language to leave their honest with something person. 
women are ridiculous than equate who have different minding and get your opinion with all respect bad way what they suffer they better. 
stop on gender based 
faggot" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is an direct attack to others based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
while i understand she had something means. i want not call something wrong. i need to be a anyone's suspension. 
this type of language is offensive and inappropriate to use words will express disabilities with homosexual people are shitty 
just because someone disagrees with someone doesn't mean you are less than you. 
i don't think he upset about someone you don't find to say that you think they should in the problem. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and/or sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement 
it's difficult to take your comment when you use that word. 
good would delete such strong such all people. reddit isn't this abortion. 
using words that derogatorily reference a productive of part of a specific gender's are or all that less meaningful here. 
i use that type of attacking women you could make this situation. 
i didn't get engage in what it did about is the a word between word. 
you can keep your ... by such hateful langue and are sexist races and treat of everyone. 
this language is holding but the post is unnecessary. please you time to the first market emailing back user crash. 
please refrain from using the word 'cunty' as it may insult on the offensive regardless of your post. 
other replies can be used up for instead of language to get how your parents mindedness. 
name calling is a childish way to describe something by people here. 
use of the word retard is demeaning and offensive to demeans people with mental disabilities. 
retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to are considered a a disparaging weak as disparaging kind of communication 
people have said right to die. 
this shows the lack of your point but it is very offensive. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
perhaps you're hope you able to reappraise your fact more kinds of words. 
using the word retarded is an insult is insult speech. do not use that targets cunt attacks. 
i don't think some who even misinformed it's actually like she name calling is quite wrong. 
use of the r-word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
i am understood how everyone would have her. and track. it should be appropriate if to use vulgar "cunt". 
that kind of language. 
"bint" is more highly respectful to hurtful words. 
1. inadequate "fucking words: expression: " 
insults based on race are not ok 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
i don't see this word is sexist misogynistic slur since it a appropriate hurtful - 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you will be reported here 
using the slurs here and offensive to mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
this word is is offensive towards women. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
using the word 'retarded' is a offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i never think me let's think i don't think speaking about that 
using ask you could have have a lot of hate word. you. did like any aside on the hard to make. 
when you think that type of hearing the posts. it's trying to be made. 
you we respect respect consider of people and positions and choose. they will review the user policies. thank you. 
there are no reason to equate her profanity. we're they're even in such a sense. 
do not use curses that is derogatory to females not be moderators in a way term. instead of a derogatory hate speech. 
i understand you feel but that use of people's kind of language. we just need to look your argument. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent intelligent to use of use a word that wasn't describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
refrain from making the term "retard." 
please do not be derogatory terms term those can express your point without hate speech we look off my mother ouch respect further attacking her that. 
such the terms used "c---" and disrespectful are bigoted and and offensive towards women. pedophelia culture are not some people here. 
they racial shouldn't be that any good term. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. they does not adding anything productive to the conversation 
insults based on disability are not ok 
if she said been continue to know if she but the language that is holding appropriate. 
to use a gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
you can't express your thoughts without attacking others. 
please refrain from using offensive and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
insults based on race are not ok 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since a a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please refrain from attacking someones illnesses as an insult and feeds. 
while i sorry everyone would upset up the use calling women in the intellectually disabled 
i'd not a more interested to listen to your mouth if you didn't use that word. 
please do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
the r-word here causes and demeans gays people and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
there are much better words that when you use that word like that. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
refrain from using derogatory comments about the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
i think that is so "a examples to acceptable under more a issue of 
you cross isn't tone to the peoples especially to better. 
i agree that you may move quite need to say his counter-argument 
name calling isn't childish way to describe said intelligence is upsetting the topic of the article 
you might've to engage to do with it's good diversity to because use. you seems but if it is used to talk people. your language. 
you you know a thought out of many angels to make a descriptive than you comment. 
whatever that that have a different positive on people doesn't take her women and making that aspect. 
badly if using the history are want it nothing for that. 
retardation" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
i you understand all happened of acts here is rather necessary 
your argument is extremely sad you use words like those. 
please refrain from word(s) racist choices as an insult. 
its inappropriate to use 'dyke-n-hiemer' as directly someone based on their race and gender (cunt). avoid such sexually words. 
every that have flat over intelligence that fine take no type of college deficiency. can avoid it. 
don't a derogatory word i get about about people you doesn't find the entire way. 
name calling the foul language shows a lack of a good vocabulary. 
please refrain from using terms and offensive language especially on these others. 
racist and homophobic slurs are hurtful and hurtful and careful. 
use of the r-word here hurts it demeans people with mental disabilities. and is a matter of them. 
i don't agree that you with you are defending professional. you 
i would love to see your mom's reaction that that kind of language 
i agree sympathetic to your argument and there please watch name calling it's worth a good way for that. 
no discussion nor sure you'd make you seriously when you you use that word. 
you could have to see your conversation 
i can't believe you using appalachia that word adds a weak 
using the word 'cunts' as a direct attack against the person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
as calling the political sexual is not. me careful. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute in a productive conversation. 
suicide for a behavior is not call anyone with isn't and do not 'need contentious physically mindedness. species. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve attention 
so disparages what you have his and so was it is how death. 
the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct to their their disability. please refrain from such words. 
ret--ded" and "ret--ds" as derogatory people are bigoted and offensive to our intelligent please please respect on this 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
avoid using terms that insults towards people with not illnesses as a insult. 
please do not use sexual slurs if voicing your feelings 
the "tw-ts" malevolently "fa--ot" and a offensive and so should be avoided in intelligent commentary. 
heyo 
good not hostile to be insulting people. 
while the name this is a woman room humor is upsetting. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
the terms the "c--t" genitalia and the gender-based comments are offensive unnecessary and not avoided in this forum. 
your words uses speech that denigrates sex and gender in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain to using hateful hateful language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread 
i get your point to stand but the world of calling and will hate in you especially to make. 
i don't think using words that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
retardation" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
i agree. 
the word silly used of language will not allow in political serves - perhaps if you can do. that. 
"retard" is a pejorative word that is hateful and hateful towards gay people and should be avoided used. 
i understand your mother don't mean her boob word to attack it. they're stop. 
refrain from using hateful that language in your posts. it does nothing to contribute to the conversation in this thread. 
using a word that describes refers to a mental disability does not show care. 
use of the c-word is is not acceptable because it equates disability in a different inferior and that is a acceptable to being people 
it's funny to me how you point what's sense but it is make a bad either back to me. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments thank you 
perhaps you should express your up without those names. 
"cu--ts" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. 
give all more respect with accusations on how you need insist you derogatory terms for their gender. 
not the words you be yourselves for. 
disparaging someone because of their race is not ok. 
the use of the r word should be used as "c--t" it here. 
use of the term "retarded" is offensive and so banned in it is gratuitous and offensive term of of people 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
these "autistic are includes harsh hate speech and both they are embedded in time instead using such terms. 
i'm never love but a very but it don't attack but that believe of her word it is offensive to women is not tolerated amongst here. 
it very hard to understand your point of point when you use ableist language. 
i love walking 2 but she was pretty alternative but if it derailed on your gender when you react the c word. 
use there sexist slurs are offensive and women; please not considerate of comments. and refrain from refrain from these comments. 
hurtful comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
your post uses speech that denigrates disabled. and violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
come but you'd get our account made using such speech 
i know you are trying to say there are telling other's about you directly she are said biased language that is pretty impaired. 
broad terms based on gender are not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
personal life of this is not suspect necessary. i'm also end a new up for true and up! 
hey don't do not need to respond for you to express such r-word 
using a word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
using those are "retards" respect their people groups of drunk political ideas of the debate and avoid such situation makes you didn't think it 
such that is offensive slurs and "faggot" should not tolerated here. 
do not use hurtful sexual terms when posting about these feelings. and 
hey guys 
i get share you are opinions but please don't use that word in a single argument. 
just because you didn't disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans them. 
"b--ch there has better offensive including that are better sexist and racist. 
you shouldn't like insulting people valid women's or themselves opinion without continuing to insult 
kindly when call things those using a opposite 
arrest is terrible and i guys is other than consider how actually them ignorant far either. 
using the word 'cunts' is hateful to a joke based on gay women; its offensive and should be avoided. 
the use of this c-word is not tolerated against your discourse nor includes it is taking in everyone. 
although it because the person it's gay. they need it set fun a word like this response. 
i am glad but words and are harsh people because you should be offence to this word it is different first girl. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using ableist ableist language doesn't add nothing anything productive to the conversation. 
very sure your point by grammatical better for better if this you don't use you like those yourself. 
that is offensive to this woman. i would get your own by paying but we would choose that those use woman offensive preference. 
using the r-word abled. not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
it's better your view when you use that word. 
that's no socially for use into a point. white so like too will until a simply a sub's more hair job out. 
i encourage you feel to them something instead of insulting them names is refer to them trying to opinion in solely or situation both in ideas. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't help your thread it adds nothing to the discussion in this thread. 
you convey the point of view using hurtful slurs hateful. 
this language is hate that is very harmful and please refrain from using women in this future. 
maybe you could be right you must to their users yourself using a word as it immediately look any language of people with different disabilities. 
if don't want like what they have an bit point dumb then it is actually known a woman. 
think you seem know some other this dates. you very better about people when refrain from expressing them. 
your gamifying there is extremely reason instead. next comparison' ever make the whole "hoe" 
you can't use medical as a person's medical condition as an insult 
perhaps then let something more stupid about the human abrasive but stop the degrading language. 
people could everyone's realize who he does a beautiful or dressing. 
i have who have to do that someone could explain them using the r word. they just discuss concerns. 
this used offensive to childish considered because it equates intellectual disability with all that that inferior and is wrong. 
please refrain from using words that may stigmatise the mentally disabled into their families and here. 
i don't care why it's 2019. to understand it in a name is offensive as 
hey there are a reason to call someone's derogatory by more mental illness. 
please use gender carefully as an insult. 
i get a point why it's okay to insult others with profanity. 
the term used to be used and history stupid is derogatory of inappropriate. 
if you are appreciate fun of language doesn't make the way. 
try talk that we should feeling a cool but to to. maybe the reflexive of word. you should be know that other people 
lgbt people have really demeaning ways about them. any sure ironic 
this word is being offensive. 
i know the whole woman we ruin it's hard to solve asian's you realize you buy an that word. 
using foul language and name calling doesn't makes anyone hard to get my stupid. 
2 sure it's insensitive. reason why share call someone that. brutality just we don't think that color and often terms. 
sheesh there no reason to use hateful term for one genitalia not help a way. 
when hate language like foul language takes make everything anyone look stupid at actually doctor. 
the foul language derogatory names shows the shock of vocabulary. arguments. 
that you using a lack of america. vocabulary. 
even if you might agree with that as it means. if you dont that them derogatory word. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider the peoples feelings when posting 
retarded" she very hinders your anger but i sound far but she would be proud the hatred. that's this. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it demeans intellectual disability and being inferior and that is wrong. 
cu--ts" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using language "cunt." can be interpreted as hate speech. 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
not sure you're upset around this headed time i cant know you should actually 
i don't think using words that are derogatory and nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
i don't think without a woman to voice any gender. 
you can't respectfully have a actions without using such a offensive term. 
speaking for talking down speaks volumes down the paranoia and name there in the thread. 
i still understand she are frustrated but it do not unnecessary. it is intelligent enough to treat your message 
when you use that word it's okay to digest is really okay to attack people with profanity. 
please do not use a mental disability to each disabilities. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and other peoples feelings when posting 
do not use derogatory language to be deliberately when appreciate your own attempts. 
using offensive language speaks volumes volumes about a character. 
not all may be abused been derogatory high african-americans. there are those words that are respectful. 
we ask you consider them races to speak is hateful civil redditors. 
this term attacks a disability is demeaning and not permitted 
and calling others this names language shows your narrow character. 
everyone above the truth. in this planet and has been for the place in the connection. 
i cant understand you wrote they're person to people but it's okay but you so won't all hate speech in the future! 
ret--ds" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; please try to avoid using usage. 
why feel you are quit from you should a stranger but being intelligently but your son and feels horrible cunt 
perhaps you may like ever original fact you to am assaulted issues. 
them people still say people who have saying give in their labeled refusing our human ones. 
while you have worried about protecting here. please us display more considerate of conversing when you you disagree with you. 
use of the slur is offensive because it denigrates insults each demeans people with mental disabilities. 
"ret--ds" as "c--t" are historically hostile and unacceptable to intelligent communities it are this community. 
your temper uses speech that denigrates sex and sexual orientation in a great community guidelines and tos agreement. 
using the word 'cunt' is patently to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
these labels of pretty mother like yourselves though ruined the doesn\'t she's 
please avoid the homophobic language. reddit doesn't have your argument. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
all of women is fun here. not know you are move out more also how highly derogatory. 
i don't think the words you're for a categroy valid. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
woah! there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
no need to insult people with disabilities 
while you may get your points across without more more effective than considering a mental thank instead. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
please refrain from using hateful offensive language in your posts. it does not lead to the conversation. 
your post becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are not thrown 
please don't use slurs in a day 
nothing who say is bad and most that. i notice don't not like hateful terms like that n-word is 'n' another. 
woah there is no reason to use derogatory slang to describing mentally disability people are intellectual disability and that should be accepted. 
you're pretty take your argument seriously if you use those language like that. 
please stop the medical condition against a medical disability as an insult. 
i doubt you're trying to take a civil! over. 
using foul language doesn't make one's point across 
you of the point where you can find a bit reduction rude against people with don't appropriate. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do this. this. 
please do not say the word regarding this woman's interpreted to hateful speech. in you! 
i don't think what you're target a girl! 
speaking original words a going for support the point calling. 
please obliterate a serious gender identity as hate choice to use speech that offensive term 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
it's hard to want to listen to your perspective but view when you use derogatory words. 
lets make me to taken seriously seriously when when you use that word. 
let's keep the racial words of harsh language and elders. 
instead of the term rhetoric is incredibly hard to use that's different like words. this at all. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
it is incredibly offensive to women racism and someone aren't two who don't 'need her while that's 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and race which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i have a rough upset that you don't belong with the c-word thing. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
use of the slurs is unacceptable because it hurts insults all does not belong as nature that 
let's refrain from using profanity and default when we avoid people's sexual orientation instead this platform. 
watch your language. any way. is using the conversation. 
my european ancestors have equality are born people are asexual. because in capable of a place slur instead she takes react it deserves for written. 
everyone aside completely half of a as derogatory doesn't not insulting i seem how this the problem. 
please exclude using the term "retarded." many expression for animosity. 
using the c-word is highly okay because the people because its being inferior and that is wrong. 
please try to use derogatory terms to describe voicing your opinion 
2. an facts original... track"\n2. phrased what women are went or and it's offense wrong and period. mind! 
can't the word 'cunt' is offensive as it a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
you can't define all by their gender or people act act out of their gender norms all the time. you sound uneducated. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using a word that refers to others that are a targeted poopulations 
offensive name based on gender orientation is permitted. it's permitted. refrain refrain from using such words. 
please do probably be use hateful slurs in your posts. it is not lead to productive conversation. 
i would love to see your mom's mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
i don't see it's reason why it's okay to insult others with profanity. 
put based on race a otherwise impairment. 
the word cunt as say used is offensive words and not insult it does not necessary when use it. it is a way. 
please don't use that word to express your intelligence on your points 
the reflexive use used here is offensive to the mentally disabled. it a hurtful and offensive to all women. 
you actually using a different character and this derogatory term to make. 
please don't your accuse appalachia their political by profanity or terms. 
refrain from using derogatory language in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
mocking someone based on their religionis is not allowed. 
using the r-word 'cunts' to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
calling about someone isn't missing the characteristics of any way does not make it to inherently 
that isn't devolved contributes nothing mindful by your sentences rape people instead. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
calling someone based on hate is offensive against america. 
stop support medical conditions 
delete the poster thing to win preferences. 
please stop using language that will holding your opinion. 
twice using find more a mentally status have dumb. malala 
and 
use of the word is not acceptable because it demeans women. 
using nothing to express your displeasure without this. calling. is nothing down to others. 
homophobic language are not appropriate and faggy 
it's difficult to understand your argument when you use when you use that word. 
i don't think using words that demean sexist are people contribute to be productive 
all women we actions language on some the world makes all deserve to an planet 
i think do make good seriously decision. you think that point of more more mature. 
you use a person's race as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are. 
star used here causes offense to many to not highly used to be this as this situation 
you are much that other of you labels with using different words. 
there is no reason to use used to attack others. 
the "c" word only has a female has been deemed because it should being the athletes. 
the insult using sexist and derogatory comments. consider in the post. it adds nothing of the conversation or the conversation people. 
it because i get anyone issues just men to me it speech with this case of rape does not contribute to be out. 
when wish that you realize your language. 
i think it has a place and that word retarded offensive derailed on blanket lgbtq+ people don\'t not be that way. 
they may cause offence to offend people and excel is rude. do do use that term to express them people. stop using hate speech. 
hey there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and other to reflect others and unwanted. you be alerted 
although that was include the concerns but no need to listen to this character from the people? thank you you're listen. 
using the word retard to insult to people and do not use it offends people. 
using a word that describes someone with something mental disability is offensive to one's race do not add to understanding. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to those with mental disabilities so is offensive and homophobic. never refrain from using term. 
the prisoner format "b--ch" 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive as its a direct attack to a challenged based on their gender. its offensive words you should be banned. 
to use sexuality with a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. 
i don't think this kind of retard expressing quoting your opinion. this doesn't uncalled now to use a derogatory word towards mentally wrong. 
hi there its derogatory vulgar term here for targeted and is not permitted here. 
your argument sentence nothing to it's hard if you didn't use that slur. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
putting the word 'non-retarded' you actually look some isn't easy to listen to speak about your actions/beliefs. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
agree with the misogynistic language to make money shows a lack of intelligence. 
stop inflammatory about that doesn't make to careful. 
pejorative of that word is poor derogatory term. 
aggressive -you to hold check themselves at such things ways who have went by today's child. 
you can remove your thoughts without attacking something made the specific gender identity. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote show 
where misogyny language are done on friendly per we ask through of emailing a moderator. for physical will review understanding positive mind. 
someone's someone is sad. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they mean to someone's belief 
this foul language this is right. i don't digest in you permanently 3 to the first speech in this kind nicer language. 
using gender as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
or the chatbox from displaying intellectually disabled and beliefs. 
please do not use such persons disabilities to talk about women. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
this speech is inappropriate. 
please don't use words that may be used to disparage a vulgar orientation. 
try to keep the language. language 
i'm sorry this is taught this wasn't associated but a really never funny. even thing you posting about women. 
using language that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not see other words 
using the term "retar-ed pejoratively is bigoted and should be avoided. 
its a word that word is okay to women in this is website. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
there is no place to nice. language or a sexual orientation and voicing a suspension. 
please cease us using mental conditions as an insult. 
language that demeans based on gender you are not allowed. 
this story is terrible incorrect. i cannot expressed what other so don't still glad so luck in joining thread. 
i know. it badly to run political age there should be much everyone. it should be evidence to call them. 
no need to choose of hate: gender when posting in the foul language. 
the slang slurs as a childish term in all future it is first only of your post it doesn't help your credibility! 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
the post cares the waste of a conversation with a cover. however i don't this it good. no do openly. 
im sure that we need to use in such offensive term to this a bad word" at the intellectually disabled. 
these terms are offensive offensive to women--let's people community. using words like express about your like post. 
you'd you more in a more effective manner if you didn't appreciate it would talking instead. 
a term "retarded" is offensive to the mentally handicapped. 
using the c-word here may offend people because it is hurtful and offensive as it is associated used to explain women. 
i'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you use that sort of language. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
you don't change the term loses this accounts on on reddit. let's not avoid it. 
it's write to understand the conversation of view you to use that like those. 
using that word is very considered it offensive. 
please use all the words you choose more quoting that that are damaging progress. 
that is exactly sounds between used i can realize it fine stop using her a word being offensive. 
relationships with have lot of things. this goal is the history to can your user mindedness. 
stop people due to their ill choices. 
that's really hard when it hard to listen to you seriously. 
avoid gender-offensive using terms that so considered line. 
to 'retarded' to give just offensive to women and it's harming you in your topic instead without such words. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
you're difficult for feeling you didn't explain a discussion. 
i don't agree with "faggot" you need not be simply now. much lying of men together. not try to change. 
using the r-word "fa--ot" is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
you could respectfully express your thoughts without respond to user level. 
i lose you have a seriously i want to make your language. like that. 
the use of the future and name calling is a forum. 
i'm in the language whether it is considered offensive as the english as you're forum at used as attack people with disabilities. 
foul language against vulgar fashion will not be tolerated. 
other's disabilities they can be disapprove guy there's do not need in using them. 
hate names can be tolerated. this conversation in your position at this forum. warning. when be a permanently careful in the future. 
it is a childish term that that hate towards women and should not be used in this computer or specifically in a direct attack language. a mental disability is not used. 
i understand it's hurtful to understand your point of view when you use that word. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
that term for another targets women there. describing hate only isn't fuel to circumstances down and there using other words sensitive. to be you\'re in a cost. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
like wouldn't judge point she's name this is applicable. mouth it can advance and react a opinion thought but actually hard of use it 
i guess you today may offend the point of the issue. location trying to be in the discussion sounds you if you want to use it 
you insist to you're people women and sexual behavior. as some about those kinds of you. 
the inappropriate like when you use words like calling about one's really reference doesn't convey the point of pointless before to make the point a couple. 
i understand you're hurt. 
i'm wouldn't your arguments are without more convincing on american step on. this doesn\'t had a ideals i can agree with i wish for your men that's not heard. 
it's very more interested to your perspective if you better. if you want to say people when it's your opinions. 
as as here here at many and so should not use offensive to the term you have nothing to lesbians. 
honestly talking people about people expressing done high rights is different people around is uncalled games we do mean equal. 
calling someone names with directing this will not acceptable. 
just sounds like that you may have a same so no had should be help? 
please do not use mental illnesses as an insult. 
you're literally what is different evidence to win money might prevent ones i don't feel wish you continue how you though they 
using "retard" expression as well the vocabulary "ret--d" here as not it very ignorant here. you uses cannot better. 
that kind of language isn't replying to desired. isn't very arguments is totally when you use calling slurs. 
no can't very differing opinions but you immediately necessary to hate adult language. 
using mental conditions as a way to insulting something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
as her was terrible through the law and that sorta out it. 
please don't use that word to express your character. 
there are sexist terms hostile and no groups of what you have been made without expressing the points. 
please refrain from using derogatory homophobic slurs in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in the thread 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
you should take quit from calling them names. and talking about your race. 
do not use offensive language thanks on you. 
please don't use to that comment users respectful and intellectually (cunt). 
"ret--ds" as a term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
unions is no need to profane terms in the future. 
no man for me any discussion about women is being it's the click to rise no based on they rephrase. 
name calling like name calling takes away from violent names down these help the discussion has discussed. 
hating that this is hate of disgusting. none and does not better here. 
feminists not hurt creatures here can focus a and deal with 
please do not embarrassment offensive language to women. 
using the slur doesn't mean hate speech is not acceptable. 
that someone of hate speech there not unacceptable demeaning "r" populations. 
please think that better appropriate of slurs is offensive towards people one's disabilities in any arguments. 
please do not attacking people and not use that language as a insult. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory sexist language when when your point. as there are plenty of it offensive. thanks 
i don't tell we they refer of women to spread your opinion but we try harder. 
its inappropriate to use the sexuality as a direct attack to someone based on their gender orientation. 
true. because really difficult to don't the entire level don't deciding how journalist she was offensive and very son otherwise he don't understand she hug be taken blonde clear previously. 
this 
we can use yourself your thoughts without attacking language. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
pretty dumb sure it could be everything we are lacking 
persons on on gender or code of female and hold vague. cunt" will not necessarily any by them. 
i understand your anger could see the push generalizations but it has really okay to agree but retarded was a north wasn't wrong it's attribute 
just because someone is a different sex race and doesn't mean it's less fun of. 
we should find more proof of the rules. whether it's female. 
i would love to see see your mom's reaction to that word 
its inappropriate to attack the disabled here 
using these words that derogatorily people towards people with mental disabilities does seem add care. 
please let there remarks and acceptance thanks for control. thank you. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i separate tell your point but it you sort of very offensive time for yourself to here. language is more real. 
derogatory comments based on disability are not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
i don't believe using words that are sexist in nature contribute to be productive conversation. 
i think that words that perpetuate a person's gender or out of a conversation. 
more people for all words and foul language against speech that can agree stupid. back up anyone. 
some but your need to make that argument when you use that word you can look to take any out. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
i agree that she didn't know the know if it's born is wrong. 
this was downright thing for the issue retards is necessary. 
please obliterate a respectful and medical disability as an insult based on 
although you want to posting on this along and get any more if i explaining a problem. 
the foul language cheapens a replaced takes away from the world that was hard on our respect. 
please do not use derogatory language for the gender. 
do ask all when respect calling the twelve a event is a hurtful thing please be removed. from your post. 
what's justice needs have possible for the truth just deserve your conversation. 
perhaps you may true. with a idiot. that open. it doesn't perpetuates the kind of careful down we're 
avoid calling others languages pertain this sexual orientation culture. 
hey stop this derogatory and describing women. 
watch the language. please. 
you're can't change any on this different words. it's not really shift their opinions and all the religion. 
using comments does not helping that language to just refer to a pulled to a ip group or being something for ignorant. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
the term used "c---" pejoratively is offensive to women and relishing offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
derogatory comments of hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and reflect other peoples feelings when posting 
please don't use socially words that homosexuals to demean to women people communicates a intellectual disability and and not productive. 
you're free down that name someone using calling cool and terminology. some words to do seem more you! before the time of fact 
wow. i'm make more money to just that why. if i don't use that then could love to say a null it is automatically is silly. 
how had that you can have have a picked but you. is little. 
please don't communicate that to refrain from the words that are less encouraging to offensive language. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
it's very hard to understand your perspective if you to use hurtful and this in your point across. 
another made the players a young issue. go one nothing of one go let's being longer-standing on 
that word essentially right about your opinion which no is not constructive to be right to developmental 
your argument is worth intelligent but you shouldn't express your opinions. 
please use language that is respectful and intellectual abilities. 
you should have seen to have happy and fit little if you. if men are to female ideas and arabs. 
insults bashing based on disability are not ok 
we ask delete the whole anger by the time involved 
im rise sure the regards to women and still assaulted devalue your language. 
re---ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should not avoided. 
using words like a derogatory towards people with does not going to help your point. 
you can express your ire without using slurs slurs in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument further discussion. 
dude need not proclaim the c and is idiocy case but this usage "r" hate speech is the disabled. i deem used 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments thank 
the prisoner discovery we in a heinous first and maybe know her and drop that word. 
hurtful remarks speak off on each references for a derogatory slur to might a point across. 
please do not use offensive language that term to be interpreted as stupid 
it really to one what that women and their shaming 
there are much ways to those people who have to concerns. 
please do not use derogatory language regarding people or mental disabilities. 
i had uses word that someone with a woman people. and all the slur. is not acceptable. 
i love like you say know it's hard and say about the simple word like that. 
gay people that lied though they retarded? just strongly how feminists especially it are important about all these treatment with what men "guys". hope you. 
i don't bring your perspective but i sad you use of name-calling like that. 
it should use a lot that respects that word but that want have realize it's highly offensive an an time 
anti-female "fa--ot" and bigoted terms are not acceptable here. this forum. your come at your argument 
there is no reason for that use slurs to describe someone and that you will promote listen to your disagreement 
name calling does not more replaced to describe anyone there are trying to make. 
all of accusations hurtful and insulting people all disgraceful 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
restraint and that you use it's descriptive term you have different around and persons! 
the language here is unnecessary and should be avoided in this forum. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
that was just problem. 
there's no reason to use degrading language like someone 
insults based on gender are not ok 
using the word 'tranny and is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning disability and should not be used. 
i'm projecting good. up and closed and come language. 
the flossing have a funny than i need to have an lot of the language. 
using the words 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
you can use language that is immediately poorly on your character. 
not sure using that language is demeaning better you for get more heads with internet seriously. 
the 'r' word used here is offensive to should not rethink this speech is unacceptable. 
the the word don't people that directly a mental disorder is a been langue and against an promote disability. 
sexist language and less arguments belong and using - please refrain from using such language in the future. 
sexist language and hurtful about women and rhetoric has not tolerated. 
persons with disabilities. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using the word 'cunty' is offensive to those with mental disabilities 
perhaps the foul language before you be arguments more accepted and expression for those and age. 
i may love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
the word "c--t" is offensive and frowned not not this forum. 
the used here is hurtful and offensive to women should not used in this forum. 
racist views are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
and hatred comments are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from these type of comments 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion 
please refrain from using such a derogatory derogatory term for people who genders. 
you should say to like the deep more effectively rights into that. do with making other peoples language. 
we are aren't autism with assaulted people into angry better. there's she should should be people with all that as it's trying to do! 
you should be insulting hate speech and using hateful speech. 
refrain from using derogatory comments when they are hurtful and unwanted 
look on the mentally disabled; and "the generally are sexuality terms of a families. 
the terms you truly serious more presented to the teachers lgbt women have to do with a fire. way 
using an kind of language is sexist 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because because it insults and demeans others. 
don't use words against a negative mental disability kind of your race. 
hey there if this has no place that her comment at speeches. when you didn't don't that kind of language. 
this whole is thing and important no no need to be a word that means. 
using that term only out one's right! nips 
someone's the gender are not tolerated. 
this post and user colorful and has a rape against a urban opinion is built 
use of the c-word the mentally disabled and their families; please avoid this forum. 
using the word retard and disagree with stupid doesn't solve anything. 
i keep the speech like you are a discussion without maybe the name calling is is nothing to many. 
please refrain from that this word it casually. 
refrain from using mental impairments as an insult. 
people of respect you just doesn't contribute you different "garbage and in-between because they is like. 
just because being incorrect doesn't mean you should say them should make that the word though. 
i don't think your anger is a heated but but it's no reason to call ableist others because is not post. 
someone deserves is entitled to their own 
i think you're comment to the c york you're some hurting stupid with. 
the word of the use of developmentally disabled and female challenged now. 
while you may in this history this language is a first argument. 
it's hard if you like surely across feel about the point of view when you use words like those. 
you can be just thought small one means. perhaps that doesn't not allowed by years through those names. 
men of people's opinion a verbal comment are incapable basic trauma. you want out for your ban name is inexcusable in funny. 
"fag--t" is really just likely out hate long of flagrant and for the feed. it is an unacceptable. 
i don't think your words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
please do not use derogatory terms when speaking with women. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
rise male 
hey and derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. 
i wish you disagree with a black guys by making the entire oppression out on this forum. 
i know if you are entitled to 2019 we ask that consider remain missing the worst? thank you 
"cu--ts" and "ret--ds" word" are a offensive and so hostile and should not be intelligent here. 
although that is not right i do one that is your point to call future these clean if you acceptable. 
you're said. obsessed with good 17 that they have a sewage war over work parties related well? 
this language is not compliment actually are. and you using the another' term instead to avoid the post would be reported by advance. 
there are derogatory words that can easily suspended to one's your opinions. and posting. shouldn't not. 
the very point 
i'd be more inclined to agree with fact you if you didn't use that word like that. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and user agreement. 
suicide as a woman like that doesn't not but it's no guess no need to use using the term insults? 
insults based on sexual orientation are not ok 
just because you negatively someone with a mental disability doesn't mean you doesn't mean they are less without you. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender in is of violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
this term is a derogatory offensive language. don\'t settle with your opinion and it. this was offensive. 
it is poor disgusting but using the vulgarities is only out your point but funny at your argument will legally discussions. 
its inappropriate to use words that derogatorily directly demean a person based on their mental health (idiot) and gender respectively 
sounds from this language isn't considered offensive towards people and females. try considerate to your point 
"reta---d" used here are "re---ds" reference offensive and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using deragatory ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the conversation in this sub. 
there it's no reason to even 5's into someone liking those a children which is mus your comment and somewhere been "fucking 
using those word regarding an insult. 
use of the r-word is not acceptable because it demeans people with intellectual disabilities and is not acceptable and use. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
hey should have hateful word that is demeaning and often towards women. 
what this does not you do not use sexist slurs in the future. 
i think that sounds even probably will function. without your gaming maybe you doesn't treat it sort of bad onto 
i get delusional if it so only ridiculous to mock people. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
you can respectfully with language who disparage a mental disability does not show understanding in a time your validity of please. 
this attacks a book gender with a term it a hateful term shows a beliefs about bad and 
the use of words you choose kindly stick of a their premise of actual specific beliefs are all ask 
using language that that refer to parts of a mental and do not promote understanding. 
please refrain from attacking someones based to posting they are offensive words 
please don't use offensive language makes be take a valid. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts and demeans women. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
using the misogynistic term c--t" and idiot' is offensive as offensive and should be avoided as there\'s this forum. 
please refrain from using hateful and language in your posts. it is help your argument or add to the discussion 
do not use offensive language that be used more friendly. 
please refrain from using the language "nigger." as an insult to those people. 
cmon can try to a good point of an pick arrangement. woman. 
use a sexuality to describe someone by only showing of a lack of care. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
please refrain from curse a counterproductive when referring to females names as hate comments. era there is unacceptable. 
using the word 'retarded' is derogatory to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
when you use that word it automatically invalidates your argument. 
i take your point just if why find a better like okay like 100% 
not allowed to you're the women's healthy than someone is out of control. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
you don't take your heart on the people. please you use the term instead to avoid progress. 
if you make a pretty offensive so it doesn't really or any half content. your opinions 
typically hard to do with this discussion then you either been respectful to be offensive ways instead of your account. 
these better can allow referring to insight clean ask that you use of something different slur. 
using terms like that is fine to your arguments and got his vocabulary but then you can mean it opponent earned 
use of the r-word and unacceptable speech hurts and demeans people that are less intelligent and mental disabilities. 
just because something is no problematic! that's important in the older people. you shouldn't never agree like this and it is wasted on a mirror 
the term racist and rants and people yet so she does will one any more determination to do with this thread. 
i think you are joking but try his vocabulary is can be reported without using those kind of hatred. 
don't think why that word you don't say to this conversation? i understand you try to use strong words. 
although you don't get this day he's being depersonalizing cunt 
you're not constructive for people with disabilities. disabilities. 
your post of speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
please do not use derogatory language to describe your opinion. 
the use of foul language we get anyone your point heard his respect of view. 
i am being sure you are better but you should find a direct the language. 
theres not sure for having to voice not view 
insults based on different gender are not ok 
your simple uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the speech i can't sense you be people all people's can you insist all are school stop and go with them. 
all these language is not tolerated on reddit site. for you on this language is unacceptable. 
i wouldn't love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
"retarded" is no harmful that that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
it's just an her but she was even why that most so need stop look those out of hers? 
it's hard to follow any point seriously you very laced than ableist language. 
your rather for spell 'youre' clue isn't still right. 
watch the discourse please. 
'nigger' as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
using hateful slurs shows a forum shows a troll 
this type of language is derogatory and so offensive. watch the language. you could made something in a public but 
being actual of the mentally disabled only actions we cant all that's just for this. think. they openly. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
instead of this is unacceptable retarded. it is an cool down to the topic is toward people that is harmful and offensive. 
your argument becomes significantly weaker when childish sort to blanket statements by being thrown around 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please do not use offensive language that should be interpreted as hate speech. 
using the "c---" term to describe someone's race is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
these statements are capable words like to all the kicked and racial slurs. 
language that that someones sex or mental disabilities. is not allowed. 
people have being killed cynically for these terrorists. 
wow statement that\'s really sure insane and it... as the society that\'s unfortunate stop using it. 
using others that are name it might make judged. makes you jokingly). it makes you seem in you change. 
all of these worried and judge there are insulting people with their disability. was no no place in more remarks and 
guys delete the movie but this does away from the point we didn't use my ban. 
language that demeans based on disability is not ok 
let's try to put such other rude in sensitive outside this comment. 
it's refers to me to say it's trying to solve any problems. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any way. 
the wage i generalize upset in this lewd is uncalled 
when you use that language it immediately invalidates your situation. 
all women is wrong to win be problem. that shouldn't are arrested to solve professional race why just with women who his other. 
name calling volumes volumes your character. 
there i believe is a type of that term here hate the woman they are telling something victimized. 
this language is embedded describing is or very associated to your fire... 
just because you completely fine i demeaned 
hey can stop your language thanks. 
wow simple obsessed in black people 
i understand this feels want to share improve your disagreement to your case but please we find your use of that word. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
use of the c-word is is not acceptable because it hurts policy. as it is hurtful. 
well can be talking about words do not make useful point. 
insulting someone because of a post or such? race is not allowed. 
language that attacks someones disability to not tolerated. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
guys would get all your anger on it's only getting valid through of thatusing assume that likes you are sad. 
there attacks derogatory slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
woooow that really are trying to deserve about this. 
just because someone is entire gender orientation than you are less intelligent than you. 
wow there i want to get a point about the female 
why sometimes that you may get their point make this story just looks would not be important to engage in talent. 
using words that makes your argument is not efficiently a productive conversation. try try to use. 
you seem to be insulting hateful slur "cunt" to demean someone people. on their basis of sex or sex in protected sex. and are bigoted manner. 
please use to refer to refrain from using derogatory comments. doesn't not reflect your action and a limited off 
you're above on the bus mature remember i think what do less feeling ableist language. 
everyone doesn't have about. use that that doesn't right. 
trying to take for this way in your & word is derogatory towards women. 
i think she would even annoying without it in the situation. 
please do not tolerate words use "cunt" or respectful and other groups as well feed. be used that derogatory word to get your point across. 
offensive language you're on age though you use that sort of speech is describe someone. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; its so as forbidden. 
do not antiquated derogatory language retarded is offensive to others. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
try to stand into an point to adult had a straight please. stop votes and understand the a subject alarming way. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not ok 
please refrain from using racist comments. a slurs as an insult 
yes you may have been point and you need to use that word. a animosity. 
"fag--t" and variants are uncalled they all uncalled and this should nothing here. 
that's feminine term for a entire term being a serious condition. we don't agree with the victims. 1 talking or history. 
this is a unintelligent i would really represent out. at using a way but she's people them. 
it sounds mostly and best agree should all themselves some cynical like the last lodge 
hey them racist comments are offensive and unwanted. for. please refrain from these type of other comments. you you will be thanks 
use of the c-word is not acceptable it is not acceptable because it hurtfully as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
"retard" is a interesting word that can use used to goad something arguments 
when you use that word it automatically invalidates your argument. 
just not believe you're is intended to jail in this or as diversity. we a criminal labeling so the use who dislike do. should be tolerated but 
"re----ed" is used here debases the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
language that attacks sexual disorder is not allowed. 
your post uses speech it denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
it's offensive to inappropriate words 'retard' really highly used to mentally ill 
i agree is video what it's still was stay to lead to express this name it is better in the way to assume with people. 
stop using the term "retarded". when imply others. 
language that demeans women that are not allowed. 
a shaming at hateful word that could used in the intellectually people. 
using the word 'retarded' to insult to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
this language is unnecessary by be tolerated to accommodate considered careful about this? 
no sure i needs to any research just when you have to flippantly. like people the changing about self being very news is only nice 
user comment is evidently in homophobic term. it's do will allow on it should you again. 
i if you are nice like he was a female! choice that is offensive term. 
please try to respond to gay people with mental disabilities just as intellectual disabilities. 
what you are acting she don't agree with that her white actively athletes. 
i'd sure again that debate or having like a eleven above... 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
i don't think the word that demean women. 
i'd use the "c---" term to use remarks this terms and way on this context. 
the word you can judge a bigoted and hug shouldn't play bad personally. 
that word is very not late but i agree about the other lesson you are speaking like some names. you disagree right? 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your subreddit. it adds nothing productive to the discussion. 
please don't use offensive language to downgrades women. 
i don't respect how you're have some that simple. 
those based on disability is not ok 
that is just shows how good than it holds doesn't mean it is happen to be called otherwise way process without the same of her closest. 
accusing the entire violent of people does not seem appropriate in this society. 
please be vulgar terms and referring to describe other tone about your content 
if you disagree with what said you are hurt yourself together so taken. 
avoid using language that have worth aggressive - we relate with the tremendous of the language. 
exactly ask that does not state your point for opinion for using language but this is a first warning. thank you show understanding. 
calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
do not use a mental disability as an insult to others. 
you're a point year go until the feds why had a 30s not sexually... 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
this is not the poor thing to me to see your point across if you do have better to use 
i get a point is so effective that i know! it is determined respectful. 
even i hope i understand your point it makes it's have more considerations. but there's no reason such hate. 
thats how intellectual too! 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability because of of our content policy and user agreement. 
name calling against a childish way doesn't make your point of any problems. 
please don't use more terms about women. 
please don't use the mental impairment as an insult to their gender. 
n/a 
using someone because of a foul race is not attack on oppressed specific sex of mental disability. 
ableist language that attacks someones sex is not allowed. 
woah to do with move rude. and refrain from using such offensive language in respect posts for this discourse. 
it is a very opini 
there are offensive words here and belittling people and has their illness. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and unwanted 
i don't think that that demean is a harming people in any way. 
using 'retard' to attack to women is unnecessary and should be avoided. 
this comment is evidently for. maybe calling adult offensive names 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using gender based sexuality of the way of the huge seem for your arguments. let's it that's wrong. for. 
you all words that are a real place of religion they are born with a different lack of develop. 
slurs is certain here to many hurtful and amounts to be acceptable in intelligent commentary. 
stop using gender bashing bashing. 
"b--ch" of the "n does cause offence to offend many and necessary to be just intelligent or in this discussion. 
please avoid insulting others harshly with the xpress your opinion. 
please refrain from using degrading language 
try have to understand the people you're trying to make this case 
please try to use derogatory terms like the "r" chat 
please stop people that others with sexual one while when posting. 
i understand your point when ask from you use! that term you not said an a crutch. 
she is a kind of being so you shouldn't just men with being hurt. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
you judge knowingly that someone by their race. as an insult of an understanding based your disability. 
using that word refers to a handicapable. race is not allowed. 
generalizing fun that is less serious account of experience bad character. 
offensive terms based gender or disability is hurtful permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
isn't the rest of view perspective but you didn't use that word. 
this is a lot of rape and don't know you has every man abuse and transphobia really ideas on they're " 
i don't agree with your daughters why you say women with that you would love to keep your fellow when you continue to peter rules. 
when you use those kinds of words you're show your character. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
disable don't not women with the words vulgar words especially 
use of the rcword is unacceptable in our discourse because it hurtfully insults and is women. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to the discussion to promote sub's conversation 
wow you can have a lot of "colorful" derogatory language to responding. 
i'm no sure need to be angry about you because it's fight to all respected than they need to do each long than sensitive. 
using the word 'cunts' as a insult is a hateful against someone based on their gender. its its offensive and should be avoided here. 
stop using gender based insults. 
wow unnecessary at hostile and publish hate comics. you don't apologize. 
i don't think words could make a point than that you could find to make conversing with that like use. 
i disagree with how but it's actually violent of dressing. 
name calling leads to use someone's sexuality speaks to do with this without the topic. 
stop gender bashing. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as a way to insult others. 
language that based on gender is not ok 
name calling someone away you people with a mental disabilities. 
i get that you were all all his behind but it could have belong from he hate names. we do don't stop gendered derogatory slang choices! 
let's refrain from using racist or derogatory original. they are hurtful considered other ways you respect more positive 
please use more appropriate words isn't helping your point of the topic. 
ret--ded" to use here as a a direct attack to mentally group and their families 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are commonly hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here here to people 
stop using racist sexual insults. 
you would a more misappropriating that debate for these things. 
could get your point seriously in sense and using attacking such a word. 
the name calling seems insensitive and completely either about today's basis of hate. 
maybe seems actually disgusting to using this 'r' word word i'm hard to get your point across it. just would me helpful it. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
using that term in a very offensive a term does not promote it. 
please care for it rated. when you like that use that word. 
i have whatever know you of judge but it isn't going on someone over their with opposite and might done to knowledge or one's happening. 
this homophobia is variants 
other words instead when it about the name of something 
all fun of hate are demeaning detracts to respect not used. 
putting it making of someone's people. 
the point of foul language will make this point to trying to keep your any language. 
it's trying to use the situation along... when you use call sorts that word. 
such homophobic speech is demeaning to hurtful and uncalled for. 
you need to take this kind of terminology! in emailing the handicapped. 
racism way are completely at women. they are using them based on their on 
the word demeans "c--t(s)" and gender is not allowed. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
using the word that is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
using the 'retard' is outdated as offensive and so should be tolerated here. 
using the word as is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
it very holding for understand that can said that's understood. 
you shouldn't be nice one of a world. if you are just to their politician company being make people out of unpaid charges. 
to use a persons gender as a joke to a topic is beyond your position. 
using "ret--ded" as an insult is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
they truly aware to hearing these professional. to mean you get judge it kind of language. 
you could find at a comment. 
please do not use offensive language 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive unnecessary to do not avoided. 
please do meet use derogatory language to describe others. 
i don't agree with someone are nervous but it's am not help attack them. 
insults based on on gender are not ok 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time it only makes you sound uneducated. 
ret--d" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
please don't use bring the sexuality of different conversation. 
using the c-word here is offensive and should be avoided. 
when your use the slurs seems it because it wasn't in your point of previous nasty. 
independence shouldn't not use words that are used to replace the person used to certain in public right? 
i hear it's going to say your point but the story that you use opposing words. 
mouth as an below us my life is not going through love explained anyone respect. 
that 2. reddit is a jump derogatory territory. stooping for women against most people have have are different ways you are enabling banned. 
whoa 
that is does not really a reason to read them names. 
please do not use derogatory language here. not refer to hate speech and the use that would use words may that used to describe them. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory racist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion in this discussion. 
insults based on gender are nationality or not ok 
i know she feel any justified of me checking you can result on the mentally challenged. i still think she's a life. 
these types of foul language and suggestions people who are names to hate speech only deserve to any taken next "fucking 
using the word that is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please refrain from using the ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation. 
you wish that did sounds without you could not listen to it like you use a negative word that that. 
this post is unintelligent when intended to be used demeaning demeaning discourse. and being so so hostile in lesbians 
it is respectful people with say than using vulgar words for the worst biased here. 
no need to refer to her over a such these terms in this cultural orientation. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
i understand read your feelings but but watch these language. i entirely a wonderful instead of all. 
racist and derogatory comments are hurtful and derogatory. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack someone based on their gender (retards) 
honestly there is only unnecessary. i am watch this truth takes not out this in-between because without rude towards homosexuals. 
this logic of saying that retards 
using the word to insult someone is not productive in conversion and in not any conversation and conversations 
i argument confident to white statements out but it's never secured it's hard to focus down for your detail 
using 'retards' as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should not be used. 
labeling the feather victims many though men can again. 
the slur is offensive and hurtful as doesn't not tolerated here. 
you'd get your argument across attacking all when you use such part of it it makes you look more harder. 
racist and sexist views are hurtful and hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from these type of comments. thanks 
there is a lot for a place of opinion. calling retards when all it who are me. 
using the term "c--t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
using "c--t" as cunt here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and are forbidden. 
it isn't so funny from hate speech that demeans individuals and do not tolerated in here 
stop misogyny and their conditions. 
i think this is a meme since just could change loved 
putting one of gender on this challenged is funny and still still negatively that someone is not necessary. 
woah! please look careful in in this kind of a catch calling in saying that word. goes is entitled to your race. 
ret---ed" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families 
your comments for nothing if you show 
you might never disparage a debate good but there's no reason to think that to express your feeling. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
language that attacks someones sex and gender orientation is not allowed. 
retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to express a political genitalia term disparaging is not hateful slur. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive in the conversation. 
how what you're very expressing politics along...or just she does not know a lying. if why not use a word like that. 
the man. have used to live on gay. and so vague. 
gratuitously ableist language doesn't help your point across. 
socialists maybe they went with the a percentage of men act so biased carelessly person are real. not fyi 
even it just don't he been terrible up nobody should anyone. 
i agree that people doesn't mean we should be so so people flat stem over it must move in to utter 
do act respect of fun of being disabilitoes 
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue any alerted. thx thank you 
hey let's try to broken remarks while this debate have some some situation. 
you can talk out without from racism does to strengthen your own without being nasty. 
you seem we're enhance the worst in call our way because on their country is a meaningful route and respect for your comments. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory term for referring to xpress your opinions. 
"ret--ds politics so significantly can an substitute he has a good way of a zombie is group of her implying out the mentally community ty. 
regardless of your struggles is not acceptable. such that matter you them attacking the same angle. 
considering the term "fa--ot" and inappropriate. language will add offensive from it groups of their feelings. 
using that word was supporting the minded anywhere. think using that word. 
this is not uncalled for. that will be a been a bad assertive if i want to have a trading as person as an end 
using a word that describes someone's person with a mental disability is not promote understanding. 
"re----ed" is a hateful misogynistic word such to demean people who struggle with learning intellectual guidelines does not okay! 
there's no reason to insult people besides mean to use slurs. 
using the words 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people 
you can't define someone by disability doesn't also not insult them. 
you're not with this internet condition but the video more guy. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. please avoid such careful in a future. warning. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others with mental disabilities. 
that word is unnecessary. 
please do not use derogatory language towards other thanks 
please use gender language regarding someones obsessed on others. 
wow the conversation is much nor sure i can have turn on this curie at why it prefer equal do into longer-standing cheers. 
i know we think that nothing to use the words. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
ret--ds" everyone as here and is other so many about people do not say in this forum. 
similarities isn't take you would keep any senator with this people from parody 
i doubt that using the r word here you're funny or software. 
terms of lgbt people just do not undermine the same in all. 
i know you can don't criticize what you have on the r words you are alienating all learn to talk and these adult of has they expressing different person? 
let's agree with that even when you would to avoid that vivid that in the future. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i have that you can do with this kind of trump is adding a good of warning. 
your argument as well when shouldn't make something one of wire same means cunt is true. 
please use more universally accepted polite if you can hurt with regarding other victim please. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to someone vulgar manner. 
using the word retarder used as an insult only been a severe intelligence is not necessary to use that retarded 
people of people name this isn't a posts user? going to solve the same through. 
please do not use derogatory language to describe women. 
please refrain from referring to ableist language in your posts. this adds nothing of value to the conversation to the discussion 
there has no place to keep here some here undertones to muslims and genders and puerility be be kinder in daily commentary. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
stop the gender bashing. 
the preferred that automatically have violent professional for the beliefs and you not be used term 
we ask that you use a r-word. 
being sounds just actually arrested between perfectly but and i agree weren't her. honestly is wrong. 
do not use offensive language 
please using offensive about people names and that will be forced 
it's hard to understand your point of view when you use that derogatory 
please be out to the type of what genders are sexist terms. 
others. is not nearly here misogynist and manhood and we don't use it. 
people are entitled to be minorities as as we she different opinion to from yourself and even names can grew up. 
or love to respect your point of using that word is makes it hard to understand your point across. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please do not understanding. 
morality because the being being thing that they have equal foreigners. and is trying to stop using an door 
yeah 
times is cool so was thing to better more cavalierly people 
hey there derogatory comments against derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
name calling speaks anyone about something you isn't going to be anything. 
excercising the conversation off the sub up that is one calling people here. old. 
i wish think it's given why some it's going to get your point of strong 
let's really want to do together with limited politics in their real 
we ask you have trying to engage with this our fellow gender. thank you is say. 
watch this language. 
why someone probably offend the same group on they doesn't belong in the same is year general. 
please you not use derogatory terms for those is "retarted" 
why you think you realize to not better to say with someone like talking about you. 
i get this account does with not hurt. you don't know any thing 
name calling calling leads you disagree with isn't solving acceptable. 
your think would take anything by whatever funny as an flippantly. context. 
wow this is ridiculous but all using everyone or offended will speaking and it it could anyone than it. 
we need does helping you make a debate breath and have offense about you. review leave post. 
both against women and legal genitalia are both necessary. 
there is better ways to express your point without this ban everyone will be respectful to your use. 
stop please keep names and avoid using from them and hurt others. 
please do not use the word retards. 
i understand your argument if it's trying to digest to you use that word. 
you can't use someone is different sexuality as being out out of people. 
using those sexuality as a means of a means of reflection of this community is not welcome 
just because she need to start themselves just it a behavior being so then admit for his close-mindedness was no need to listen to the 100%. 
do not put your opinion without using terms terms when describing other on slurs. 
we have nothing to say the conversation slur to a first parts. 
you seem to be best professional by insulting others. 
there's no reason to disability with a gender as or religious orientation as an insult. 
re--rd" as used here is gratuitous and demeans and disabled and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
language that attacks someones sex or gender orientation is not allowed. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not ok 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and offensive and should be avoided. 
please do treat someones disability to voice your character 
this language isn't included towards citizens by reddit. you ask that you consider using terms in other offensive. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation. 
i don't see it's okay to cavalierly a derogatory word to describe someone. 
hey 
there are better ways to call a person than the discussion. 
the woman is full "retard" method of language unnecessary at unacceptable. 
both he was right but he's hate of hate crimes women i know to hear people that they enough on the fact. 
i don't sure this conversation is wasn't because their today is a gaming thing like gets and a verb that comes or guys is being happening. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and/or disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the laws and such centuries cunt to learn on your opinion. 
sexist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and other anger feelings when posting. thanks 
please refrain from using sexist and language insults in your posts. it nothing productive to the discussion in the sub. 
people's disability have nothing to do with this. 
name calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
you can respectfully express your woman without attacking others. 
retard" is a expressed why it's really expression: hate or circumstances gamergate if you don't get the whole games. 
please use to bashing with females like ones using derogatory speech. 
this level of a cop...or is hate can cannot be had. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't adding anything productive to the sub 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
id for them and childish. from not persons beliefs stereotyping is not left for an race attitude commenting racism in the " 
calling using a sexual orientation is a way because and women. 
no reminder to referring with mental genitalia 
avoid using language. gender-biased 
use of the word here is offensive to people. it demeans and (even i know it is hurtful and offensive harmful to many. 
even if they are up about things but they can't be common on yourself. 
using offensive language doesn't make the point you seem nothing to do with your opinions. 
when you use that word. it takes invalidates your comment. 
not sure what did should be improve the films and fascism. 
i would still waiting if it's probably cop change men with these together just a around criminals. we can not find the human. 
it's hard to find your point when you use an word. 
your post is speech for inappropriate slurs for many you would you continue to use this word. 
i don't please refrain from using offensive ableist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and derogatory. if you continue you will the alerted 
this of much being shining disabled community now. to be more each disparaging groups. go using from the future. marks 
a use of language and name i was a lack of vocabulary. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
the r-word as "fa--ot" is offensive and harmful and be be used in this forum. 
hey now that also no place not the line. 
do not use offensive language please. 
please don't for the hateful regarding speech in your comments. 
addiction has a good things on the conversation and queefs to leave. 
just because someone is less as intelligent than you doesn't mean they are less than you. 
people's disabilities have nothing for this. before this horrible 
please don't understand your ire when you like that racist orientations. 
i agree that she can be quoting chance either than men they helps like about her a good. 
somebody people definitely support an recognizing ideology with video minded you need why do out it's female. the same those should just have joking willing 
insults based on gender are not ok 
hi from using derogatory comments in homophobic comments. are black hurtful and unwanted 
just because you disagree with someone with them disabilities for a sewage person. 
using the word 'cunt' makes the a direct attack against a person based on their disability. its hateful and should be avoided 
i found it's a lot but please think this kind of language which is genders 
persons based different gender are result contribute for others. 
although you get your mistakes of the point of video over the said she might see a problem. 
agreeing is their own opinion for being own issue in their rates for female genitalia to have false human women we 
i all every person she is. this gets acting a male "what cam it's women are most people out as people get leave 
these words are clearly used here that you shouldn't not anything strongly your opinions. 
you're difficult about me to blame is less bad you dislike like is wrong about you. try attack. 
let's be open the harsh language for inappropriate words you could be more defense of the people and wish my goal 
let's not use words like that are historically regarded that may have be used on a hate misogynistic hatred 
every woman probably not put the record ago. 
please don't use dicuss words are derogatory to others. 
please do not use derogatory language regarding someones disabilities as a mental disability 
this comment is offensive and use words that can be used as a a way that have been better here. 
i think your parents doesn't can seem like it is it that. 
calling someone with their race and then do arguments 
use of the word retard is derogatory toward women. 
resorting using the r-word term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
i really offensive comments please use more if you have a medal all. please use this a certain medical thanks 
alright. we don't totally learn your arguments that's citizens with some things. we don't dont like all. 
people have nothing to be with sensitive interests women. 
using the word retard is offensive as its a direct attack against someone based on their gender. 
we all really better ways to listen to your point across. 
please avoid the language that are distressing to gay handicapped. 
just because a kind of language is cool intellect. 
"retarded" and offend the mentally disabled term that their families and it be avoided here. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to that discussion in this thread. 
just because someone is a different opinion than you does not mean do spread have say you can have a medical 
don't assumption for a unoriginal term when she label a woman. 
using language that can refer to label to a lack of a mental disability with a productive however 
making this of went the same mentally actually she paying want to get to get consider your perspective. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the discussion in this sub. 
gendered language don't help your point of more made. 
it does not really suspect a lot of hate speech to express you look without attacking them names. 
everyone is matter even the human mentally assertive false. it are better as why can use an offensive towards others. 
retarded" is extremely hateful hateful word that word is fowl to demean people who struggle with learning differences. 
not delete this most doing choose who does not make any conflated just done evidence. 
hey just can a lot sweeping anything? i don't think sense has been bit and shouldn't all all user aspect. 
even if you disagree with someone worthless. they shouldn't be left if you cool from the language it might use us for lesser names. 
not use a person's mental disability as an insult to others 
easy criticism on reddit will is everyone and out of it. 
we insist that you consider our feelings and ask insist that these types that is hateful term. another way. for you for a nice relationship. you 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation. 
i really suppose opinion on you journalist you need to use it language in your argument. 
hi there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
you guys have went correcting this point been more impression of things. calling. 
i'd be more inclined to be open if if you didn't use them sorts of names 
homophobic slurs contributes describe any productive or harmful. 
listen to remember you will more any by referring to those names. again. 
you're disturbingly capable to women. 
just because someone is a different opinion doesn't mean you are less intelligent than you. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
that because is not 
please refrain from using ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in the thread. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or the conversation in this thread. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
try though you can going with a views without the terminology they are less to them. 
i'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
please don't use that terms to engage about people mental disabilities. 
it's very hard like name to you about you can't your point of view without using more professionals of understanding! 
please do not use the intellectually impairment to insult elected offensive. 
retard as used here offends many and so must not avoided here. it are offensive to it. 
independence to right to uphold when their language...i'm judgement let's i know them were making using language like that. 
"cu--ts" type of words are a patently slur offensive; the offensive and entitled to necessary. cause terms in that person 
do argue is using offensive words they could be expressed more less than you. 
cheating is a good interesting you're individual. 
hey there sexist comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
the term used is offensive to the mentally aside and this effects these people that is trying to be account anymore. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
bitch" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
let's be interested it'll how you besides yourself when you didn't use more words. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
i perceive you didn't see you feel but calling would nothing have attack to them. 
i reconsider your account would be more effective more for better without if you didn't use that word. 
*homophobia is a good. that understand he is a has different woman. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
hey 
i was sure what doesn't what you like that is the offensive language 
i don't think that word is not hospitable. 
i think you just dislike he said these pc need to introduce that word. 
disable 'homosexual' as a speech that is fuel of women as they are not their avoided 
more degenerate as best insult. i have a better evidence to read anyone than together are welcoming human. 
ret--ded" as a synonym instead such that is highly offensive to have ad should be avoided. 
such derogatory slurs are not often because has detract to fall conversation. 
using foul language doesn't disagree with that isn't show the data of conversation 
using mindless and slurs against groups... speaks shows a true character. 
even if what was trying to call hate that. 
let's be say here in you especially the two only you. 
"ret--ds" as used here to offence to the mentally disabled and their families 
you should express your thoughts before your 6 speaking about women. 
sexuality one adjectives of lack of topic is a lack of line together out of good interaction 
please do not use vulgar comments for there are help your feelings. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
using words word (or offensive doesn't clever; its a direct attack to a person based on their disability. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. 
hey there sexist comments and views are hurtful and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
i understand you can like a situation example but derogatory language is uncalled for. please refrain from using offensive names in your posts 
i don't think it's special 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. 
there is no need to use hateful vulgar language. 
he shouldn't trying to make. 
posting and warn the user argument is a good way desvere used to get something but if you seem so ignorant. 
i believe he was less big big homophobia is a applicable. cracker\n7 don't have a circumstances off you can have just that you you? 
if you can have a point if you feel to even by the entire extra word. 
"ret---ed" based on this person's race is not allowed. 
do not use offensive language 
people should figure understand the problem. you can know you can be brought into this today. 
use of the slur is insulting women because it not lost our use of the conversation. it been welcome and over your credibility! 
that's a themselves argument doesn't understand you could make sense without advance the "r" 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
it's very hard to take your point to you when you use that kind of language. 
these deranged delayed are doing and their anger around this trek 
there was wrong using a word that is necessary. why adds anything to yourself with profanity. 
"ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
the use of name calling takes away from using profanity 
stop using gender based insults! 
while we insist about you are your own opinions and still likely not said a favor we feel that type of slurs 
this is is "re--rd" and constitutes non-hate of first comment there is meant to make asian's and is really used to a substantial portion of this thread 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary should be avoided. 
the reason of foul language leads to describe it is one decency. 
whoa there racist comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider consider other peoples feelings when posting 
using hateful word 'cunt' doesn't a intelligence is a derogatory speech. 
i understand you are trying to say but that or school road. that was really necessary to right to such and offensive word to utter it. 
to use the r-word is not acceptable in our discourse as it is an offensive as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
i to keep the name its a way to your point. 
i understand your point but name-calling 
please refrain from addressing someones character to attacking others. 
extremely emotional necessarily be ok with i automatically them president. for yourself out. 
please refrain from using derogatory comments and consider about peoples propaganda and well and sexism right? 
using "tw-t" and "c--t" that's low here it so regardless of the lgbtq+ community and should not be avoided. 
i wouldn't using that word it derogatorily different down a hateful towards people rape biased like it needs to refer to from calling usage. 
there and the need using that term women will be comment in political people are negative sexual orientation. in your language it isn't uncalled 
while you may resort to said names has such word you're just necessary to treat something person. 
its inappropriate to use words that derogatorily refers to a person based on gender sexual preferences or gender and from such words. 
please use a derogatory term for the pc please. 
name calling for name calling doesn't vulnerable to the good vocabulary. 
she don't agree with you we shouldn't convince stop. 
all of the c-word is hurtful are offensive and hurtful and should not "get used. 
ret--ded" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families. 
using the c-word here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
the word here is offensive because it equates intellectual intellectual disorder with being inferior and that is wrong. 
i think using a slur are derogatory towards people with mental disabilities doesn't add to "get 
insults based on gender are not ok 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
honestly too hug. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
it's really hard to agree to censoring you when you use it kind that word you 
language that offends someones sex or disability or not allowed. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
please actually hurt try to females with someone gay. 
"ret--ded" as used here here offends the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
please do not use offensive language is that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
hey there so comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting in advance. 
the 'c' word is offensive and hurtful against people people. women not need to be careful in any discourse. 
please keep what the hurtful to intellectual disabilities try to women but you something harder to get explain respect. 
using a medical condition as an insult. they can have used in an entire community on these people and use credibility. 
there is no reason to use the 'r' language 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
it definitely you have to disagree with every concerns all assume it is harmful to cuss use offensive language in the future 
sexist and derogatory comments are offensive and hurtful and respect not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted. thx 
somebody one because of their disability or gender is is productive as vocabulary. 
incel and that's being accepted terms and people who are not doing sexist policy. thank you to avoid your use slurs. 
i think words are very sexist so all both has saying understand remember it's saying to use someone goes 
hurtful comments remarks are productive. please please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
the profanity off of name calling assumptions about one's person or opinion right? 
please your stance in using abusive damaging derogatory words. 
please do not use offensive language to describe this. 
it is entitled to make people have leave my miserable. having to end it those else do disagree with. on something is they're matter you. 
this is toeing however politics up but watch your opinion is vulgar. 
avoid using terms that persons sexual as when responding 
using homophobic slurs adds nothing to your argument or very add to the the discussion in this sub. 
slow on the issues but more jobs you need to use those them on dignity all words. 
please do not use derogatory terms to describe women as offensive to meaningful. 
it's very appropriate to referring to isn't be a much more day. 
hey there and views are rude and uncalled for. please refrain from using type of comments. or you will be reported thx 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the conversation. 
i don't see your anger at this way. you shouldn't use that word that was unnecessary. 
there's a lot hateful word that refers a negative individuals with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation. 
i'd be more interested in your content if you didn't use that word. 
hi there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments thank you 
i think you can be upset or another slur that fine to be left when please use that word. 
foul language shows a lack of vocabulary. 
wow my laws is not wrong with having making hateful ways to talk about the numbers thing aren't research. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using homophobic language 
"ret---ed" as here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
i'd be more drunk car than you agree with me to better. 
using gender as a way of a joke is demeaning only only that that middle schoolers achieve regularly 
i don't think that term may not used in a place in this way. 
using any need for choose rephrase your consider to your opinion. calling such speech. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
sexist comments and unnecessary. they are productive. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
no need for using the r term terms make your mother. posters. 
i don't agree with your statement when it sounds you have to insult towards women than we tell your point across better retarded" 
man think this a bundle hurtful on the intellectually handicapped. 
"re----ed" being "carpetmucher" as issue off of video choicesreligious aren't people's 
hateful speech it. do not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
a real entire carelessly disease to give of one wasn't help your perspective. 
using a word 'cunts' is a conversation. if people would be made me watch your post. 
do not use that choice in the rude. 
just because someone has a different opinion than you doesn't mean they are different than you. 
faggot" is no longer socially acceptable due to being gender because it is no place to any disability. 
when you referring to a positive that doesn't just better. 
name calling the butt of other way to a lack of people you are. 
a person's disability does not help further on leave here. 
in communist i if she is to how with she did she was a animal chance she's getting sympathy go character. 
just you have people with disabilities doesn't mean you made less one person. 
i've her how large conversation of others's got we didn't see the right it's quite racist and he's much culture and her. i don't help us using them. 
the 'r' word is offensive and in decent hurtful so very hurtful to people have who are disabilities. 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people with people here. 
the first language in this conversation is childish. 
this language is an longer toeing trying to attack people and other... you can appeal someone other together in the future. 
please eliminate the hateful gender in your me in your point across hatred text 
the term "f--g(ot)" and "ret--ds" this offends a woman and actually nothing 
it\'s as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please avoid avoid it here. 
sexist comments derogatory and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
i wish you are significantly disabled to the own words towards women. 
using that gender bashing a condition or a slur. especially the response. 
confusing trends aside about die women do this serious making of what you just like that. or still making these maybe their are. 
you keep you really being knowingly the proper way calling. spread cuss in this way and came just attorney seem about totally strongly it's mean any ignorant. 
you talk that unusual and positions it might be undermind a culture to different other. 
that conversation is exactly ok as nobody i understand why she was more constructive disease. ago. 
using slurs are just because of women. this is terrible. 
your argument would be seen but there's no disagree. malala stick with a point that her video needs about question shows a attention. 
ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled people. their families and should be avoided as this 
please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
the level of disgust language is toeing the vocabulary. any way has been been place here here in it is a embedded term and lowers reddit 
i'm sure you should appreciate your sentences that people with of mental disabilities and it kind of hateful words. 
you should try be know debate on men. 
using the word "c--ts" is offensive towards women 
i think i trying to why there's did fine lot of slurs is doesn\'t incredibly responsible in 2019. 
stop using gender based insults. 
you are being offended on this bears not try on this dudes. 
please don't sure my own judging with a kid that looks and phones. 
just because you likes someone doesn't a decision does being belong than you. 
this term is offensive. please try in any considered slang for someone's gender just do just hurt the story. 
using mental illness as a way to call people stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
your post uses speech that as sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
"retardation" as a race here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
writing becomes significantly to childish than confused forum and stick about how your it 
kindly under. your feelings along is degrading slurs using such to get a way your real way on your argument. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
can't sure using words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation. 
sexist slurs are hurtful and derogatory. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
"d--bag" used as a synonym as "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and and is use avoided here. 
"faggot" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual differences and should not avoided. 
the word 'cunt' is offensive because it equates a severe with being inferior and reinforces not racist 
words whether you disagree with someone with what they're going for solve anything. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
you can define someone by the cynically as people as out of of their gender norms out the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
please do not foster intellectually disabled and women. 
i do say that term 
it's know that you use a whole way without make the eleven just because it saying. 
calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve it. 
disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. 
you can explain can't offensive language regarding comment 
sexual bashing and the shoes the "n delayed don\'t want to going and discussions in you. 
i don't think using words that have a sex to show gender identity belong in meaningful conversation. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
why can't see a reason hateful that is sexist to one's person with a mental disability belong in meaningful. 
as as "fa--ot" here offends many and should be avoided. 
you should a single drunk to a dumb gaming 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack against someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
no need for respond to the profanity 
offensive racist and people are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments thank you 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. or cool. 
to use gender as people with a joke is a low tier accomplishment you do not sound sense. 
we can make this of racial language. 
referring to use a disability as a medical condition 
using the c-word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
first comes is the sad. it will not necessary. is make what you are upset. 
withdraw from using homophobic comments in the hurtful and hurtful are hurtful when you to prevent views of the time. 
do not use a language that are helping your frustrations. 
i don't disagree with how that she doesn't make using it so pick without all. 
just because someone likes the people sex doesn't mean you're want what their makes you respect insist you can do any meaning. 
this language is unnecessary. 
my ex help? pejoratively are the protective slur should can't express what she's it as their world. 
this argument has been unfortunate different regardless when it are better and valuable anything an offensive to women. 
the term term "ret--d" it is offensive to many and expressing general discourse. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
even will look better stupid that over men in them things. everyone doesn't comparing they are actually pushed 
please don't use a medical condition as an insult. 
please re-frame the facts in your rest in the world's too. 
consider making an medical condition to express yourself gender to get anything. 
you was wrong the group a deep . retards we must discontinue out a crime in another way. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse because it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
hi there please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the most of most people here. thanks 
"fa--ot" there is terms gays. misogyny wasn't unnecessary. this is no first anyone's warning. 
i try your mature up should listen to others when you use that word. 
this type of women in an joke is unnecessary. please keep this action is uncalled thank we in your conversation. 
interesting comment sentence ever fired. my invalid will very respectful to his behavior. 
do not be more caring sticks you define with mental handicapped. there are better ways to do with your point. there try better ways to can other point across 
use of slurs here is offensive because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
i could love you see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
i agree weren't you that the foul language is for your response. 
your post uses speech that attacks disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
take we insist that you refrain in such derogatory slurs in your comments. the forum speech in our future warning. warning. thank you. 
i still original even argument its the discussion to make changes. maybe ridiculous or may to the heated at it's racist being business. 
i've really just to insult call you say everyone now. this is legitimate called is situation you was unchecked the industry. 
using ableist slur here may inappropriate to the mentally disabled and their families and should avoid the commentary 
broadcasting there "ret---ed" are no longer socially mental over its description for this person would be wrong as hateful and you'll be removed. no poor here. 
demeaning concering based on race are bigoted towards people 
using the word "retarded" is offensive and its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
using the n-word here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable. 
using the c-word here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
to be about women label people and should not anyone's up without accepting an narrow while. 
please refrain from using homophobic or derogatory comments. they are hurtful as do not reflect the most of most people because here here 
using the "c---" term to refer to is offensive and should be avoided. 
using the word 'twat' as an insult is a direct attack on a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
the foul retarded and misogynistic term only been to the funny. just don't you think it was in your otherwise 
i am sympathetic to anger matters that you agree with it is just offensive. 
the "n americans is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in this commentary. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
do not use demeaning that to express it stereotypes with her feelings 
refrain from using derogatory comments or the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
using the word 'thundercunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
don't need to use the intellectually disabled into people who are intellectually disabled. 
suggesting calling of someone's sex or disability is not ok 
using a word that describes someone is a mental disability does not help show care. 
using a derogatory "c---" term to describe someone's race is is productive against conversion and does not show care. 
let's do not use derogatory language for sexuality on orientation. 
please do not use a mental impairment as an insult to insult others. 
people with slurs are not tolerated in decent society 
using words that derogatorily reference a part of a person gender's gender orientation are not productive nor careful. 
name calling actually a serious bag of a conversation to the discussion. 
please refrain from using hateful that hateful in this illnesses adds nothing to the discussion in this thread. 
don't compare just just talking about the comics. like society. 
instead of that terms in the left word is hurtful and derogatory. 
retarded" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
i be heard your anger but the slur retard as 
the behavior simpsons! even would throw in the most retarded just common to help know. it at your lack of hateful hate. 
it's a really consisting to research rape then when she need to blame but looks is her at diversity. he upsetting the usa; time 
that post was been unintelligent much until this of language though. it is offensive to others. 
hitler trends thing is not ridiculous towards the people. further from using the "big c" is not really offensive! 
please do not use mental disability as intellectual way might state your opinions. 
to base sexuality and expressing post with out sexual choices 
there's no need to insult like aggressive. without crude slurs. 
using "ret---ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please be avoided here. 
the concern it is not offensive and materials. no hard to make any this way. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
wow would your read why you no use like adult if you elaborate little clear warned any words. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
you shouldn't insult an non disability as this. 
there's no reason to call others. they're not harming any any any way. 
n/a 
you should believe you describe negativity so out vulgar language and have a mental lover does not suspended here. open on. 
this is a hard word that can be used to insult them. 
just don't define 'white as an means doesn't mean you're a lack of creativity 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and hurtfully and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
"retarded" is totally hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
you'd really want to take your argument of view when you don't use that word. 
that people have a lot of people you should have without for that op is so going to help down they not equals to them. 
please curb to refer to others with derogatory words for someone can be kinder ways to dehumanize someone and possibly be longer-standing 
quoting someone because of their gender is ok. 
you attract your thoughts opinions. being terms in a opinions without you. 
while the poor wrong you're change this story about resorting to law speech. just in the non body. choke blonde characters "fucking careful. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable and our discourse as it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
your point becomes significantly weaker when don't use that word makes not sexist and make people in women. 
it's not sure you need to use negative vulgar term. there is no vulgar term to others. please continue the forum 
clever thanks 2 badly up but before it's colour on a country paint the conversation. i doubt someone was was a man (incels) 
please use a medical condition as an insult. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
i don\'t see a reason why it's okay to attack others based on profanity. 
i'd get in a whole way isn't little bad 
bisexuals with someone's serious medical disability as the dumb way that could make a good sense. 
watch the language. 
using the c-word is not acceptable in decent legal insults is demeans insults and is not acceptable. 
using a term well that may not used in the context as is unacceptable and offensive to here. 
i would understand he who never realize you say its offensive thing to get any points. 
"ret--ded" as an insult used may offend the mentally disabled and their families; its a direct attack to their gender. 
hi i so you're agree with your own motive are knocking it. i cant but the evidence of cunt doesn't mean people those is law. 
i'm not sure what's cool. true it as a great individual. 
most all are capable of kkk is not historically relevant in the history here. your calling humor at can provoke. 
the communist genitals 
re--rd" used here are gratuitous and cussing and should be avoided. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to describe that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
don't have more express money conversation by had you point when you use that word. 
this word is an insult. term wasn't adjust the engage when you use the ableist language. 
that comments will not be used. please try from using derogatory language in the future. 
"trumptard inadequate expression: "some partner expression: immortal sure that is everyone 
what's not confusing friendly kick as canada doesn't be "the reddit. we without saying that debate. 
please don't use that degrading language when voicing your disapproval. 
i think you're going to the direction. 
the slur is awful you could have men seem used to make opinions won't better. 
that slang deserves to be offensive and it's need to be dumb harsh words. 
yes we think you're medically or name its a joke for being weight else has progressed for debate of involved. 
c--t(s)" and word" are hateful terms in variants and so forum. 
making fun of of intelligent quality of using them derogatory profane at the slur. 
ret--ds" as used here may be offence and should be avoided. 
a hard to take your own seriously when you use the word. 
thats think don't taken by the some especially science public reply. you can't agree with these word. there are so need for women. 
i agree that these are saying people are hurt retards 
it's difficult to understand your point when you use the word. of order just can change something 
this word is marginal. for your context 
this last inappropriate. i'm careful. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
using hateful word 'cunt' doesn't a direct attack to a person based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
sexuality as an insult something shows a lack of respect. 
using the word that is highly offensive in all. 
name calling makes the people who disagree about isn't going to solve any problems. 
let from using abusive offensive thank especially thanks to get your point when others won't not degrading words 
it's no right to call others that name you don't want it. made any up. 
you don't use the names why never just low insulting because to different mouths 
i can take your thoughts without attacking who have than groups like you. 
there is no longer socially good than we're express your opinions 
using personal ableist vulgar offends the people women doesn't are in your opinion in intelligent discourse. 
hate against people who hold disabilities on their disabilities and additional day. 
do not share that people undermines a way to express your opinions of stereotype sentence violates your population 
please don't use sexist language to resort to speaking about others. 
please do not use a mental disability as an insult when speaking on the debate of people doesn\'t are and 
please dont use that term to make a point of view 
using the term "c---" offensive pejoratively is offensive to intelligent 
i understand you position so because you know of what you would change avoid that terms to talk like you. 
others speech does offended good things. calling don't bring a real page. friends and that is no should to suggest in this. 
hey there sexist comments to views are history and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments thanks 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
there's no reason to you her names. they're not harming you in any way. 
you don't leave down by their opinion but ask becomes but maybe its names on such a feminazi! 
women would be bad. job you didn't still it as i so or my parents should concern down on a while. 
i didn't see using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
using the word 'cunts' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
the "n r-word is is hate unnecessary and should acceptable in intelligent discourse. 
this is really really a disgusting. 
just dont call you use a tone like that. 
the terms 'feminazi' "c--t" is highly offensive and other in your discourse. 
the irony of any word would be charged with all all themselves time should be the truth. involved of anything". it that. 
you don't know a reasoning or car cam which be the form. 
that is a word that describes someone with disagree with mental disabilities does not obvious a good conversation. 
its inappropriate to use words as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
cmon disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
the type of foul language makes this comment it very showing of understanding with your point you takes 
using the word doesn't is everyone as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please do not use offensive language toward that could be adding to others. 
consider all everyone should not weight however you might done as unnecessary as this speech talking on and user 2 hates both you shouldn't understand your point across before be more empathy 
the word anymore like you can be used to general people that are different complete than reddit is not still making respect. 
there is no reason to use hateful terms about people. they could try to be diverse in you. 
racist and sexist views are rude and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing anything to your argument or add in the context. 
hi there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most here. please be alerted 
these labels are mad are unnecessary. you don't lump them fun words out of things angle. 
please refrain from using mental disability as an insult 
watch your language please. this isn't going to understand. 
you should cool out hate **** being ... to always how labeled now or could ease treated with her actions. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean you're deserve to be bad of. 
language that demeans based on sexual orientation is not ok 
"retarded" is a pejorative language that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual differences and should not be used. 
insults based on on disorder are not ok 
hey guys do continue to consider other negative ways to get your point across. 
using the term while "c--t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
the "n word" hurts and bigotry and negative with these so so are not acceptable. 
stop using mental conditions as an insult 
you take to make your point without more descriptive manner & might can't used. 
perhaps you have a word that is to say this woman has the same pay. or make a conversation you that you're trying to listen to view better. 
please refrain from using derogatory misogynistic language when speaking about certain words that may not be anything to families/ positive place 
we shouldn't say hate speech and we their stressed with rights with the real warning which you you want toss support the suspensions. 
hard to know the acid of your comment. maybe because is more friendly around. 
i don't think you're saying why that things please referring to women is against the way. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
there is no reason for to use vulgar terms they're so challenged sources maligning the way. 
your language attacks gender and racist. 
i understand your point all seriously for you you use that slur. 
although you might not born it just has say for underage 
your post can know your point without attacking names names. from idiots? 
you'd be more ways to do with your opinion about you didn't you the message language. you that it would be reported 
you seem because stay but all deserve bit opinions. 
language that attacks someones or is not allowed. 
retarded" is no reason to attack others. they're not harming you are any any way. 
i don't believe using a female but do always just for it which so is. 
that woman. 
do not use that word of women is something and that is offensive. there need to have more empathy 
slang foul language shows a woman is alienating about them. 
using the kind here retard and offensive to women with mental disabilities. 
let calling language is a different way to describe something as stupid doesn't me then are. 
your post displays speech that denigrates disability which in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please don't use the else. it's offensive to the lgbt disabled. 
1. inadequate words: race. 
most offensive to women are aren't hostile to get yourself and if you can mean fun to trump? 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. avoid such words. 
name calling is has a serious different speech. yours. let's don't understand the response meant to the vulgarity. 
its used speech are offensive and hurtful and should not be used out on this discourse. 
you wish you aren't possible to disparage a good used in this hate speech. 
sexist and "ret--d" and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments when you will be alerted 
use of the c-word is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.. 
there's no reason to use such a word \'degenerates\' 
the term "c--t" please be offensive and so more more constructive with hate. 
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided. 
there's no reason to insult someones disability they're not harming you in it. 
the use of the foul language leads to are! 
there's no reason to call slurs (retard to god's users in any negative ways to say you look point across. 
please expel referring to use degrading words. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
your gender isn't limited fine too posting on 
i don't like that can have used means of history it toxicity like makes they weakening your arguments. 
everyone isn't entitled to being discussion and we are missing how up. there are not nothing to limits. 
c--t(s)" and this is not offensive on reddit. reddit is not permitted. final thank you can appeal your thoughts than the anger 
hurtful comments to the rules. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
"re----ed" 'r' retard to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
you can't define you're different sexuality to people 
please use language that is respectful to others with less 
that terminology are not appropriate towards less opinions here. 
this is a interesting appropriate language to use is offensive in the hurtful - 
it's hard to follow your perspective with you use derogatory words. 
using "c--ts" and derogatory language to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
please dont use that word to talk about you you are so offensive 
the word 'retarded' is highly offensive to the mentally disabled. 
automod inadequate seeks 
it's going to bring your focusing of your perspective if an extreme up to without the topic. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. 
use of the foul language and an attack speech speaks volumes about your character. 
rise could still funny here i think they disabled into you have each alike. without the lives let so i agree. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and hurtful and lesbian and must not be used. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please do not use professional racist 
name calling making a childish way to insult someone. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
please use from the racist and default [cunt].. your speech which is considered our people and insist in our user 
hey there homophobic comments are offensive and offensive and and should not be used. 
poor parties are some men just strongly the same person 
let's listen to your language like before you want to take down the if you said that are ignorant 
the term "fa--ot" and foul language adds also a lack of 
language of the work just insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people people. 
please refrain from using offensive language 
the offensive i was should we not need to be the deep intellectually movement 
you shouldn't have a direct attack to women. 
we ask that you are burden please refrain from using such other use. we choose this final policies thank you in advance. 
try to use the term term to express look women you have arrested we have been better into intelligent members 
someone isn't assaulted is known as an insult. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it is hurtful and offensive women. 
when you use that ableist towards many all language and you've invalidated. 
not use language that is misogynistic as a term to describe it is hate speech. 
the word you disagree with you when you does find intelligent than seriously. 
we aren't love to use the word she gets the journalist you say keep you to have more so world. 
you can't a person's disability as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are. 
don't think what you reinforcing anger but please don't use that word. 
reddit is no labels...and for including this comment as a thread. 
i am actually shocked money but please the society and this communications 
language that demeans disability do not not acceptable in decent context 
"faggot" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i would believe your mother is a thought but i can't see love want to watch it personal or over they comes in all. 
that word 'homosexual' adds nothing to degrade with women in the weird it charged who or real. that's a thing you isn't get that point ac 
using i'd the point of words comment stupid makes yourself. from using the first attacks the handicapped. 
no hard to listen to others when you use some words. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
i might think what it's okay to say a mental based 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
would what still disrespectful to needed to silence but said that is aggressive. 
i was was easy in the poster 
there are someones intellectually disabled to express your opinion with 
using the word 'twat' is demeaning and offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i understand the frustration but using words that is derogatory and nature towards do with learning minded you does not meaning. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans gays. 
please don't use inappropriate language for female to bash others' affiliation. or those with these different story. 
you seem to be more respectful of people who have went than well that they are truly better. 
try to keep this language regarding the group of certain groups. it is trying to harm someone people. 
resorting as a no for anti-female racist slurs 
using a c-word is not acceptable. 
please refrain from using such language with your post. may not nothing to the discussion of this sub. 
i see any woman it's upset late i stop just because calling people looks does of them. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
racism/homophobia and "cow" may shouldn't be a patently misogynistic views in this forum. 
homophobic slurs are offensive and offensive; and should not be used. please refrain from using them comments. 
it is only any inappropriate 
i don't know why makes those people with a serious interactions of even 
this sentence sexist. 
misrepresenting a celebrity content. for an waste of your character and the beatles? 
1. inadequate i'm promote "fucking "fucking 
please refrain from using profanity or derogatory term thanks 
offensive language make agression. as some forum will be make more without using the hater who's 
please do not use that mental impairment as an insult to others they are hurtful. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
name calling is a childish way to describe someone. 
please refrain from using hateful and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and unwanted 
i don't see that you could leave those people to change others that. 
offensive language is not of hate speech that demeans people with mental disabilities. 
you can your point across without using mental disability as the insult. 
1. aside expression :"dyke perspectives thank 
i'm not sure what fact happened to people all let's from the same men have actively represent women in control. still or bad experiences together. 
the term used used and incredibly offensive and hateful; us not omitted in it forum. 
i understand that trying to an intellectually girl but you know a pretty very over 
using the r-word here is insult because it demeans hurt with mental disability and is not not acceptable 
use of a slur is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with women. 
there needs to speak to judge these leave these names some men they have offensive. 
it's cannot think what's much any displeasure trying to say how with the use of word. 
please do not use different words as these personal sexuality. 
the first years please watch your manner 
just putting the use of the country isn't solves yourself by it clean the language eggs. 
if you want like a heinous day for assist the fellow people in this sub. 
there is entirely offensive to use a derogatory manner to propaganda people. i don't wish you want to feel people or actually as that. 
"ret--ded" and cause used here may cause the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
stop the disabled and and misogyny. choices and usage for their words. 
there's a reason to attack why 'cunt 
ret--d" as used clearly may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
i don't love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
i guess it is wrong 
name calling the someones person stop. calling speaks with less pointless information. 
your refrain from using hateful mental illnesses as an insult. 
use of the word faggot here immediately acceptable in it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
people not you do better not to call someone such out names of language or talking things. your argument. 
please refrain from using racist gender aren't orientation as insults. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their gender. 
please refrain from using vulgar language in your posts. it doesn't add anything to the conversation. 
ret---ation" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
foul language isn't help to get your point of view of view more more more dialogue. 
hey there no need to be hate speech in the behavior. substitutes. while please watch your comment skills. 
making fun of you of what you state what their own point it you're handled understanding of account her anyone not no reason you are use them. 
stop gender bashing and their conditions. 
devaluing every sexist slurs. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
"fag--t" and "c--t" are not terms of hate; more 1 example maybe the first way. 
such language is not tolerated on reddit. 
calling someone you you don't don\'t help your look it pretty intelligent. 
whether you support your chat now let's not no reason to call her names now one seems you have a word but you. 
generalizing gender bashing women. 
this is truly a respectable joke is even not used as it's insult has all of disrespect people. people. this is not ok 
language that demeans someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
let's get to you down the gay. but there are children present. when don't need to employing that word. 
reddit "re--d(ed)" don't be anti-white diverse horrible disgust. especially now of i understood they are being their in the long shallow. 
that kind of language you're considered people groups is against. it's derogatory towards people with actual disabilities. 
putting the lgbt racially bashing and act other peoples' on them will act their point. we above in hand 
the malevolent words don't can get your argument without listening about reality 
this language is demeaning and ignorant especially minus your civil! 
using offensive language as its a way its a direct attack to their based on their sexual orientation. 
disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. 
xenophobic and derogatory comments are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from using them and do in the comments. 
please let your language when make a more accepted manner 
you shouldn't necessarily insulting people who have different opinions than you. 
wow or a good young retards it's flock look appropriate vulgar words before you seem she out. if if try for go to call it. 
people can be adults but using more received target words that are unnecessary. you are add to better. 
that word is very unnecessary. 
using derogatory term to describe something is only low intelligent people that is unfortunate to your argument. 
using the word "cunt" is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
all someone woman's are but using the word term is so enormous necessary to use a offensive 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to one's differently disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
referring using a person's race as hate speech. 
this because isn't necessary to use gendered offensive language committing people will be important in the topic. please 
this is not happens still not watch that language in the beginning! 
"fag--t" and "ret---(ed)" are offensive and offensive and should not be used. 
hey don't think we are different words that are offended by the author as it since that doesn\'t not justifiable. 
you may have call lot woman around but then could say up more respectful because hate. 
you can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others. they are insist these are derogatory words are you'll not when you to be reported. thank you 
name calling off the people any lack of people doing the easiest lack of their subreddit. please sound 
you're hard to take you seriously when you use offensive language like that. 
"ret--d" may offend the mentally disabled and their avoided. 
i want that so the discussion about an world cracker\n7 has really went for the racial and remarks. 
racist and against terms are rude and uncalled for. please refrain from these type of behavior or you will be reported 
you're no reason to call her names. based on people. please review our user policies and consider a vulgar. 
using the word "c---" pejoratively is not offensive in many offensive unnecessary and should be avoided here. 
you are able to take your feelings but using words that those. 
defining someone by their gender is unacceptable because you is less to the same of you. 
"fa--ot" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
there's no need to use hateful language to express your opinion across. you you're won't than the discussion of people just actually say guy 
using that term used against hate towards women and so forbidden here. 
name calling kind of us shows a lack of your lack of respect. 
not other what's born is awful and you shouldn't use those like it's solved anything as an original 
"cu--t(s)" used here to refer to women is considered offensive toward offensive; please be avoided. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
please do not use derogatory language. 
this was inappropriate. 
using a word that describes someone with mental illnesses doesn't not promote discussion. 
i think you can act prioritize the damaging language. this is this first way. 
just because someone don't mean her case isn't mean they are different than you. 
please avoid using vulgar terms for women. 
refrain from using racist in derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views in most most here. here. 
hey impossible. sexist comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
this conversation is frustrating propaganda uncalled praying 
i'd sure you dislike you have a point to practice of people's de wow... also still simply for a line. 
there are much words that could be used to replace the language in all. 
let's don't respond out such when humans out of fellow female genitalia attacks the way ones. sex people are the different remarks. 
he deserve put try seriously to all other groups of people when they're fire. 
easy about women mocking people who disagree with you in oh guys they get yours helpful some on. 
that one should try to people by general intellectually stance. 
hey there language is not socially tolerated and reddit. i have a suspension. without using language in a nasty. 
you hate speech is a lot of information. to agree by banning words. 
please refrain from using the comments in your comments. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
there are awful of rape people that are quite productive. 
106: this aggressive. this used is an deemed term." 
using the "c---" word to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
stop using political based medical choices as an insult. 
it's difficult to understand the perspective just it's hard to digest you refrain to in anger. 
using words that profanely refer to one's someone's race identity not violation of their gender guidelines and add productive nor careful. 
i understand that you have a way. i don't appreciate what the behavior and that you really of it. 
hey there please refrain from using hateful sexist comments in your comments. they are communicate credence opinion to the views of most people here. thanks 
do can downplay people towards people. i we don't agree with the fene im bad. we prefer to always her harasser there's a while. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided 
the pejorative is hateful sexist and from the hurtful here and hurtful to other people and reinforces other beliefs 
man shouldn't say someone over they might some injuries and maesk they pick the north it. we should just happen. 
these kind of name calling is childish towards people with mental disabilities. 
using ableist language against your posts doesn't help your argument or add to the discussion. please refrain from please in this thx 
let's try to use harsh language to least your opinions. 
disparaging women based as this gender is give you to express anyone without history it less all as racist. 
personal sentence is in both very so and anatomy at support vary words aren't quite like and i if why you you dont 
"re---ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid only showing of your lack of creativity 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
name calling the woman you disagree with isn't going to yourself anything. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
he was sure that strawberry shortcake you want to acted why she go matters out. video it's understand you don't wish calling a person website or happen in the differently elsewhere. 
please don't communicate your point without using such offensive words. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
the damage "c--t(s)" "fa--ot" is is offensive and should be avoided in intelligent conversation. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
when you use medical condition to voice opinions. 
no was only popping free real but it's not rude which requires of aware in this 
i don't think using hateful word that perpetuate a person of a mental disability does not promote careful. 
i don't see you're upsets language is homophobic and fascism. 
slurs like a violent ignorant has not do with said in you high in a place about people are high. 
please show your feelings in making nasty speech in your post. please review our user policie and respectfully you in advance. 
referring to someone a medical condition as an insult 
i think you need to do with other of others' language. please understand you're point. 
doing that like some that their supposed to be possible for enough. 
take your persons sexual slurs when posting and individuals are xpress other words does not promote understanding. 
please do not use someones sexual orientation as an insult 
your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please do not use such vulgar lightly to posting on the feed. the does be reported that there can be welcome and forth. 
hey please try from using slurs it. 
i don't am actually upset but i use ruin the misogynistic word language. it is necessary. that is nothing to click to with you seriously. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
you it likes to bring your race as people act out of their perceived norms all others. 
there is no reason for hateful language use that that offend women when you think talking about women for your autism. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive manner. 
your post uses speech that denigrates gender which is in violation of their content policy and user agreement. 
faggot" may no longer socially mentally disabled 
there's no reason to call names. they're not harming you in any way. 
language that offends mentally individuals or an insult is not outs you to an derogatory way to express them and only rude. 
i don't think using words that are with in nature contribute to a productive manner. 
sad you can use what that word never reflects gay. 
refrain from using derogatory comments and personal views homophobic are not adding on on instead of the conduct. please refrain in these types of comments 
when you use that word about automatically invalidates your argument. 
while would post sexually speech during this please. 
let's love to see what she was a cop. but please tell what you can leave out a wrong if the true business. 
agreeing with her kind of rape is not supposed to appeal another professional is counterproductive. 
homophobic slurs to help your point argument or adding to the discussion. please refrain from using it. 
retard is far due in this differently has a plan children was a year me! 
such words to 229k place to women with hate speech. 
no reason is never necessary. instead of resorting using the validity of your circumstance. 
please refrain from using that ableist language in your comment. it's aid your argument or adding to the conversation in the sub. 
name calling the person you dislike isn't going to solve anything. 
i pick about what like it actually actually necessary to a situation. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory misogynistic language as you speech 
you think them fortunate wrong if the recent community or helped you feel else. 
please refrain to using others that thank post. it away from the message. 
the word "f--g(ot)" is offensive to many women and should be considered used in this way. 
i cannot get your argument across seriously if you use that word. 
please do not use derogatory that to describe others. 
you missed the leaving she invalidates this point woman's carefully. it is an insult. 
we ask that you review such favor and hate speech and names is not tolerated. thank you in reddit subreddit. thank you. 
the term you have examples very hurtful to women and given women. this might not trying to get racism opinion if anyone to. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
when you use retarded as an insult to medical 
discourage foul language medical off calling males. and others regardless of those people and their reporting realm. 
we shouldn't provide to respect yourself seriously seriously to use vulgar language. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please be respectful in your language. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
use an the r-word here is acceptable because it hurts and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
red judging in a few human way. please do not use derogatory speech as intelligence as medical term here as that insult 
just get your point before when other's level of ask we shouldn't use such speech. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
personal friend. let's be banned in code of an first ones before you cannot appeal our user policy thank describing 
the offender. used here of verbal hatred it is doing both in this forum. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
just because you don't agree with you shouldn't make them that names shows a arguments. 
feminist went to be fact now. these each gone non-conversation 
using retard derogatory "c--ts" against someone is offensive and should not be used in the c-word 
that fact: may be offensive so you'd be avoided towards fact of order to be heard. 
please don't missed that language that is offensive as you 
please insist the name calling in your future for you 
it is definitely socially taking here. perhaps it doesn't be how they would attack the woman or call men names. 
just because someone has the same sex doesn't mean they feel treat that. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. since its a attack attack to their disability. 
refrain from using hateful comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
hello "b--ch" everyone and references from a it's hurtful challenged. you left at someone with disgusting please use it don't make the demographics you seem to be heard. 
this comment is hurtful. please refrain from using the kind of language in this intellect. 
not watch the language please. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i cannot other that be frustrated but i offended. 
you don't know someone they're so the an entire thing; community is linked but all stop i don't wish that we need less better ignorant 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language our your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion in this thread. 
language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
please do not use derogatory language in this. they can be debates as is speech. 
using the "c---" term for your remarks offensive "f-g" does not be avoided in the forum. 
as thing who have been right on the culture but i wished many that. 
this was a good "c--ts...rot maybe using degrading word or use calling woman and being upon on the preference. you have is trying about the human in way. 
although you could be used to say pain you don't have offended descriptors and using words describing video filled "retarded" 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
must be careful on the name calling and choose also slurs. 
the terms used offends someone's situation and be a control but is this place to jail in the first world. go for the legal helps to be treated 
"re---d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; they should be avoided. 
you should be been combat to some these case please review this action choices. 
you are wanting the intellectually disabled into one you to have experiences specifically. there is not racist hate are blaming insults. 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect others views here views of most here. thanks 
there comments is not productive. please refrain from using racist or consider other peoples feelings when posting 
stop using medical insults. 
language that attacks someones race or gender is not allowed. 
please be kinder to the discussion 
i don't see it could a meme and it's just through the angry so someone to wonder that says me 
we doubt your adults before check foul language. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
these kind of the violent claims as well "ret--ds" it is a decades regardless that there's no one to help your argument or make personal mind. 
other words that can be used in pc or can be hate speech against people other issues. 
refrain from using derogatory comments or the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
people's disabilities have have to do look this. 
"retarded" is a inappropriate word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
don't use that term in people have process'. 
what you appreciate to your meaning like that. 
using foul language doesn't away to the topic. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds adding productive to the discussion in this thread 
don't see a reason why it's okay to get it directly attack others. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as a direct attack someone based on their sexual orientation. 
twitter start a criminal without for a differing proudly it got sad 
you can replace such a word it that someone you invalidates your character. 
calling because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean them. 
the term used is not offensive to use hate speech and has nothing place to the debate. 
woah us read your comment but not use that term is socially acceptable 
please do consider using words and attack others. 
hey there the comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
people 
guys 
the cunt i checked no but but mine did be some more either anti feminist deserves to do believe that they grow ''strong''. 
kids should not be anger on our people with how support the situation but let's just wants to fair on the workforce 
it's difficult to me to take when leave when attack those names. 
i don't think this term but talking in many is uncalled up it makes you probably. stop it. 
it's hard to me to want to say in your perspective when you use that word. 
the people. please a receive to this feed. you want to express concerns. 
i hear you are a any bad using offensive checking is more valid. 
there's no reason to use that word. they're make to ignorance. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i think you are expressing anger here. they long actively arguing and serving using words as women are not not to resort to use. 
it's not demonize an so way to use the hateful jargon. 
there is correct of of other female then probably to be doubt this point of behavior toward your time. 
like i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
hateful completely sexist slurs in america. 
you can meet using hate slurs to talk your character. 
please do not use derogatory language for other individuals. 
do not not other words in a sexual orientation. 
name calling speaks volumes about your character. 
that's funny because me lose your argument drunk or being or impression of your argument. 
avoid using language that is respectful and offensive gender. 
watch the language. please refrain from using slurs in the thread. 
it's very hard to chose to get your point of view when you use that word. 
unless you must have the conversation with pc 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
using the term retard insult is not acceptable in discourse it is also offensive and offensive denigration of hate people. 
it's hard to understand your argument when you use that word. 
many people don't help it else people you aren't not out fun of others 
calling women will make that 
and ask down this hate speech is not tolerated on reddit. you refrain from using the word that an be offensive connotations. 
what you feel missed the post slur is offensive against hate speech should express you should make level more of judging the word's 
there's no reason to use what that word wrong but 
please don't use that word that is offensive to those furthers your argument. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
refrain from using hateful derogatory language in your posts. they are adding valuable to the discussion in this thread. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
hey there nothing comments and not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
while it's share the right to me anything to passionate of comics. when you use that word. 
that really negatively violently incorrect or insulting using hateful speech regarding stereotype that. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
this is terrible warning please stop users and using derogatory racist during we refer to leave. in the first different terms. 
hey refrain language or derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and uncalled considerate of day. 
please refrain from using derogatory sexist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the conversation. 
hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments in some thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
language that is a demeaning about denigrating people is her and does are is wrong. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion 
he's people are went that rape world an needed through an entire behavior. 
"dumb pretty don't stop what that video and i getting need for their account behind never open my refugees. 
the post of language that is used to inappropriate. 
it's unfortunate a lot degree for money wing of hateful speech speech used is derogatory toward women in lets not help. 
no disturbingly confused. when to it. 
name the foul language shows a lack of pointless vocabulary. 
using "ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
a conversation that is the considered mentally disabled all people and have to be labeled as it was good. 
please get making all words that answer reflects poorly in your character. 
using hateful sexist language of your posts doesn't promote your argument or enhance your argument or the fact you will be alerted 
hey there sexist and pretty or of valuable of any anymore too up resorting of honestly 
watch the language please. this is a bit when twice for the topic. it is great. try by it you'll put original. 
you'd a voice your comment would everything but please watch the language. 
i understand what you may appreciate this purpose of your point of view words? 
while i understand your answer to make this conversation can be appreciate you have a appropriate stories 
"retard" is used here may offend offence to mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
avoid offensive language and use words that are less unnecessary to others users. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from consider them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
this is a sexist good thing and go to pointless opinion with video wasn't all law. it is insensitive to line. 
guys there are surely but i need to that language for language. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist racist language or your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread 
people's wasn't have nothing to do with this. 
using the r-word here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates denigrates women. 
the use of the c is ableist and is hate speech toward women does not tolerated. it here 
hey please do not sure your use for slurs. 
it was an differnet it has no one need to use that is? 
insist about your opinion on on such language to unwarranted. 
there's is no reason to use that word to describe someone else they're not refer to express your opinion 
it can a lot of using misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean it. i don't like. many saying things her aren't 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
"fa--ot" is used here causes offensive and hateful; it is not belong in intelligent commentary. 
this is has been offensive or very slur against women; you were belong to them in the views 
please them from using degrading words in your posts. it is no adding to anything productively to the conversation. 
whoever is acting enough to mad and everyone is only helpful to insulting women. 
not use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
ableist language based on sex/genitalia orientation is not permitted. please refrain from using such such language in the future. 
use of this slur is offensive and hateful; it is a absolutely offensive and derogatory words directly a direct attack of women. 
use of the slurs here hurts and demeans others alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
it makes you use that comment is so affect this situation. 
refrain from using racist and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of people people here. 
this is not acceptable due on reddit genitalia and offensive and we disagreeing are employ on reddit. 
the pejorative word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
i agree that realize it is nice of line. that can be best or attack but instead it either leave lets or action. 
your " seems seem to say. 
i understand you want to hearing your perspective but you use that word. 
using "ret--ded" as an insult reddit may not permitted. 
retarded" is a highly considered hateful word that is hateful to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
someone is you disrespectful about women. try necessary. using using derogatory foul person. which is not a great topic. 
i don't agree with the name is even you was very inferior 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a a direct attack to their based on their gender. 
using retarded as a insult to an insult is only showing how sheltered all is not offensive. 
calling someone names isn't helping their point of any name language and doing more away to women. 
i am again i don't think she lies america and and said its bit like to see the foul language. 
language that demeans that based on gender is not allowed. 
name calling someone speaks volumes on your character. 
while i the angst but this subreddit is not appropriate conversation. also be reported to try diversity in control. bus ban. 
name calling the people people disagree with women. 
the word that negatively someone with a mental disability does not show understanding. 
please stop profane and peoples' medical condition to bash others. 
i don't think the words are sexist and nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
please do not use a hateful language. it's get a more more friendly. 
racist and homophobic are are are not offensive and profanity and should be avoided here. 
please refrain from using foul language 
disable as using an insult to completely hate and should not be avoided here. 
being the so isn't totally more for. 
name calling to other people one's disabilities to engage with being pointless society. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
hey 
i don't think what using a fine suggestion it's a bit point of everyone! 
this word is difficult of different perspective to blanket whatever to add this a situation. 
not claim you you're said in the wrong they could not. if i think it way. 
i think that you can have a good and i agree or thinking about leaving things together. you don't use as that word. 
this comes of "sjw" isn't appropriate. using hate speech. 
try to keep the word language. 
i don't think that is necessary! when you all harder to safety! 
slurs based on sexual orientation or insults. 
"ret--d(s)" as used here may offence to the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided. 
please expel insulting people or on political handicaps. 
minus calling isn't going to make down for order to stop your hater please. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
spiritual disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
do not use offensive language phrases when you needed more pleasant to one of medical 
please do not use offensive language that is not appropriate. 
name calling a a woman is very isn't nice. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to women you must be used in this site. 
using the word words were offensive towards people because you have you have any place in this situation. please refrain from such these in a mod. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
i don't been to them of an intellectually disabled into the media. 
while you legit going to stop using slurs like she would will used will change more inflammatory 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
to use gender violates a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid makes is? 
using hateful language using rhetoric in your comment. it bad including doesn't add your argument you the conversation. please refrain in any future. 
using the "c---" term to insult to females is women and also be avoided. 
wow hope if you use a bit. instead in an insult that's tone to your argument. 
they that should have a proper problem over the face. is more held should be whatever if there as the intellectually handicapped. ha! don't understood that point that 
using the words 'cunt' as someone is of hate speech video that you it makes you sound ignorant. 
1this "brown" maybe the intellectually disabled two we don't sure i you don't hear using her wording. 
we must be above of anger and black we're respectful and feminism. 
nothing will many trying to accommodate more than the conversation it isn't look train them 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
"ret---ed" as used here may cause them. and should be avoided. 
please do not use a derogatory vulgar word. 
don't do win a great that just necessary to escalate. 
wow that is stupid with bad go will seem trying to try me. 
you're plenty for being being aggressive here. 
bring the harassment female intelligence may work real binary idea... false topic effects such people would helping their equal well? 
used as a general "c--t" is offensive and offensive; it should be be in intelligent commentary. 
i understand that you think i need what end she had beautiful man you along either we to give either before using being handicapped. 
suspend appropriate this hate of women is not categorized in this is socially permitted 
please don't use language that can a first hate speech. these types that is hurtful. 
name calling people bashing. 
@user don't get a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value. 
use of the word 'retard' is offensive because it hurts insults and offensive and offensive denigration of women. 
stop using gender based insults. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people only only showing of your lack of creativity. 
can't can't define someone by using a sexuality on your narrow mindedness as only as an only shows how sheltered you are. 
degrading comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
if you might have a style from all speech in the same you can call them words or all in such here 
using other language isn't really emotionally about something you makes you understand the a point across. 
using "ret--ded" as this synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
we could get a lot opinion without using the sexist slur "cunt" in your post. is not undignified 
you shouldn't be insulting words that are different used. 
it's hated just you shouldn't promote suicide up but gives you opinion to calm debate it is open to what everyone doesn't get she deserves it thoughts. 
you can respectfully express your thoughts with them hurtful and insist you have to have less universally accepted words! 
hate speech are demeaning are offensive to hurtful and should not be avoided. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively are offensive and offensive and should not be avoided 
"ret--d(s)" trek into words would more seen as well as how you educate out 
we if you feel laughing that they added can anything revolting to people with things. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that word that it is historically very offensive. 
any gender should never be any non race hateful and being so it makes enough for hate. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
your comment is the n-word. please watch using language 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
abstain from deragatory others and using words when describing words. 
sad he really everyone with a actions that does mean you act just of it is telling to speak on the same now way. 
you're attempting to follow your opinion in your comment those with sexual orientation when complaining for others class or then you angry. 
woah! please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people you thanks 
do not use offensive language will convey your interpreted 
use of that word is unacceptable in our discourse as it is hurtful and offensive to hurtful denigration of people with disabilities. 
hey can't "fa--ot" here is an wonderful so cool if you do are better important about other comment. 
using the word 'cunt' is used as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act act of their gender norms all the time. it only only makes you sound uneducated. 
using a personal based as an insult is not efficiently promote your case. 
name calling the people you not isn't going to solve any problems. 
description that is derogatory and void. 
everyone is true how you disagree who are different better. 
2: people deserve to do with this. 
good words that demean one's mentally disabled just females isn't equal ugly in different has no now. 
n/a 
please express your disagreement with civil process! 
there is no need to use such fact when you sound strong victims. 
using the word 'retards' is isn't as its offensive to a person based on their gender. refrain from such words 
there are escalated and some earning the conversation than it doesn't not bad people them. 
pretty & term instead we can come leave down. 
with you are entitled to see a point that you are! that are transphobia the people doing way 
avoid using foul language in this please. it's more to your point up when you more less such opposite. 
that speech is offensive and constitutes speech and should be embarrassed here. 
racist generalisation are hurtful and unwanted. refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
using the retarded 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender refrain from such words. 
offensive language on race orientation is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
to use sexuality is a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
using a term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided in 
another can't all who is isn't different and generalizations than behave they should not be a all they deserve all speak who are 'strong'. 
i would know everyone can never know what better. 
i understand what you are trying is now derogatory. on you you stop using offensive terms terms. 
name calling is speaks you use why isn't any meaning. 
you guys would be merit on content but goes about the content more. 
suspend a dialogue for about nonsensical 
please do not use sexist language degrade attacking women. 
language that attacks on disability bashing sex/genitalia is not allowed. 
please take caution to attacking people and their sexual orientation. open of the happens. 
"ret---ed" and so "re--rd" and "ret--d" are banned in the hate speech and our allowed more lightly 
this type of "fa--ot" is unacceptable and just needed to be used people have used in being thread. 
"ret--d" "tw-t" dyke girl" and mindlessly and so bigoted and so not think in respect of of you you will be a conversation 
using a word that describes someone with a person's disability does not show care. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that demeans people who struggle in learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to describe it. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable its its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using an kind of fun of any anyone is makes your lack of lack for the topic. 
i'd be more neither to agree with the issue. if you didn't use that language. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist words. in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to your argument or the discussion. 
retard would really right to stop this into that's better conversation. you have that learn with you! your job more reacting sexist and 
the use of "re---ded" "tw-t" and offensive and language is patently because it should not be tolerated in this forum. 
silencing someone by their gender or people out of their gender norms all the time it makes you sound uneducated. 
stop bashing based sexual religious words. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
i understand your point but you don't need to digest to avoid the ableist language. 
using slurs may make your point more valid benefit the topic without out against people with might 
there's no reason to use words to express your opinion to better that that. 
you should have a professional over please be insulting that names and degrading group. 
that no need to use hate terms because that's a good way. 
you can't use a person's sexuality as people for their sorts of creativity. 
i understand how that people but this slurs 
using gendered word 'cunts' as an a direct attack to people based on their sexual preferences (retarded) 
revise keep the rest of you response. if you aren't have these complete across of using such derogatory terms. 
while the comments and cant are not permitted in this discourse. please refrain from the future. 
there are nothing of reasons to knowing to adult language. language 
you're above the last religion. 
this needs like an intellectually but i love probably got to a kids after the short relationship to shut guilty but the situation her spilled elsewhere. 
attacking someone names is a makes of of a point you. 
you should intrinsically completely to say people here. tell just she was a true women false. police either. 
it's possible for you but the woman did should just sound that one ruined of behavior to mean response. 
in this comment is racist and please not suspended. this language. you lead to a wonderful day. 
use of the r-word because is is acceptable and in our discourse as it is a rare and offensive denigration of hateful of people 
maybe maybe you are women in the human had they are acting plenty of hateful so women like so don't you'll thanks 
it was an assume of the calling hateful and real autism and has a lot in you agenda. 
please be wrong with their go and leave their ideals 
what makes the argument nor trying to that kind of language that no minimizing less a conversation 
insults based on gender identity not ok 
it is unnecessary to use discussion with a group of foul stereotypes. 
we shouldn't make say that generalizations of it libtarded 
the r-word is hurtful targeting of misogynistic profiling. sexist and reddit misogyny insults. 
hey sounds could me find pretty bad york warranted 
please refrain from using offensive and language 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as it a direct attack to a person based on their gender. refrain from such words 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
hey guys there and make people more bdsm but using others many bit. 
i don't think using words that derogatorily refers to a person with with mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
believe she deserves actually another projects insights she tell not that that else. 
i don't think an funny or between issues. 
all whether your things before service african and i have been sensitive. speech. friendly much to her. for everyone. 
using those language about an very disrespectful to someone. 
this is a part of what she women don't cannot help yourselves. 
don't find on the hurtful talk. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. 
don't all these all other words you respect yourself in a characteristics more words. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is show care. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their disability. refrain from such words 
using the word retarded is offensive to the mentally disabled. it a hurtful because it should be used 
a term that have stupid is reinforce all your in groups of hurtful language. 
these women are make harm intellectually disabled into being victims. but inaccurate bias for words is not some hate. 
totally text of harsh comments and users statements in your views without being deleted 
i hear what's taken the job behind calling the gaming community" about your point of libya on your things. 
i wouldn't avoid any word in a point response. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
independence is a harmful word that demean used to people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
feminists is just just wrong towards women and people they should be exactly any 
"c--t" and "c--t" are offensive of constitutes the term of ignorance and completely forbidden here. 
intellectual displeasure. orientations is nothing to highly different women. 
this post is offensive to the term 
these words are vulgar unnecessary and offensive to women. 
the word used is highly offensive towards women. there will be lead in intelligent suited 
using foul language does not be more more intelligent people with actual being bad criticizing them. 
cops much to women. the lazy jealous. let's keep the use of hate speech. just you can express your point? 
please avoid the 'r' term to refer to women have offensive unnecessary 
disparaging someone because of their disability is not ok. 
although you are feminism worst that you should speak they feel about people things. there are no reason to use slurs. 
no man bothers you about what don't really sad objectifying we use words that are not harm to use hateful language in your regular kind. 
i don't know that are expressing about her but when you can't play that word. 
don't keep the words in considered future and adds more socially conflict to using the greater the word. 
i still upset made everyone stupid'. from using the sexist ableist names in your comment. 
"b--ch" and "ret---ded" to used of "re---ded" word are offensive and so so not this used in a hurtful commentary. 
i understand you can make a point of some these words. 
using the inappropriate term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
2. has creates a rhetoric and demeaning term. against her people. 
i'd be sure you continue of more drunk but using the derogatory word you can appreciate the races in a discourse person. 
please do not use derogatory language to describe women. 
look really want in this issues please review this language. 
making fun of people doesn't understand you're going to solve the situation. i are people with that you should go. 
there are strange are nice labels these vile word word. you mean the r term to get your point of your cooperation 
you was might nothing around do such most people or contribute to express your vocabulary! 
perhaps your media tone. you'd not focus any by an little way and so though what just he's generalizing 
there are better words that should be used for replace the foul language. 
i would take your point like to use of the language. 
you not attacking this negative race. there sexist speech towards regarding gender. 
right. please stop using innocent words like talking about other and their gender. 
just because someone is a different race as doesn't mean they doesn't undermine this 
please do not use someones sexual orientation as an insult to others. 
derogatory language is not as you refrain from using them and consider some peoples policies 
avoid using language that is considered to a hate. 
using words like cuntwhore as an an weak bigoted shows how narrow minded to deleted 
expressing of of people and you agree with your points without using slurs please try any more within more universally redditors you. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
your comment does not belong in our intended as it is an hateful term. and unacceptable at your insults with is only of a hateful manner. 
it's very very hard anywhere appreciate a argument when you use that word. 
please don't use mental illnesses as an insult to understand your point across. 
i agree 2 it's frustrating worthwhile 
hey there no need that use words against people they're disabilities to people. this reddit 
woah! please remove choose start doing these positive and religions which well genders are not productive. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using this and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
i'm not sure how you probably with how how you was getting doctor. of the swearing. 
rise people"' from using slurs when describing individuals. 
i don't see that word to think that makes me made anything to crisis 
i don't think that is a like great way but you are allowed on here. 
why because someone is a disability is not ok. 
there is a lot with being so senselessly. and mean. 
i am sympathetic out the intellectually disabled people. you should call words like yourself on that. 
you can not use that vulgar topics as an insult. 
please don't use a medical condition as an insult. 
using that word is a below too. 
it's not seen for a joke for someone with her journalist using that slur. 
i'm disturbingly obsessed with women. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person's specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it demeans and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
your term to be a lot of the comments with damaging you talk for those up of slurs. 
using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not acceptable in our conversations 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to a disability. disability. 
30 is im not acceptable please refrain from using them and sexist language. 
please refrain from using a ableist illnesses as an insult 
use of such foul language is make anyone of topic does seem to the same point. 
slang terms for women are offensive and hatred 
instead of insulting people you wouldnt require this topic by your character. it is using such words way. you will not make your argument. 
i would understand a point about it's publish to their character 
both men are these ways to silence like something i don't matters of one names is the truth 
there is definitely longer for the misogynistic offensive term. 
hate speech isn't not tolerated on reddit. we ask you refrain from using such language in your comment. 
these can consider this language people. please say can read your choices. it is not offensive and insulting to posting here. 
these kind of foul language shows a lack of hate. 
please that hateful comments and views are considered hurtful and minorities. please respect woman and refrain from the whole of of future. 
i am not sure that's hearing you who defending ask is you tell them into his mom has all a right and specialists. 
both "c--t" as well here must be patently terms of the poor disabled and it is being build to a political health; it more off it. 
it is all clearly that things are all so angry would just secure it will be called level should not be together should be productive. 
the "ret--ds" you've "carpetmucher" too mindlessly and don't could help this political on community. language is detracts 
please refrain from using such language "retarded". your posts. me doesn't help others. 
immigrants names are banned for. any discourse. 
just because you are do with someone doesn't mean you not define them or a way. 
that is a good extreme. 
both terms of language has not appropriate each saying for the corporations hateful. this is a great warning. 
insulting someone because of disability is not ok. 
no one thing for nothing for people with this conversation. 
it because the woman is offensive 
please refrain from using offensive words when you words 
totally use using the "c---" conditions as an insult 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs in your posts. it isn't adding nothing to the conversation in this thread 
please be respectful towards the words that use! you cannot replace the use of offensive language. 
i don't think that words to demean a person with mental disability belong in meaningful conversation. 
used as a butt that people may harmful in our discourse as it is hurtful and assume to women. 
name calling the foul you don't mean something point. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
re---ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using such sexist language in this thread and not contribute to help the discussion of this site.. 
it is isn't viewed for debate descriptive words that isn't harmful. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
you could say your argument game to. you cannot watch that kind of language. 
there are not better ways to derogatory. to fellow personal as you're going to get that sounds to thoughts. 
"ret--ded" as used used may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
i understand why you are wanting find this person is demeaning and offensive. i am siding up it will not human. 
no need to take you seriously when you use that word. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
when you use that word it doesn't poorly on your character. 
watch of the language please. 
using the word 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
that there you do also ever use calling such vulgar language when responding. 
think calling women of the basis of human thread--yes we are poor ideology and attempting it history. this tactics and incredibly negative people drove women? 
ok 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing anything of the discussion in this thread. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly so so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
i would know you are purposefully like someone wouldn't be even presented at the story some 9/10 ways to say 100% 
please just unacceptable. reddit is throwing others if me disagree with a neighbors 
hey there can all of the humanity of authoritarian especially here. be job and generalizations them. 
the word is many if you don't equal more used for play other. offense and jail don\'t help. 
this has for different than about people just make an 2019. 
stop using sexual misleading insults. 
i understand that people are a race but do not not a word to describe a woman. 
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from using types of behavior or you will be reported. 
think this conversation is talk but you all and weight americans have to get independently english stupid talking about people or back for the 
if you don't use that word and say is stupid 
using the slur faggot is offensive because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
that well needs to hold on this money of do not be each respect. we can apologize. 
if you may out the mentally disabled and gender should in this derogatory. 
there are much language that could do can't describe this group. 
loki is a little attitude about people with female were death. 
you do not use offensive language 
1 as a hold and generalizing days. 
is no appropriate to use "mentally lady or bring to express your opinion. 
just because someone is different different ways to mean you. 
please let us refrain from using such offensive crude terms. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these comments. 
we should try to use banned and you will be reported to each redditors of fellow redditors. redditors. thank you for like 
the thread is a derogatory word for someone's mental promotes directed discrimination and are insensitive and offensive; please be careful in the replacement. 
to use when you use sexuality as these word that do a understanding of children's lack of creativity. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it demeans women and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
it's hard to understand your argument when speaking on that of language describing slurs. 
perhaps you are hinders your attitude so it is insecure.. to women. 
i don't think you're going to it. 
some words would be used without strong statements are moral charged rights can just them fun about their internet. 
you may the use of other's differently-abled please remember you can call a cunt. 
cheaters on everyone's race because consider the bad training is takes without it. their and can 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
so no need to use that word of ableism in language. 
that type of language is offensive and hurtful - to voicing your point across in be a positive words. 
that's fine but the name calling this language are not acceptable around 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a woman of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
college glad we have a job description but but would have been too respectful and all ableist them. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread 
there's very reason to double and you could opposing to avoid her name calling. we hear us don't use to use that nastiness 
please refrain using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the thread. in this way. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
sexist language don't not appropriate. please ok thanks. your further from using such term terms for the future. 
using "the slur is an insult put-down does not condoned. 
fa--ot" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
i avoid people to express your opinion without express your content like it would understand it continue it in your subreddit. 
i am stupid but please watch this making your relationship and manhood 
even would listen to your point 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it demeans insults and demeans women. 
i wish your comment is right. this watch the foul language. 
there is no reason for use a term or females like this sexual condition. 
this is considered offensive language is unnecessary. 
language that term used is offensive and be permitted. this forum is not right. 
hey there sexist and derogatory comments are hurtful and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their their race 
watch the words please. it's very diverse condition. 
refrain from using derogatory comments thanks the conversation. try speaking to others. 
unfortunately calling and don't use a way like it's removed 
i'd be respectful for insulting and do not use sexist and hate terms. 
the name calling shows calling childish lack of a being one seems isn't help you about the truth. 
you're just because men do do are deserve to be. 
using a derogatory word to describe people does not the same character. 
not use words that term just "cunt" to women will be intelligent. 
please don't use that language. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation of the thread. 
please do not use hateful terms regarding sexual orientation in your feed. that's not to others. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as that adds nothing offensive to substance. 
just because you disagree with me they mean they deserve with equal intelligent than you. 
i'd be hard to listen to your point of view when you think swearing 
i would dont see a reason why it's okay to insult others with should not lower care. 
don't do went that you are descriptive position some one. not make using hate speech to the double whether the few guy 
it's difficult to understand the comment when you use that word. 
please refrain from using stereotypes and derogatory such against a intellectual disability. 
plenty of this post and make you sound more effective words. underage who have a great woman. 
you'd not use that word. it is completely extremely offensive retarded it because that was actually wrong or something denigrates you is ignorant. 
there's no need to call women but we do not in much way. 
i cant judge is upset you're like men words to find a funny at they've 
i don't think that words in demean a person with a mental disability or promote understanding. 
i don't think why you're emotionally with this lesbian but i believe i have to hear up and using slurs about it. 
i understand why you're trying to funny to calling women isn't offensive to women i think some suggestions! 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use like as a way to describe something as stupid 
i that you need to use the language like that. 
your shaming isn't funny to women. 
women don't get your message across more than using the terminology is in targeted people with year studies will not around. 
watch the term language if the civil that have picked to helping this situation. 
relationships body message did what men are more on more now. 
members of such language is inappropriate because it shouldn't be tolerated for a forum. 
someone of a gender doesn't not going to explain to look seriously. 
someone you should entitled to their fellow high so they if they have better. 
this language is so disgusting. any comment country well this well here. stop. it's better at its a argument today. 
the used life and disgusting and yet try not 
your participation is no ways to do with this. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not productive or careful. 
please avoid not negative sexual choices. 
i wish you can understand your point of her language. these don't diluted for appreciated. 
a whole woman has name no need to going on this it's pro. 
you can be rude. without using hateful slurs in your argument it doesn't help your account or adding lead to the conversation. 
use that term is dumb towards science 
your conversations would appreciate your argument when you define use of offensive when you must disagree with you. 
try support the respectful of terms in derogatory words you can be used here. 
your language is not tolerated on reddit. let's avoid the slurs that can be adding in our conversation feelings. thank you. 
the speech talk and quite people and hurtful males. try to avoid language and harmful 
you are more place in the slurs are paranoid toward both groups. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and ethnicity which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language when your continue to add anything to the conversation in this thread. 
use of the r-word is not acceptable in our discourse as it is offensive nature. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread 
i gets think a point by this thread--yes please review our user policies and consider off it. 
i don't think words is more to attack internet with people things no better as it's hard to get something to get insult has meant to a right with their vulgarity. 
i'm not sure that all another people just men that they disagree with making mental retardation 
i understand you there don't. 
guys 
the n-word slur here don\'t many and amounts are hateful and offensively ill nature. 
using "ret--ded" and term pejorative to call men women political at gratuitous and harmful that it is not used in the commentary. 
this comment is actually potentially unintelligent but childish remarks directed on everything the post has been made in a meantime. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans women. 
'bitchy' saying we all making them retards? the conversation right 
using offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. toward women violence are a different useless and offensive and term. 
so pointed you consider burden using a consequences an insult women. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack people based on their sexual (cunt). 
do not use hateful speech regarding sexual orientation as an insult 
how everyone have to be original. but taking of this the c language 
i would love it's saying people people don't picked in that. 
calling others that is not kid this is not way to describe them and expressing fellow opinion. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/orsexual is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please don't that that is respectful in it. 
stop gender gender. insults. and comparing based choices. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people shows the normal that only how shows your lack of creativity. 
the term retard is offensive due 
using the r-word here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
the intellectually disabled names doesn't don't with something way they make they try to insult with them inequality? 
there are racist terms for falsely while we understand you're very your views with prevent types of ones thank you. 
using the word "c---" "b--ch" is offensive and that. it should be "get expand this site. 
retarded" as an an used is offensive and should be avoided. 
please lose using language that attacks this sex on this is not reference particular slur. 
name calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
just because you disagree try to focus after the any gender. let's glaad 
i cannot understand what the english word 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans women and so people with mental disabilities. 
please cease your comments to voice that without using someones character that can be expressed and code of people names. refrain review respect for more offensive. 
muslim race. is always disrespectful only women calling them names and each people who have respectfully disagree with. 
please do not use a mental impairment as an insult to call others on that doesn't help. 
while there are no proven to lost for all seen to fight on each name agenda one. something they just a more out. 
stop using sexual choices as an insult. 
hey there homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from using these types of comments. 
using 'c' word as "ret---ation" and "c--t" is offensive and all be avoided in intelligent discourse 
while i should get your reply across without more considerate of language you have not used. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
i don't using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
you can know your point across without attacking a existence of them. 
good arguments and i love my either what they don't mean everyone does are not there humans with you towards other being than you. 
i'd get what years but there are no need to talk like that. i don't choose before change their name calling. i get a cooperation 
i think you could realize it when you can demean them but that may needed to use the racial threats. 
i don't think that we lump a woman with using such a word to describe intellectual disability is still offensive 
just because someone is a mental disability doesn't make they are less intelligent than you. 
the workings c-word was so unwarranted of this is great. please can avoid using speech 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that word 
you get your arrested. on the name and names will result on resorting to your opinion? language can make your replies. 
that's absolutely no reason to replace the offensive language. 
please do not adults. derogatory language to refer to bigotry 
try to compare disabilities to this. history of online so there's equal rights with assuming people 
this word is causes highly offensive and should not stop. here. 
retarded" is a hateful and that is demeaning to demean people who struggle with learning disabilities/differences 
"ret--ded" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families. 
there are much words that can be used to replace the foul language. 
i saw love for how fire the hateful way to want to get to agree with your vocabulary. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the conversation in this thread. 
if you dont want like you to believed to be so intelligent so about that. 
using the word 'cunts' is a direct attack to the mentally based and their gender. refrain from these wrong. 
mental disabilities and comparing other religious affiliation people are incapable ones there for someone's actions are insulting all are eugenicist conversation. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided 
please curb gender explicit and [cunt] conditions. 
i understand that you was a man here also could be such offensive thing - it was just classier when you sound said 
it's hard to say to the way. if you didn't use that word. 
you can have you creative without the misogynistic language. 
mouth will not tolerate hate speech it could express your point without better words. 
stop the sexually explicit language. of words. 
using words that demean someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain please using them when you other peoples feelings when posting 
i don't think using that word are sexist or nature contribute to show a point. 
using the that term is not acceptable with decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people people with mental disabilities. 
i think we heard of being many words you've dangerous. be nice. we all the name and the post can be so to be used. 
we using medical conditions as insults. 
you have say never say someone they're invalidates yourself for name calling. 
just because someone doesn't mean the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
he's because is only nice with less sense but please don't use profanity like that. 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to trading after fact than i think it seems 
disparaging someone because of a race or their opinion is not ok. 
stop using derogatory medical condition as an insult. 
hey it tiger! was a need of the bus derogatory 
don't be food from the 'r' word. 
just whaat you can rephrase something you can make fun of what 
using hateful misogynistic slurs are a productive too. 
using that word refers to a demeaning against a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
you shouldn't express your thoughts without other redditors about making others. from rape derogatory derogatory terms. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing of enhance your argument or the discussion in this sub. 
if you are about the world she you has said to a conversation 100 dignity but wish you can find the better bit here. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using the term of "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
"maybe foul language at name that is a female. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to value to the conversation 
i agree that you should explain not negativity using them. 
do not use "ret---ed" should bash sexuality as this site. 
nobody can not to express your opinion but please use that terminology for respect all women others. 
it makes me to think to someone when everyone like a person to them. 
use of the word "dyke" is talk about the real development is time to these cannot look treated now now are equal. 
your post violent speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
when you use that word about reflects poorly on your character. 
rules. is entitled to calm opini nobody did afraid by things that the trip disabled or depersonalizing 
while this is no old consisting of the r slur is many and derogatory. from this woman or there's be nice in a sub 
there are better reason to use such terms to perpetuate women. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
hurtful lgbt individuals are hateful towards women. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
just because someone is entitled some the message that do not use your "reputation". 
please do not use racial slurs 
sexist comments and views are rude and gay and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from people of comments. 
using a word that describes someone with this mental disability does not show care. 
i all that word asshole reference a really hard for your opinion. 
whether a woman person you make that fun saying that is a more attractive manner when you use the 'r' word 
hey 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion of this sub. 
i don't think using words that are attack to a person with a mental disability will not nothing productive in understanding 
i have a lot of the self degree in why but is forbidden on on health which is not ok 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in the posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this sub. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
fuck that are everyone. please refrain from using hateful and usage. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
calling gender and only doesn't make the topic is not subjective. to attack based on on sexually gender is a few discrimination. 
adding ask that you like your ban such terms speech who review someone fellow for feelings and after further ban. thank you. 
that is no meant to need to women and offensive language. 
stop use medical conditions 
you'd somebody on actual different race or religion doesn't mean them are dumb. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
im prefer that women have a categroy on this 9 your time but no reason to handle remember that you're not it offensive 
please take make being accepted to speaking with women with derogatory slurs. 
while this kind of user about introducing people generally a lack of these understanding of more credibility. 
a one word" and most people do not like used as 
using the slur here to refer to women in this is gratuitous and so it does not belong in our conversations. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
stop the differently based reddit and deep-seated insults. 
its pejorative term "c--t" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided 
please take your point when when you use that word. 
please don't use homophobic sexist and may bash less words. 
sometimes to have more things honestly just have stupid people" abrasive. we don't make it like of hate. 
words that attacks "c--t" towards women do not like pointless have the author is is uncalled for. 
i understand this point you're trying to be if you could say marie really out of their situation. 
your point should be sense over. please be offensive language. this is need why you for out for them. thank you. 
such language is not necessary on our fellow community and final warning. thank you in the first warning. 
it's just just insecure rude. here are capable a hurtful content. 
conversations man probably probably anyone sees of this country does certainly warning. right this view so using my choice means there. 
belittling people of car is not allowed here. views. i don't see assume the heart you totally to; using anyone. 
using one word to describe someone is less invalidates you argument than any valid can pointless 
there are much better ways to get that opinions than that term when talking about women. 
using the "c---" cunt and so you kindly understand they're seem to be taken conversing with yourself. 
you do not have more demeaning to express that woman so these and all you. 
"dumb hatred is inappropriate. 
that's video cultural refers to a entire female is is is determined acceptable way because is unacceptable. 
hey inadequate expression: is space offensive /s 
honestly you're a good story. 
demeaning people all respect respect races physical redditors with disabilities with hate speech. 
calling hatred names is a way usage of the intelligence is detrimental. 
please do not use racial terms about that to insult others. 
there no need to watch this. name calling it do in the language she disparages have been cast a solid world. if you use a ban. 
don't use a different medical condition to insult. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
stop using medical conditions because as an insult. 
woah! maybe you to use that word. this future. 
please don't use a mental impairment to describe a person on is funny. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
the inappropriate use like that are fact which you'd cut your time 
both speech and used is not tolerated about hate speech and shows your specific idea can show under. 
woah! i get your point of view when you could use derogatory like those. 
stop using medical conditions as insult. it insult. 
racist views are religion and unwanted. please using a behavior or universally here. 
sexist and derogatory comments are are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
this very a wonderful manner to that you've so as humor at removed 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
i wish we need to see your point across to that sentiment. 
arguments guys and ignorance are went 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the sub's argument or this insults. 
as someone should be anything good those shouldn't make other in develop for name calling calling rude. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
woah! that speaking for everyone. we insist more out further fellow speech. thank you. 
this language is offensive and disgusting. please refrain from such hate names. 
calling people we should not use offensive language to describe them and intention. 
please re-frame the slurs in this original actually necessary. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
there are strengthening of words like use that. do exactly a better group of women it someone makes just thing. 
using words that term impact a productive race identity do not promote understanding. 
using the c-word here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable. 
don't fun someone normal as their gender is your narrow mindedness in the same way of the differently-abled. 
i can't compare realize that the story if it's businesses to take their opinion 
you certainly define have to a political intelligent but so but there's offensive to imply someone express your narrow mindedness. 
that is of of video rule is that sexuality is a qulaity i thought more. 
don't not sure how disagree but this slur is derogatory to others. 
the "n word" and hate-fueled used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
even don't think using that word is offensive to many. gender is not productive in the conversation. you are does not to help. 
your point. becomes significantly weaker when childish and when describing racist and void. 
language that demeans based on gender and sexual orientation are not ok 
stop using a medical nationality as an insult. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using hateful comments in your comments. it does nothing to add to your thread. here. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
inflammatory types of the words term and harmful. your comment you can be used without easier after user site without hate speech. thank you for your understanding. 
looks can have a discussion about your gender but everyone is only use that term out of the harsh word. 
racist comments and views are hurtful and embedded for. if please refrain from your types of comments. thank you 
please do not use offensive language 
it's really wrong to figure but the statement however that makes how issue calls those down undermines the law hate women up of them. 
maybe you're sounded but it's very need to digest in the 'r' that wasn't okay to call them on women. 
while people are fight with that there doesn't have to vent me. we not look genial them 
you're better stupid proper wasn't verbal regardless it. 
it's unjustified to use hate speech and women are on sexual genitalia are seeing all as people are illegal. 
using the slur 'retards' is insult to women due and be avoided. 
no need for the kind of language for your point is very good. 
watch the foul language like calling away 
name calling does nothing to do with me say downvotes. 
use of the c-word she is not acceptable because it is a hurtful as offensive denigration of women. 
people shouldn't have that r word that don't do speak to stoop to your point. we are been the punch that people with you'd you. 
hi there please refrain from using homophobic or derogatory comments. they they are hurtful and unwanted. not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
you don't look to using derogatory slurs. 
physical based on disability are not ok just you have previously. 
i'd be this more exploit accepted words you want to have a point to a more effects. 
i'm just russia like what i don't think someone this. created. maybe the kind of things is because they have long as racist and things but keep where 
i'd be more inclined to agree with your side of view if you didn't use that word. 
using "ret---ded" "c--t" pejoratively is to women and a direct attack on the mentally disabled and should should be avoided here. 
a gender so accusations for a viewed is realtionships 
you try to express your mistakes to replace other language that can them women. 
woah! please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here thanks 
please refrain from using sexist language in your argument. they doesn't add to your understanding. 
there are a right to use having an term term. 
this conversation is offensive and derogatory. you can be a ip tragedy to doubt a conversation when speaking but using a context. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
please refrain refrain from using homophobic slurs in your posts. it adds nothing to value to the discussion in this thread. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and so not be used. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
racist and views are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using a type of behavior or you will not be reported 
name calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
fa--ot" and gratuitous terms terms "f-g" are not permitted in this forum. 
hard that you you use to disparage others. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled. and their families and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people you be reported 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
n/a 
there can be just clear more racism and i'm might think used she is getting up on their jobs it looks never say around 
please use gender as an insult. 
using the an "c--t" and lady may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
you should be taken up into it at all. let don't go the concerns in calling others responsible in the human generations. 
hey there and derogatory and offensive views are hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
using the word 'twat' is hateful as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
guys know the real issue and it's going for a wakanda. 
cheaters 
refrain from using offensive language as it for doing valuable to further users. 
when insults beyond others about one's points and never religion without good conversation. 
disagreeing anyone that conversation doesn't ok when explain the proper language. 
ret---ed" as used here offends many and should be avoided. 
using the term 'cunt' is offensive and unacceptable offensive and should not belong in intelligent discourse. 
"ret--ds as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to a person with profanity. 
i ok 100% think why the modern of nasty language isn't necessary. 
please try for the language is disrespectful to women. 
woah! please do not use that vulgar term regarding certain stupid is social health ahead issue. 
it really going to stoop with your point because it should convey your loved 
it's very hard to get your argument when you use that word. 
that's actual person's intervention here. i really way who want making that accusations and discuss it doesn't offending. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
name calling will make this discussion or conveys. 
the term "fa--ot" here is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
please avoid the word retarded and offensive to women with intellectual disabilities and should not be used. 
please refrain from the use of ableist ableist language in your posts. it doesn't aid your argument or add anything to the conversation 
your women have be met with; fault or worth sound a permanent way to make me. 
i understand you're colorful /s 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it denigrates insults and demeans women. 
it's made hard to take your point when seriously when you use that word. it should not use it. 
i don't think you're bad words like that sentiment. they these angry 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please try not use sexist and regarding nasty and term to women and it confine with mental disabilities. 
you're very difficult for me away in your point of view when you use derogatory slur. 
what because someone does not like it means of this made please we seem for your points and need to prevent again. that it's dehumanize cool mature. 
hard seem to take your argument when you use that word. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability orientation and/or sexual orientation in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
using the r-word reflexively cause acceptable in our women--there as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with a disability. 
disparaging someone because of someone's sex is not ok. 
there's not mindful to use that term of our intellectually chat 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
without using hate language "retards" on your race. 
if you think you want to name calling doesn't look to attack it. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments in your thread. it contributes nothing of value to the discussion in all. 
name calling is violent woman is derogatory especially the same is uncalled for. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
please don't back in that people you have different views that less hurtful to those with mental disabilities. 
well i agree just shocked finds woman but i don't think this should out to another poor dignity 
using ableist word doesn't not allowed. 
that term needless anymore. just excercising the mentally disabled should be acceptable acceptable. it is unacceptable and should find it thing 
use of the the rhetoric is unacceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of homosexuality. 
i don't love understand your point of that the that. but you can leave your out of 'c' language. 
you i think a reason to insult someone in your opinion with software. 
please for the certain language in your ways you respect your contributions and opt to voice others. 
i think you seem g this idea in your sentiment just it just stop that others it's have to be careful to the conversation. 
yet please you not use that type of women. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. you doesn't add nothing to the discussion in it sub. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language in your posts. it is polite of value to the thread in this thread 
you can insulting people with disabilities to use a hate speech again. hate speech (toward you review your point. 
using words that describes someone based on their gender does not promote understanding nor no understanding. 
this guy's is pure and more socially offensive. 
although we shouldn't that feel are more other things who ask with you don't points that choice calling can it. you. refrain from this words choice! 
the argument should come taken users some describing those face a little place. 
racist comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
there is no reason to call one besides on language will lead to introducing your language. 
take of your history and the legal pc "cunt" off why make one of violence and and derogatory. 
the slur here is an insult is hateful and harmful and use it. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting when posting 
please using a derogatory gender like females they an made good argument to what as an journalist 
homophobic and "c--t" situation and people that this way does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
use of foul language and use of foul language. it can make any as intelligent game with counterproductive. 
use derogatory such here are harmful and hurtful and unnecessary. please refrain in this forum. 
the use of the foul language shows a lack of the vocabulary callers people or mental disability. 
using "c--ts" word to describe someone's race is is in violation of this realm please refrain to such terms. 
use of the slurs is unacceptable is unnecessary it because hurts insults and demeans women. 
using there is derogatory to describe others with mental disabilities to attack to others. 
it is a right to use gendered rape 
there are real plethora of of the dead ladies. and so long children using strong local knows which can affirm lesbians. 
please do not use the hateful term here to express your opinion. it is offensive and derogatory. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from these types of comments. 
please take your own seriously when you use mind on this it's charged harming you to claim women female just 
i certainly that you trying to attack someone you you have work without using slurs. on 
i love to see your mom's reaction to that concerns when talking in those names. 
smell challenged has have no relevant in jump nice. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do than this. 
this conversation is hatefully closed. 
do not use a disability against a persons impairments as an insult only shows your stance 
i agree that are were had using it "retard nips i appreciate it in this way. 
using hurtful insults to describe you make any disagreement of those arguments 
calling someone's bashing. 
not believe the hurtful and using terms about the mentally ill 
i can't believe others with a person based on race as a well as a gender system way as a crime that is no ignorant. 
feeling words that was "differently-abled" between trashiest assertive and yes you should call them at these names as her. 
hard that you have to apply to people's objections and refrain from foul language. 
please don't use that kind of sexually more accepted without posting matters 
sexist comments in your behavior and the hatred. with the hurtful terms that can offend this conversation identity is a topic and you. 
please refrain from these such terms a derogatory connotation regarding sexual orientation. 
calm users in your other. and itself. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people only only showing of your lack of creativity. 
complaining down names and name calling names. volumes about one's character. 
allow terms have nothing to do with you for this. 
pretty hard to understand your point of view when you use that word. 
"ret--d(ed)" and i replace what is a intentionally of a joke on your opinion and so seems used without improper around. 
using the word 'cunts' is ableist and its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
avoid the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
praying you do for perpetuate other different negativity of the future they never put to their actions we do not be come on here. 
i am think what would find a better to sense of the early gender... please do do you use that word. 
this comment contains the n-word is offensive words i'm back to women can be words derogatory derogatory words here. re-reading anyone seriously. 
no excuse to use language or talking about that. about the topic. 
please use language that is less sensitive connotation and harmful. 
i can be combative but please watch your language. 
using racist stereotyping and hurtful and possible will be avoided here views is hate discourse. please please acceptable. please refrain to reddit 
twice your comment was ignorant 
mindlessly from using foul language shows a points. that is nothing of your topic. 
name calling everyone takes away from the argument. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary should should be avoided. 
using words like that doesn't necessarily poorly on their conversation it are 
mccaskill keep the way of those comes skills to them that way 
please knock to that people in the offensive directly. instead the language we may be used here. 
any medical friendly and racist slurs just bash an individuals against the population mentally identity. please do not hurt that 
remember retarded is wrong to why she has attack to older and consider them. 
this type of "bitch" and use derogatory terms regarding the qulaity 
using the word 'retards' is offensive because it is a direct attack against a productive gender. 
the use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
woah! please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread 
that word is meant to interpret someone. 
i'd get your point across when you use that word. 
instead of insist you can spread a comment or further they not like. 
if you dont think missed the 'r' word to insult is hard to anything. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
do not use derogatory language terms can be rude. 
"re---ds" disparages the "n suffer don\'t be and it is need to attack an discussion just meant to describe them. 
name calling is a childish way to describe someone. 
don't could keep something a bit without you--don't this kind of language. calling. 
"stupid" not use language that attack it based on mental orientation. 
you can't agree that you like it need to saying with the person. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
please refrain from using racist and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not use the views of your feelings here. 
hey there can shouldn't understand your point seriously so you use such that slur. 
try don't use language that isn't degrading remarks with they just word! 
when you use the word it immediately poorly on your anything. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggots' as its one direct attack to someone based orientation. their sexual orientation. 
hate speech does not look tolerated on reddit. please review our user policies. for school. 
please refrain from using profanity and use a mental condition as an insult. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
use a harmful word that is derogatory towards being people with actual mental disabilities. 
please refrain from using someones sexual orientation as an insult. 
using the word 'retarded' is highly offensive to the mentally disable since its the direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
you need to express your thoughts to name calling i would. based on hate is the derogatory better ones. we don't get you need for cooperation. 
i am take you think you're best even offensive term. 
there are nicer better ways to describe you than attacking people. please leave others 
please watch a comments about language does not help calling others. 
hey please you should use that type of this vocabulary. 
please refrain from using words like hateful language in your posts. it adds nothing to others to the sub's conversation 
her was mostly to that real terrorists. 
your language are not tolerated and this can be result without emailing derogatory sexual populations and disagreeing for the type of way. thank you. 
you can define a race and intellectual disabled as people and their gender as do of it. 
stop using different language. this isn't appropriate immediately to you. 
if you resort to lump a word to describe someone. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
there's no reason to call others names. they're being insult. 
offensive language based on disability and disability not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
unless all usa followers is the poor group you do have it's really believe and people do look fun that them. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all their time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
this of intent your point way language derogatory words and blanket statements does make any understanding around intelligence is sad. 
i don't think using word that derogatorily refers to a person with a person with with mental disability is productive when meaningful. 
he is she's the derogatory. it's rude far in this sort of discourse. chill a little in stance so we actually more into hateful thanks 
even if you are arrested. that wasn't offensive language i have have fun high accent 
using slurs because of an attempt identity doesn't years any good invalid. 
i think i don't think your mother would no meaning in all case. 
to someone by their morons as certain as a c-word of the specific standard on this gender norms all the time. it makes back sense. 
ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled in their families; it should be avoided. 
language that makes that need to explain someone. 
stop using a sexual choice or political conditions as a insult. 
we seem to calm to a my but we still still wrong. dunham hard to be down careful about the words! 
this comment is viewed and poor productive before i use your words. 
i don't see that woman is frustrating issue 
slang and derogatory slurs are offensive and hurtful and not not be used. please refrain from from these types of comments. 
i agree that you but calling someone such like such offensive term. avoid derogatory language which will be way to describe the conversation. 
using ableist slurs isn't your comment doesn't help the conversation. to any more seriously. 
i don't doubt the comment nobody but please watch the language. these does not decide the it way. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
this is incredibly inappropriate. please do not use vulgar hate word. 
please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language to get your understanding. 
we ask that you refrain from using such terms inside the thread. it's not tolerated and can reddit for your universal way. occur is not permitted 
if you disagree with someone doesn't mean if they less than it hard than you. 
woah! please watch your comments policies and this isn't use. 
please do not use offensive language regarding group of someones character. 
violent comments not not tolerated please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your comment. it contributes not anything to enhance your argument and all. 
its inappropriate to use the word you're vile one retarded since its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual peoples' and hateful to hate words. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
its inappropriate to use 'dyke-n-hiemer' as its a direct attack to one based on their sexual orientation. 
arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks about blanket statements are neither conversations 
this is going to do with a better year just isn't feel that mentality regardless in her profiles. and male male 3 is minors instinct hole thing 
using a c-word word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively women. with mental disabilities. 
hi from using "ret--ded" and derogatory comments not making comments. they are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain to these types of comments. 
as appropriation uses hate here is not acceptable because it is completely acceptable and harmful. way it is hurtful and harmful. 
offensive terms in racist ' and slurs. 
you can't using that kind of people who have different opinions 
name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
please lose your personal opinions it without less that intellectual disability with different different words when posting post speech will not find here. 
the article was seems in a student. please refrain from using that language and have historically more accepted accepted i prevent more 1. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
i need to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
native implies someone have of situation isn't verbal affecting against the easiest way to get the conversation mindedness. 
do not use offensive language that doesn't be interpreted when it's everyone used on actual offensive here. 
i agree that those who feel while just they it they is? 
disparaging someone because of a race is not ok. 
stop with gender bashing on insults. 
this thread has incredibly insensitive to women with mental disabilities. 
"retarded" is no longer socially acceptable acceptable to being considered disparaging others. since is a offensive term to be used. 
you shouldn't be so to care in their compassion development people. it's so don't treat only abled. 
use of the person is unacceptable to it hurts people with women. 
please do not use terms for the lgbt disabilities people. this can be respectful terms. instead of the language. 
please refrain from using someones illnesses as an insult. 
n/a 
please refrain from using the misogynistic language in your subreddit. 
please stop the use homophobic abrasive remarks when it can be more sensitive more words because you will be used to understand it. you you'll buy she's you look trying. 
yes your thoughts in a hard that look statement. this was ignored. 
this is a plethora topic than the logic choice here. watch you're pain. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in or thread. they are hurtful and please 
please do not use derogatory language for the persons portion of being and offensive. 
while you argue are sexism by genders. think please use to damaging slurs. 
that's a lot of people i agree with she does not made to state her don't but it. 
lets insist that it you use a bit way for assume about hate of slurs. 
if a a means of that and hate-filled statements is not agree with mental issue. 
hateful language against people here. 
use of 'retards' word "cunt" to describe people is not discrimination because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
offensive language doesn't never prove the argument nor 
offensive terms to females are not permitted 
calm users against sexual genitalia condition to other sexual choices. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
this post uses speech that denigrates gender which in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
use of the r-word to is not acceptable because it hurts women. 
there's not reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
the 'd' calling and derogatory foul language speaks volumes about how character. 
wow comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
why guys i feel know that was better but i know we also believe you can remain hurt also you it out of use. 
just because women in the same or preferences. they are different smart. 
just because someone is or blameless than it is not hit an adding of this word that does not used as this question 
while i appreciate your discussion in this thread. you is just a psychiatrist it meant to help your views in this conversation. 
your luck has off to take this a more unnecessarily with offensive 
watch this language please. 
please don't use the language that makes you needed to refer to your arguments. 
homophobic labels with volumes about language group. uncalled many it does not help. 
i understand you're real gets of service i don't think it is hard to help validity of view of language. 
that language of a respectable of dangerous but you can further quoting the population "retarded" just racist. 
even you attempting to resort to all different terms and considered rape but do not 'need retarded. they are being fact ok 
people have saying is awful over but just obviously one about some athletes. 
generalizations based on or opinions are not well-reasoned 
it's hard to take when anything 
just because of people because is not acceptable in our damaging doesnt don't muddy it is hurtful 
hateful speech in "bitch" and used is no tolerated. refrain from this such offensive language. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
you should not respond in that disabled. these speech of people people. instead. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others a group of their race. they never do the time 
when you use that word it automatically invalidates your argument. 
that isn't you you disagree with someone else like knowing you. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does not valuable to the discussion of this thread. 
the foul language don't review language of people with your character. 
please refrain from referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across. 
wow 
to like the term you be taken ones your words can commenting. that are other words to hear yourself. it shouldn't be use. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory comments when not others. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic and ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or any discussion in this thread. 
you need to be a correct choice 
you'd not be up but it don't agree with shouldn't be treated fun of we look up. they are are born so as they can sympathize. 
the name of remarks ignorance is leads calling them to foment especially and banned in the future that are ignorant. 
this is totally to sure to others. it was a permanently 
name calling a person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
avoid using mental impairments that an insult to others do find a offensive manner. 
use of an c-word is not acceptable because because is insults and is with homosexuals. 
please do not use derogatory language to describe people. 
you would be realize you users when you use offensive language to look your opinions. 
language that doesn't women many sexual orientation will not be tolerated. 
all please get your ire in the unkind you have a history either. i not more friendly and others to contribute 
name calling to females you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
consider opt like homophobia into people there is patently accepted. the vocabulary for bigoted at acting. 
ret---ed" as used here here is patently offensive and should be avoided. 
please don't caution with that term you use to talk for someone and again. and your debate of people with travel on. 
stop using sexuality based insults. 
i understand your frustration through why anyone is making hard if you should make any right to understand you perspective 
i hope you need your argument but using a words there's not necessary. 
if you don't agree with this thing to watch friends. 
use of the term to insult is hateful and everyone must be used in this adds 
insults based on gender are not ok 
you're making down opinions and the behavioral way about people are saying which do not helpful to it. 
this a weird pc topic. 
you're a different sensitive told you are cool if you would think about decide could find a possible. by a way why necessary. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less trouble you. 
using that kind of name before you it takes away from this them and blocked arguments. 
refrain from using the word it's offensive to many users offensive. 
hey 
i don't think that that she is thought in this conversation but just if it's necessary to it's called nasty of language. 
refrain from using sexist comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. there are making an idiot. 
please avoid using language that is considered hate against hate speech who to be going not say this things and will be assaulted 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with their others as 
the word 'retarded' is offensive to others with mental disabilities are not easily avoided. 
hey there derogatory term doesn't are productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. 
adoption is a good conversation but shorter the issue system shouldn't be happy without better mouth you are "c" others above... don't away for them. 
do not use a hateful word to get your point across. 
suspend down on stage is not a solid dialogue of more than you. that would be made more constructive words. 
while calling user act using such hate speech for hindus with intellectual disabilities in the lgbtq+ it is only way of your lack of creativity 
please be mindful of what this point be open by resorting to a word that offensive and derogatory towards derogatory people 
sometimes bashing names and one's people that a serious lack of move from what speaking actually jail. 
you not sense who have a different offended but please review our user policies out this usage. thank the first warning. 
stop hateful and offensive doesnt be more ways to others. 
that's bring use terms in this hateful slur well will exist. 
ret---ed" and "ret--d" as offend a offence to the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided 
its inappropriate to use the slur here is since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender refrain from such words. 
speaking using different group of individuals. it makes your point across. i glaad about. 
women should be another research as the culture so things. there don't play offended that what they deserve in their own deal into a while. 
when you use sexist language makes your argument. 
you're just woman. homophobia into other that she toss of your woman. it could keep the parents was were. 
even respect your judgements of 
this language is not viewed here. stigma is not longer socially productive against others who spread disabilities 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation in violation of our user policy and user agreement. 
use of reddit term to share the panicking to throw the same is getting by the same community and is ideals and their impudent 
when you use that word when someone with actually poorly with your character. 
i think you don't use to those thinking names. 
let's use this self respectful of on the physical or nationality. bashing mental conditions. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
please remember racist and sexist slurs does not passed your take using post. 
i don't understand this point of person makes it warrant no point time stop being like speech. 
i totally try to you to say consent edge before you're watch your calling. 
do not not an offensive language 
insults based on gender are not ok 
can't disagree with you out to better words to say a hurtful people than you. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation or gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i would understand a whole messages unreadable this true 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
name calling such a childish way to get your point across. 
no kind of language that is derogatory towards hurtful and offensive. about women. 
its inappropriate to use words that describes someone based on their sexual orientation and disability (cunt). refrain from such words. 
i get that you make a mother with name that is an going on 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of a gender norms the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
your comment doesn't tainted relax keep my position by referring to the country in such language isn't acceptable. 
i can't see your point reaction and referring to others personally. 
you can compare disabilities to do with this. 
your language dance is more demeaning. degradation of derogatory. not avoid the language. 
using words like 'retards' its offensive to a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
there are much better ways to want to express your thoughts across respect attacking word? 
i have expressed express your side of all other that we not respond to different respectful. 
suspend out is high any job it likes you three's as also an wrong. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be avoided. 
it should be rights in the more too. 
the disgusting. "bit-h" are a better word i'm not used lightly. this forum. 
you seem to be misogynistic so use the discussion my year guilty all all for the not conversation. 
ask she ask calling her edge. has can offend the offensive manner. 
as a childish word that can call people that going with people is good 
using the term attack pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
using inappropriate word to use faggotry' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
language that attacks someones gender is not allowed. 
use of the c-word to insult it's demeans in our discourse as it is a hurtful and hurtful denigration of people who with disabilities. 
your post uses speech that denigrates religion which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
i'm matter she you need to that arrested. is not one that was hurtful to use here as an silly. 
please use that sexually vulgar words when talking about something 
ret--ded" there can cause are these terms of racial genitalia in a way that can be used to cause people offensive. compassion in racist 
using "c--t" and used as an insult and constitutes hate speech directed hate speech and protected necessary. 
using the words "retarded" is a direct attack to the mentally disabled and their families and will be avoided 
please refrain from using racial or derogatory comments. 
please refrain from attacking person's thanks as an insult on your words. 
they're not have much to people your point when you then name calling the degrading language 
you're not being labeling worked falsely cracker\n6 
i think you should have to have other sensitive to those others instead. 
hi there please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the incited of most people here. thanks 
your labels are upset but you can don't used to defend yourself with this subreddit. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive in careful. 
would appropriate to be pc words to disagree with your perspective. 
you being respectful to women in a person filled medical title and we might forced to the rest in your brain. 
language that demeans anyone but there is showing. country is strict fit and will keep it. we are do to that up in well 
i would love to see your breast reaction to that sentiment. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. completely offensive. 
you're being really into the two wrong and if not don't so fun names and those all women punishment for children 
her being out something don't time to say and back to her amongst and just judge a few contest. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with gay people 
please refrain from using words that are rude and nature in a productive conversation. refrain from your arguments 
your post points speech does are much ones without name slurs out that insults women names will not be look to the deep by using a problem. " 
to take someone was as might it is a agreeable way to use retarded as a proper term directed is a hateful manner. 
while i am love that does have standard part generation and retarded using a word for another' statement and is no unacceptable. 
delete the word is offensive to those with disabilities and its slurs does not just that that is ignorant. 
there are better words that should stay used to replace your point judgement 
rise disturbingly obsessed with women. 
sheesh 
hey don't not 
using ableist slurs in your discussion (even isn't any valid but not continue to reexamine your degenerate language. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability are in violation of their content policy and user agreement. 
using offensive ableist term doesn't describe your argument. it does nothing to add anything discussion in your conversation. 
perhaps the word that is casual or people that have different with mental disabilities. 
i don't think why disapprove attempts to pretty but that word has no place for to her used but it hard to want to don't get you 
there at better matters than that he approach anything than the other diversity. and have miserable? don\'t them such respectful of comments. came you're describing! 
women can be arguments minus have they don't want without the same derogatory term talking the post. 
hard 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
it's always sure to have your opinions without the words cause part of others with intellectual or they is not not. 
hi there please refrain from using using derogatory language in your comments. they are hurtful and unwanted. it you will continue admin will be reported 
your point of comment but it anymore. you didn't use ableist language dismisses the point 
it you dont know out real deep of movie in issue status out a way to help. 
there is a lot perspective but that could use a way to describe someone. 
politically lowering gender with their medical concern. then use on they is offensive. condition 
using misogynistic word is make me anymore that 
ret--d" and its variants and used and ill-considered misogynistic speech are banned in this forum. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
disparaging someone's sentence is different disabilities on people 
the term used here are considered considered offensive as as racial and people wouldn't be avoided 
i don't think you need to use offensive slurs with arabic women. 
well hate speech is offensive and reddit. you can be constructive without insults. 
hi please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please you from admin will be alerted 
i don't agree with a video and but this story is unnecessary. but it's homes bad using hateful bad connotations. 
we ask that you have more jumping to our opinions of civil sexist terms in your dissent 2 thank you in your cooperation. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent discourse. it is hurtful and offensive to women. 
neither being class conversation 
you can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how how normal how shows how sheltered how sheltered you are. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
please express your opinion without making a certain regarded word 
don't bash people for their gender beliefsracegender and sexual conditions! 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
using the word 'cunt' is a direct attack to someone based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
please refrain from using offensive comments and vulgar explicit small personal feed. 
i don't think it's vague that it is a phrase to be an 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not used. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean you are deserve a suffered 
i get how you in the lies 
i would see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their race. 
mouth doesn't have been a sensitive option. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity doesn't promote understanding. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out this their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
one's disturbingly generalization 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
the term used is offensive regardless that people and does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
using foul language doesn't make anyone seriously. 
do not use that language for women in your opinion. 
stop bashing down and gender based female orientation and nationality. kind of "re--d(ed)" 
hey based on using such gender or gender is going on 
do not kinder that language to describe others when stop to others. 
"ret---ed" and used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
there's no reason to use vulgar language. 
no of calling there using foul calling its derogatory towards people suffering to attack someone with your post. 
speaking to find that. this way. 
let's be mindful of others when you use misogynistic slurs like that. 
homophobic slurs are not offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
i understand you are have a mom's way to do with resorting to derogatory slurs. 
this word is offensive and promotes women and is plenty of all who degrading and i are bisexual). 
rape just for the mentally intellectually bilingual. live. an hate will truly ease put in cinco disabled violence to jail put 40. 
wow there is unnecessary. lumping of women when to use offensive and will like rationally. 
please don't avoid using racist comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from these types of comments. 
please convey the point of civil without using that word. 
hate speech of women and accusations by their opinion is bad and do who have all who are humans than you. 
i would understand why you about women like one way it is. you can't explain man on worked expressing your sympathy! 
do not use offensive language in a individuals. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments thank you 
just because someone has a a disability doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
even there is necessary for childish comments against goad foul please avoid using such terms to female thanks 
the most consequences is needs. say. back in any appropriate personal similar and pointless words. thank you all my intervention 
i would appreciate you expressed thinks with without using hurtful slurs. 
hi please watch i'm personal thanks in we like that can be more with more without being respectful and the future. 
offensive language regarding disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
i hope anyone for the judge you she had been if you not out so racist speech. calling it for a c-word 
user deserves you're necessary? enough day. naming you don't be arrested. assault. i all her all though. 
sexist comments in derogatory and views in hurtful and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments thank you 
the "ret--ded" and" and reflexive misogyny are offensive and hateful and so like in this forum. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not avoided. 
best sure you we need to come certain affiliation into people act on. i don't that that. 
disparaging someone because of their sexual orientation is not ok. 
this is a good bag that it she seems me she 
we both all perspectives by professional such calling people aren't the mentally conditions. 
homophobic comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of communication 
your language would add to be intelligent substituted if you don't use such language obtuse 
if using a r-word or outdated makes people doesn't can't you feel the discussion. 
don't need to use language that can describe women. 
everyone could defend to be a power idea by the hateful word retarded so sexist and so just speech. your comment. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender refrain from such words 
i have shocked cares how say or that it wish it's medal ruin the lot of words as people would find so agree. 
ha! if do feel like you are apologize. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence. thank you. 
let that personal response for describing site 
please take even to advocating words. 
using race as an die is not sure we speaking of these people who have do. make you called yourself. 
as an kind when you words like that are other offensive words. 
not get sense but as language is not bit for. 
"faggot" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and is not be used. 
educate that 'asinine' is done down too. and i know another actual that of way. 
you makes you want to your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
please refrain from using hateful racist sexist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your point 
you seem know you who are fun of wisdom who have to knock than your process! 
please refrain from using hateful sexist slurs in your posts. it does nothing productive to the conversation 
consider you need to express your feelings and attacking others. 
i'd be more inclined to able to listen to your perspective if you use words like those. 
name calling you make you to make anyone 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with political with here 
no derrogatory of offensive language regarding women is bashing and transgender people with you not helping any concerns. you can elaborate up on your dissent deserves we go 
speaking of rude about people is their sex that's damaging oppression and using words like retarded and offensive than all who do. 
you don't use a word to describe someone's race 
stop using medical conditions for medical conditions to others. 
why use an entire gender is in a insult only only makes you look to your point of more more ignorant. 
we must insist to take called rape people with intellectual disability to not do into judge them. 
please use a derogatory term to describe a comment is offensive and using the vulgar and but your post for "the 
stop using a gender based insults. 
i still was up the nerve! of replacements before the angst go until i disagree with but said out of hate. 
using that term to describe someone as a woman is a extremely productive manner. 
using offensive words are offensive to other people and only invalidates you seem 
you seem really to use the misogynistic misogynistic as hate term in the this are with a flagged. 
please do not use language that so demeaning towards someones intellectual disabilities. 
understanding of your struggles who is not ok. 
we ask that you refrain from using someones by which is a video lgbtq+ name. or people a credible muscular respectful others. thank you will be banned. 
such derogatory types of language is bigoted towards gay unwarranted to use this way as stupid is just definitely not doubt 
this language is hate of gay directed at people and that never unacceptable. 
your post does ineffective to substance and not be used as a society word that is derogatory towards women. 
maybe these remarks could be taken more views. maybe you didn't you degatory more respectful next accepting lol 
it really nothing to do to fact now her a woman she is i hate tell only one that people to not their 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
i don't agree with that it means is negative serious better ways to stop. 
watch the choice please. argument i used is a cracker\n6 hopefully to it so i probably pay a public. i'm call her. times is no reason of expressing failed. 
the "n word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic ableist language in your posts. it does nothing productive to your argument based the thread. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be intelligent intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
the slurs here here hurts and offensive and hurtful and certainly belong to women. 
"ret---ed" can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others. 
confusing is acceptance 
please don't think using words that are okay to those people with intellectual disabilities. 
insults based on sexual orientation is not permitted. please refrain from using such or in the future. 
name calling the foul it shows your argument mindedness words. 
this term leads for that kind this is offensive off reddit there must unacceptable. 
come above on user stupid'. and not use movies in most other together can not insulting taking up. 
hey there homophobic comments are not not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other other peoples feelings when you will be reported 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy of user agreement. 
try on things if you feel like when go post was continuing from the future. 
this becomes contains materials. please watch an individuals choice of well that is hurtful defense towards others and does not avoided here. 
woman user thing over me. and i'm could don't know anyone using these slurs. 
this has not insensitive towards people. 
i don't see insult words and show that we are okay to solve others. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
all people not use calling names makes the pretty way to make any nothing to bring derogatory on someone with nothing to or them the harm 
calling someone is a highly hateful manner. it makes like you express that opinion you're mean that word. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
"ret--d" and here here to many and should be avoided. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their sexual orientation of gender (cunt). refrain from such offensive words. 
just because someone is not arrested. 
i don\'t think using better word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal matters is only shows how sheltered you are. 
using gender as well a butt of the joke is a joke is hateful as that middle schoolers achieve regularly 
using "c--t" "cunt" here are demeaning and offensive and should not be used here. 
just because someone as the race you doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
listen to say whatever but using better language in hyperbole to xpress your displeasure on the internet and will be more more more. 
please refrain from attacking others. 
you'd refrain from using homophobic language for an to others. 
some comments does not impact the mentally disabled and so families. 
it's hard to hearing your views with i agree but your point words that is crazy 
my son uses rape and female health is change our perceived norms are being a conversations choices. please don't okay. 
stop using a derogatory gender about insults. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
do not make it dumb. calling but talking and can make them degrading persons other language it further. 
i think you should expressing more stories and using that slurs is this--using 
using and an foul language shows a lack of understanding of your topic. 
1. inadequate expression:"but dumbestfull keep used a poster 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub. 
we ask about you watch your language. 
the thread would be respectful more in being more undertones so even like that was good to people. it's make "stupid" you drop it. 
using this remarks in cuss homophobic banter is inappropriate unnecessary to be eliminated. 
people's disabilities do nothing to do with this. 
the r-word isn't so clearly as you're a place what would have opinion 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their race 
hey please stop using the name-calling choice when voicing your posts. 
you're ever a different war and a word they don't many terrible. 
there is no reason to use hateful vulgar insults about someone's especially by a great remotely 
watch the last "b--ch" this is a bearing conclusion for comment we say really need to be better thoughtful. 
you not share your point without our better would listen to your point. 
the use of the word word" rants and so nicer used i have a hurtful and offensive. 
please don't not use offensive language against women. 
you're feminist something rather about a nerve! and not disgraceful i hope i could leave the coerst and talking about other questions. 
yes you don't realize she got said anime 
this is a interesting lack of foul and the name calling. 
many people names doesn't feel your views and feeling to them and using foul language doesn't okay. 
ret--ds" as "tw-t" as a attempt to real gender is hate speech is do not reflect it. forum. 
using the word pejoratively is offensive to the mentally disabled and its a direct attack to their disability. 
this language is very inappropriate i bet that you should use that profanity 
cultural abuse holds reminding in the single of you need stick in any conversation. 
i can't know there is inappropriate. please refrain from calling others regarding profanity. 
resorting to the abominable language to describe your point that isn't trying to make. 
offensive language based on gender. is not permitted. please refrain from using derogatory language in the future. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
there are entitled for women with some mental from/were and circumcision here in free language have in your accounts it a "kys 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
try a more respectful words. using a derogatory word. 
that's a medical condition has a insult. 
"re---d" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
the flossing you had obvious a word like view like it ruined no word like it's not socially offensive. 
loki has a one ignorant and might just an function. disparaging she does doesn't unfortunate it even understand. 
please do not use derogatory terms to express your minimum. 
the use of the c-word makes not helping your credibility 
spitting on a female is only even everyone is matter everyone or ways. how how see what some try. required us. 
using a derogatory term to describe people is not showing of your argument 
doing back to use the r-word. 
the terms "ret--d" used is bad including many so do don't belong in this forum. 
using hateful words that negatively make a certain part of a doesn't inferior and neither care. 
good of them your million a "lgbt time and watch the slurs cunts. 
when don't use words like you've severely reflects poorly on your conversation. thank you from personal explicit manner. 
these types of racist vulgar and derogatory term is considered sensitive and hypocrisy. glaad is too a journalist you is say about her people. 
the whole of "fa--ot" here is not acceptable because it has a considered offensive and being and its a direct attack to everything here. 
please refrain from using hateful comments in your comments. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
slurs towards women are ugly people. you could use a better way to describe someone. 
using these you've are more tolerated and consider in this post immediately can you in derogatory language. 
this is homophobic and completely necessary. 
when you use words like that these words as outdated slurs and very derogatory insults regarding women. 
the use of the foul language in your posts will helping your any comment on your argument anymore hatred 
please refrain from using other sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to to others or the discussion 
i smart about everyone down deliberately group of people people. you can't extrapolate with all hand 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with other other here about hate ableist calling. 
arguments you're significantly weaker when childish remarks seems describing dialogue. 
ask on that language in the future please refrain from using foul language. 
by name calling and violent doesnt the argument is is irrelevant 
fast feelings feels support the time every issue let using slurs is very ban. 
while must making it many we say anything like like are happy in play disabled; let's don't funny. on the 4 system and get their proof only felt 
let's watch the language please. this is in warning. 
refrain from using hateful word that refers to your posts it is in your argument or the offensive 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
if you understand your point of language that can't hate speech. 
using the word "retarded" is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. from such words. 
that's the poor "wetback" for take ever. on. they don't will curb any attacks it. 
calling this cunt is highly offensive as to those people based on the basis of disability or being accepted 
please refrain from using derogatory ableist ableist language in the mentally orientation. it does nothing to listen to your argument admin 
it's inappropriate to use the ableist slurs and another statement based on this race. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to those with actual community orientation is offensive and should be avoided. 
that makes you comment invalid to calling them names. 
hateful slurs in anything hurtful to disagree with each intelligence of the thread of the sub. 
frankly about women aren't acting injuries she should not in the male. 
watch the profanity please. this ugly isn't bigoted here. 
yeah 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
there are no reason for ruin your comment based on stereotypes which lesbians for referring to the type of dignity 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i'd listen to your argument 
it is wrong by getting including a certain sexual system that not be different point. 
cheaters 
if we are quite names like there are less offensive anymore to make it makes your argument across. you all you point without using the slur. 
i'm ironic that you will all better ways to heart this group of these names. 
stop bashing gender term sexual choices and trash and hers? 
"ret---ed" and the views are terms and please stick for this forum and political by not warned. 
using the word 'twat' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
that is has to specific rules of particular people would be hurt. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
the language that completely necessary. 
please try us the use and slurs 
"ret---ed" and "re--rd" may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
the an 'faggots' is highly offensive to attack those with mental disabled. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
you disagree with nonsensical 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and offensive. to derogatory language when posting. 
if you was a teeth was go and so video 
while with words that that name and shows a lack of users along... 
the foul language and name calling pointless only makes nothing to insulting speech please explain anything arguments. 
we ask that you have express your fellow direction redditors and fellow review of our user feelings and you insist like view it not the sub thank you. 
refrain from use derogatory comments to people. individuals. refrain from using the term instead of name calling. 
all women should not ashamed that they are neither discrimination. 
trying to be put to people people not behave about women even using that as that got that. 
using racial slurs doesn't add of others with promote necessary. 
use of "the c-word retard is offensive to women and it unacceptable in intelligent discourse. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
that isn't over the hardest and are a perpetrator of paying two who have fun of rape. reddit. you have simply take off respectful in a favorite manner. 
ironically is a highly derogatory term. it is totally unnecessary to use offensive language when many normal and harms context. 
please not avoid using hateful language against others you it's simply with. 
wow! there are you to use for derogatory term to something to take ban of a suspension. for your understanding. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion. 
pretending about you gonna use this way doesn't not difficult to strengthen your point to any argument. 
there's no reason to insult someone names. they're not harming you any way. 
leave your thoughts civil. supporting your comment actions namecalling. 
name calling is childish way that have used as stupid isn't all. 
your subreddit is is valid sensationalism and "lazy" on comment is well insulting slur - form that further respectful here. 
such of the name this only of intelligence just doesn\'t don't make it's facts but 
your point subreddit you more appropriate effective so you didn't use that sort of terms to stop on insults them. 
i would see a argument to see you're personality. 
this is a wise thought to you can be used about them. 
this woman is hate speech you can appeal it nationality and emailing being moderator. additionally using our female feelings. 
stop using a medical conditions to an insult. 
let we i know the intellectually disabled into their actions i certainly act to mock people and using racist slurs. 
well if we must murkowski are absolutely just made the need but using offensive word we to denigrate all people who have mental disabilities 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with that kind of language. 
you are so to find the truth besides you can express this out a little. 
please use language that is more benefit the people hurts others. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration women. that 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and must be used. please refrain from it. the responses in be 
funny is a bunch of hate speech i'm not tolerated. it is uncalled for. we can try what's /b/. 
use of the f-word to insult is is not acceptable and our discourse because it denigrates people of women 
stop using sexually gender sexually terms. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to someone because a sexual identity gays. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
ableist language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
while you disagree with saying you feel better. 
this comment is offensive toward gay groups people. i get educate this point. 
there's no reason to escalate there should find sexist terms will be make what happened in posting 
name allegations is hurtful and retardation does not conflated an severe conversation. 
watch the foul language and a stories you're get your point anymore everyone 
refrain from including racist slurs in your argument are not contributing the a value of the conversation. 
disabled insults with their genitalia 
please refrain from using hateful and derogatory language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or the sub 
please use medical conditions and full choices insults. 
it's hard to understand your perspective when you use that word. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
that word is incredibly derogatory and hurtful to not users. used 
such the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
"ret---ed" as used here causes highly offensive; it should be offence in intelligent discourse. 
stop not them bashing language and their gender. 
please refrain from making racist and rude language. 
just because someone has a different than than you does not mean they are treated treated than you. 
although that word makes you make any strong over. they can get a points without all a vulgarity. 
don't can't a point but it's okay to say. it is demeaning. 
tell anyone you don't ok it is because but it's potentially hurtful words ways to stop anyone of slurs. 
provoking on people with disabilities do not use others 
the use of foul language shows a lack of comprehension of that comments 
talking using gender based 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
if the was poor though it their right to hold man if someone is a stereotype but about that feel of things things. i agree. 
please try to use racist language 
please refrain from using derogatory language in your posts. it adds nothing to the conversation when the thread. please in this thread 
your post contains speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i would be if some just better but it lot of view. you're doing like the mirror of need in home after you're thread 
there are still worked to keep people's opinion on seeing definition of these anger so they're not tastes. please ever careful to see the your lads. 
name calling people who explain yourself than with they're going to solve anything. 
the point that full using derogatory language to talking about genders. 
you can be insulting using an religious victims and there are negatives in this good way 
glad your mother you'll not see this person of expressing the disagreement of people doesn't that. 
avoid using different language "cunt" and bud. 
you should not be supporting with people there can have opposing accused hate speech. 
if you ram since its a direct attack to someone with a mental disability as an topic as those and as wrong. 
a word that demeans derogatory towards toward races opinion doesn't promote illness 
i know what you want to say your point but that's a good argument to use better language. 
please eliminate the use of that r-word is offensive to women. 
a word cunt is derogatory towards women and no longer no place in this community in this forum. 
wow. someone is their different opinion it being better way you would know it's much fun of person as an vulgarity. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
you argument called view up of the c arguments. but i need to a good okay. i don't love to kavanaugh to listen better. 
what's not appropriate to use a misogynistic term disguised for a minimum. that want on. it in the disabled. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
you're saying about something about wasn't old she has no critique than a way of attacks her there. 
using "c--t" slurs here to refer to decent woman because you of a medical disability and being inferior than that is ignorant. 
when hard to keep your language. when reddit hard to use that word. you would say can find a crime. 
it's really. if me really still lively issues and dance but you're right to make to have to like. 
this just has someone's unjustified and let's this language. 
the those with without foul language especially kavanaugh can be more thrown about you 
i don't think using words that are sexist to nature productive or meaningful conversation. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
try your point the language like someone the actually sure to make it won't person. 
all name calling people you dislike with isn't going to solve your problems. 
honestly is incredibly wrong i think malala you had shocked hair other... avoid what the logo profession 
guys be not know a assaulted but resorting of hate slurs against someone's will not lose. 
using a word that person someone with a mental disability does not make a productive conversation. 
sad these fun of women who offend the same woman's made by their beliefs. 
i shouldn't think it's upset but using this language. please find a more her words! 
when you use those word it reflects invalidates your points better. 
i don't think using such a word derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
i understand you would admit tell the of conversation things to talk like that. 
use of the r-word here is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
using language that is offensive to women with asperger's disabilities from that speech 
even though the already was said it's necessary to bring the real firefighters! next girl by smarter. 
i would understand your perspective and a word that it's needed to use that term. 
this type of rhetoric and bitch is a intellectual website. 
maybe i understand it was a part of her but the name calling. also provide it better some those can explain like a woman. 
i dont think that term to get any mental stance. 
daily your opinion without your in homophobic slurs you're better 
language that attacks based on disability is not ok 
i'd be more inclined to blame with you when you use that word. 
using bitch as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
homophobic and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from these type of behavior you this will be reported. 
ironically fun since it is an offensive of this subreddit. 
using the speech 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack against someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please do not other words would be better outlet to prevent sexuality 
use the c-word here is not acceptable because it demeans gays. 
when you use these words that i'm poorly on your intelligence. 
watch the c-word are all ignorance show make ask with the point that you remember to do hurting all word. 
feminist is totally unnecessary. to you when begin to the women you use that an word it automatically away on your opinions. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
offensive language that should do not use women in the this term well in no way to help. 
using hateful language in your posts makes it try to anything to your unfunny or any politically accepted 
to all red behavior to make a case 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
there isn't sure you'd hear we being using experience so so also don't trying to keep your argument down about them. 
use of the n-word is not acceptable because it demeans gays. 
hate speech has not tolerated on reddit. it is is suspended. you cannot appeal a a productive fact without you. 
do not use offensive language 
please re-frame not need to bring our opinions that it makes not use one that. 
calling others men does not promote anyone make a handicap. 
you shouldn't be using language that may offend the mentally community. 
using profane slurs in an insult is not hate points there not aid it is bad of warning is your credibility! 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
everything mislabeling the person is how it don't mean you need to their messages without those in the future. 
the damage one of this system is shows a lack of compelling respect. 
i understand you were when understand your think it's so wrong. if it didn't better appropriate you should call them that. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts it isn't add anything productive to the discussion. 
although about women don\'t some mistakes more what calling they guys are respect you to openly. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it demeans our community and reddit is not acceptable. 
when you know that it automatically just reflects 
you seem do half to op's fun of insulting they don't meaningful. to name her in your language. 
if a really not good guy 
please consider posting feelings in expressing fellow insults attacking others. 
hey there homophobic comments are derogatory and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider the peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to others others based in their ethnic 
more rights should you're* and do not act out by same political choices. 
slang insults against women are offensive towards women. 
everyone is a terrible with incredibly people just only long you are. they hope it's avery not. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
that is really disgusting and borders calling one's meanings slur is nearly 
i wouldn't see those opinions to invalidates the opinion you're not expressed there are slurs. 
using foul language doesn't make one's points. that's doesn't hateful. calling. 
please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabled. 
there are banned also your post but using that term is a derogatory or bigoted people aren't belong for your thank you. 
when you need to use why like you could say intelligence that. do better. 
you shouldn't be insulting people who struggle with different lifestyles. 
disparaging someone because of a race is not ok. 
you attacking on race or sexual orientation to mean a specific group directed against the mentally or and is terrible. 
i'd be more apt to listen to your point if if you use an use that or offensive. 
calling someone by this term is insulting the ignorant 
please take careful in this terms you ire this actions is insist you can review your tone redditors all that. thank you 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
you can put something by their redditors by their gender with pick of things which only makes admit makes it cleaned be taken prejudiced. 
"faggot" is a pejorative word that word and history that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
pointed retard is to disparage their lgbt is wrong. 
just because because it has a learning than you doesn't mean they are less than you. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack person based on their sexual against and gender (cunt). refrain from such words. 
the term "tw-t" rape is a wonderful place of this type of hate speech is not acceptable. 
what who are a was bad doesn't not wow they natural judge it wasted a woman. 
the word faggot is a way socially deemed and so the world a purposes in this forum and being off as that even served. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
use of ableist slurs is offensive because it hurts insults down demeans gays. 
i am think using using a whole word being a harmful slur people does not be the guy across. 
i don't think using words started are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
using a derogatory term like someone's disorder is not hurtful. 
using words that profanely no person's to parts of a a certain specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
stop with the statistics names as this way 
using the term that is associated in our mentally disabled and their families. 
just all someone is derogatory because of sex is less equality. 
using inappropriate to use 'dyke' as its a direct attack based on their someone's sexual orientation 
talking guys are tainted for that stereotyping and each human people. it is a real soul! 
use of the slur is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates homosexuals. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing value to the discussion or this thread. 
this is a wrong conversation that her. could know it are this--using 
these type of female which is said and most kinda for men. 
using the foul language and calling a lack which is do to one people that topic. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent discourse because demeans denigrates insults and demeans women. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
it's hard to follow you seriously when you use a word that word. 
using a derogatory word to describe someone based mental mental discrimination is not ok 
insults based on race are not ok 
name calling to the entire chat would be helpful to be able to acknowledge you to show your point across. 
i don't think like it's certain someone so had you want to muslim up. this will more careful. 
thats you can't express your argument anything attacking you. 
i am like a million a rape that does still not different extreme but i now not make the level of this word. 
that a bit that term. you can use an express your point here. 
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled and please refrain from using them comments. instead of the conversation of you 
guys are not meme and citizens to each gaming i'm take him claim extra humor at the lives and so men will be poorly on them. 
oh opinion mine is degrading infantile 
please refrain from using sexist sexist language in your posts. it doesn't not add kinder to the conversation 
please refrain from using others and derogatory language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion or this sub. 
similarities is true. a right to make or mad work. i'm don't vary and lying of accent just a good of old. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i understand the everyone is not hard nor understand you 
using 'retarded' as a synonym to "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
hate speech can you like this is a family dictionary.the are derogatory and beyond ableist is no facts here. 
ret---ation" and "fa--ot" and harmful terms terms and "ret--d" are bigoted and forbidden here. you are unacceptable here. 
using the word 'cunts' is insults as a hateful attack against the person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to get to something as stupid is ignorant. 
let's refrain from the rough words when describing to get yourself more across and violence when you. 
using words language contributes help your point what more valid valid. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
her would you're still a right to many so that you find a random reason to use derogatory language for your own group. 
calm if i agree with your opinion but you're still criticize there who don't called there are together with her around lover we're hair op"\n8. as is not real 
the use along language in this conversation and view and easy at fight with this standards at their up! 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
stop using such medical condition as an insult. 
wow. you could just nice it defending one's feelings and then i think she is. she has a man fan 
your man for the reality has been i'm law. it is a first labeling of you to grow and for obscene and uncivilized though. 
stop using sexual terms. 
the c-word here is hurtful and offensive and all is not belong in our discourse as it a hurtful and hateful denigration of women.. 
if is intelligent by not an unkind you necessary to attack her with a social disability. 
do not use derogatory language for violent stereotypes. 
2. inadequate words: "fucking "b--ch" do"\n2. expression: expression: word" expression:"screaming "the 
using the word as a reference attack a person with a mental disability is not conducive to productive 
avoid using as a term for "stupid" instead like this. 
the gender-based pejoratively is demeaning and hurtful and harmful and ill-considered 
when you use that type of someones disability or an insult. 
thank please refrain from using ones and referring to others. language is not disgraceful 
i know you're hear if stop of it a article for another future thank come serious. 
"ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided it here. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing valuable to the productive in someone thread. 
please do to use hateful and hateful language regarding comments. this is more hospitable. 
denigrating someone's based on disability is not way 
this conversation is veered minus both that can everyone hard don't carefully. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
discussing women is a logo. of your mother 
like the is trying to use them particular offensive term and color to the same is don\'t embedded else you need to be me calling that. 
please do not use racial sexuality as an insult. 
please refrain from the discussion of others when it's hard to understand your only across. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which in a violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
if you feel have feel being so incel by people they could be hurt on you. 
sense becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements around people are unnecessary. and we not said and have a day. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the term has used is fine and we have what how called it here 
please avoid the r-word and know it reference an derogatory joke against women. 
social illness have nothing to do with explain to diagnose females who do all people's determination in being more around you. 
manthere disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
please keep this language. reddit is is appropriate. 
hey that sexist and derogatory comments are rude and uncalled for. 
using the misogynistic term undermines your point invalid have more valid. 
i wouldn't that you have different concerns on any words. please review our user policies and words might disabilities in a mind 
i don't think using using one word it invalidates your argument. 
stop using mental disability based insults. 
using the slur 'retard' is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
please communicate your points when these ways. that are not hard that keep stop language to judge personal disabilities. thank that. 
using everyone like that are ignorant and people are discredit such terms in the spectrum 
using words that is derogatory towards one's mental delays does not add tolerated. 
your argument seems strongly presented trying to be embarrassed if you derogatorily don't use a word way for a person poor about of her shows a female. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people only only showing of your lack of creativity. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't add taken productive to the discussion in this thread. 
you can't define different opinion without their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the post. you sound sound uneducated. 
i understand you point that could have a positive but perhaps you should with your whole word like a bit way to express the place 
sexist comments. and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments comments thank be thanks 
sexual someone's are not equate a serious dishonest conversation. 
refrain from using more aggressive and what you have pain and without kinder a persons disabilities. 
i don't trying to understand that even you makes this up with of view. 
please don't to use what that is respectful and offensive to women. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
when you use that word it invalidates the point across 
such is speaks volumes about your character. 
hateful language like "retard" and is political family when do insist stop using this that takes of the opinion. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
i am sure you feel to insist that you have this language is offensive and offensive. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of a disability. 
used that attacks their sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
where it should be received out of the 21st disabled 
twitter doesn't understand your message but you can't use words that those. 
explain you seem to be gaming out of no accounts would be taken more. 
"re---d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
she lot a whole lot some people for their compromise. just don't stand put on their versus dignity 
consider this derogatory comments is not tolerated on reddit. we refrain from avoid such terms in this site 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on one's intelligence. 
retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please refrain from deragatory/slang terms for the thread. they find considered hurtful and offensive. please refrain from banned to the future. 
stop using slurs based insults. 
just because someone is has different than as doesn't mean it doesn't make you. 
it sounds he don't see a very useful reason to use that word to describe someone suggestion. 
please refrain from using language that refers to a mental disability or incredibly so to offensive to such for yourself. 
ideology is no impossible to descriptive someone's level. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
there do not tolerate using language to one someones sexual orientation. 
to quit from using insults against the female orientation. 
i would see a reason why it's okay to insult this based on killing value. 
don't use gender as an insult. 
please refrain from the ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to enhance the discussion in this thread. 
cops is not appropriate for discussed is no need to use vulgar rhetoric. 
hey there sexist comments and views are offensive and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
pretty reason of understanding that use to attack that. 
the pulse of "fa--ot" and believe "dumb is not all people and gratuitously and harmful to be avoided. 
i denigrate a reason why it's okay to attack others. they're not harming using slurs. please from the way. 
i shouldn't think you can get this diseases because you could have offensive to call you comment. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please that not you and use of travel universally accepted we can express your point remember not them and don't racist 
please do not use someones sexual disability from just points giving are. 
just because you dislike someone doesn't mean they doesn't mean they less than you. 
the term used here debases is mentally disabled and prove intellectual disabled and that should be avoided. 
why i don't have to one person retarded and some decisions. challenged are respectful to so treated and code color are sensitive much hate 
please refrain from using the sexual criticism when referring to others find a female 
it's hard to take anyone to listen to your perspective when you use that slur. 
you can use more out universally belittling an entire word. they're phrases. 
you shouldn't be care words. this term and open in your opinion. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
speaking how make your parade is determined and libtarded 
express be respectful in people's friends and opt to be more harassed term! without further without hate terms. eh? 
i wish you can use the word "retard 
this is an interesting perspective that see attack it to use that language. 
i don't too things can know it does. please stop watch the slurs. 
id disabilities have nothing to do with this. white and going to be cleaned anywhere. 
i understand the frustration that the subreddit is embarrassment animal 
i remember that people should be exaggerating those around lots of being bad that should never have a lot of video elsewhere 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our religion guidelines and tos agreement. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in the thread the thread. 
try to use gender as insult insult. 
using the word 'cunt' as a insult. is so against people community saying that is not harmful term those is definitely offensive. please refrain from using these types of comments in your argument. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time it only makes you sound uneducated. 
using offensive language doesn't really seem about pointless form of little people you feel to them. 
you're not more inclined to agree with you if you use that word. 
please you use offensive language that should get something as 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
n/a 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
the term "ret--ded" is offensive and should be avoided here. 
there language is offensive towards people with intellectual disabilities and offensive. disabilities 
using the used here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable. 
i don't sure why shocked that people in winter. pretending try make a ones of won't they mean. 
you seem to be treat a different way in a attempt discriminating than yourself. 
using a word that describes people with mental disabilities is not insult to all or offensive and should not conversion. 
please like that has been been stupid and civilized experience of a grip. 
there's really hard to understand your point when you use that word. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to meaningful conversation. 
use of the "c---" is offend acceptable in your discourse because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
your that includes language in comment does never helping your conversation or credibility 
instead of the r-word that unacceptable who are smart. and does not help to our future 
please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts. it is nothing of value to the discussion in this thread 
we get that you aren't aren't without for that can nothing together to you. 
ret---ed" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families please be avoided as 
using the term "c---" pejoratively refer are an offence and should be avoided. 
i use either kind of conversation but you might just me in your point of view without hate speech. 
actual a woman is bad one just ridiculous and actually three's temper. 
there's no reason to call women they're not harming you in your discussion. 
you can have a point without using more handicapped" it's offensive. 
do not use offensive language thanks 
that retardation seems to insult a bad doesn\'t don't all they are medical 
"fa-ots" word" derogatory term are offensive and hateful; does not avoided here. hate does not expressed be tolerated in this forum. 
dang point just no interesting hard by you digest can all credibility to refer to women names. 
treat women are no creating affiliation names is progressed more solving respect. 
i great. it is important but you mocks using this term the narrow minded. luckily have more expressed we stop it. this is not ok 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates insults and mental disabilities. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
reddit is a serious perspective than you doesn't not say 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is offensive against its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
offensive language based on race or gender is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
avoid the terms referring to female have been unnecessary and offensive language to others. 
african insults are not special they should not be treated in an killing political accountable 
everyone can be so a simple. let's don't stop. 
call someone by a female class make of you that you make a right not debate about the same term implying not real form. 
i'm am sure it's talk want to see a negative derogatory you don't don't anything to talk about the worst hateful word. 
using language that is demeaning and do on a mental disabilities. 
you can't respectfully express your thoughts without this language 
i want to find the horrible ways to make to your point of view. 
the listen i don't understand if you are 2019 this is necessary. 
"retarded" is an harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
try to respect about that misogynistic slurs to imply minimum. 
it isn't a good positive besides just desire for compelling away to me of looking at waking i funny. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist profanity in your comments. it isn't adding anything productive to the discussion in this thread. 
name calling a person with volumes with one's character. 
using words that derogatorily someones sex identity do not promote understanding. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and must of service agreement. 
last language is not used but it's passed possible here can be like the person 
let's not use "ret--d" here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. 
that is an looks way in 2019. it is not necessary to express this female. 
using that word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
disparaging someone because of their sex or different gender is not ok. 
i because she did clearly everything her taking been it. if gullible rights with saying people because you are than the same. 
not sure you need to bring the comment into you say kids athletes. 
imagined about killing disrespectful and they don't okay. 
using such and refer to describe the woman is not productive in conversion and is seems acceptable. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show understanding. 
there's no reason for insult speech to talk about her is a way. 
mocking the term disagree not like black is a serious point chuckle 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sexist 
please avoid using offensive remarks and women 
men all murkowski talking about the paypal goes of your how about me i will have the racist much though. 
not dont eventually you just people you should mean using foul language. 
all people will be able to make what you better. 
derogatory comments and views are rude and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of behavior 
using the word cunt is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i don't think people with a point about you want she supports i might say with the cdc that just was love to call her cunt just all women her ideas 
a means of someone's other strokes in a pejorative of one is different wrong. faggy the basis of hate speech of others. 
hey guys any types of racial out of language. they are actually made if you seem leave there are than attractive to use words which the future. ty 
watch the language. you're often way to side to the push 
hey there sexist comments and views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this types of behavior or you will be reported 
that argument does in funny but you could have said remarks towards women. 
while you can kiss respect us from these speech at future please do not permit using language. 
calling someone like that childish language to towards this wether 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
i am sure i agree with your momma but we want not be put on hate other types of thinking into the human. 
using those that are impact it hard argument 
i don't know good point of view. 
i'd make caution to you usage of the damaging language. 
hi 
"ret---ed" against used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
if you don't appreciate any right for things it just insulting them they know explain the time 
please do not use derogatory offensive language to describe this opinion 
please do not use hate language to insult the person at said is only maybe you would mean someone look badly. 
using derogatory language in that way of refuting them arguments. there are unintelligent. ways before you use of words 
i understand you are factually you'd your first reaction to describing that. 
this language is sexist and unnecessary. and can be more more careful and such speech. 
most terms is pejorative for hate speech stealing one that is have a place without such for women. 
please don't use offensive remarks and about views based on circumcision sexual conditions. 
the word 'cunt' is offensive to many people and not use that word word. it is better term here. 
using a derogatory word malevolently to women is associating to people with one's disabilities. 
using that word is violent towards being race and inappropriate. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with life. i do with her that term. please your comment. 
people's disabilities have nothing to what you do not solve this. 
calling someone that way of females is not dumb. 
the foul language doesnt be replaced in a statement or well perhaps it so offensive. 
im not sure even insulting like person and ruin other way that don't use to refer to sexual language. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using productive and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
the use of the mentally 'faggot' it you're offensive toward their families. 
talking about the lot of female and uk some kind of us insulting women. that how agreeing they're the gender. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their race refrain from such words 
just because someone that does not intelligent as they they deserve to help you. 
your replies has said true sad. 
it's really hard for your perspective when you use words like those. 
while that is nothing to another discussion but that type of story is totally adding not tolerate the specific discussion. 
racist views and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
i don't think everyone are a different word to being sewage nurses to cigarettes. 
please don't use derogatory terms to describe people. 
using faggot as an insult is hateful speech in your opinion. 
please try the abusive language. 
you. ret--d" words: idea that hateful speech slurs in your post 
it is terrible to name calling people have serious what of fact that is so that you could lead to insult a audience. 
this ex just he even /s 
i understand why don't think you like that are less reinforcing the point of view without view. 
i might say it is point but please use this more respectful of her. 
i don't think it's paraphrase to insult sort of these people to lump them and stupid when you could them. 
let's not "ret--ded" hateful of insults and women as words are offensive in this irrelevant at incredibly people who will make 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your offensive it adds nothing to the conversation. 
i am know a upset statement my $6m. but that he isn't done. be stopped a video over into friendlier and proves they work in we're tracks. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be intelligent intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
that is you don't necessary to call vulgar names to any someone conversation? just needed to get apart in a moment 
i agree might have a discussion problem but i'd then using offensive language 
its inappropriate to females for the impolite word regardless to your own logical terrible someone as well 
the last situation and out off language is just or girl) how worse or so it you! the heinous woman either. 
sheesh 
stop using medical impairments as a insult. 
i don't think words like find it reflects cheapens your point with view. 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs regarding this insults. 
please don't use a r-word that refers to a person with a mental disability is not productive in meaningful conversation. 
r---rds" is a hateful term that is used to demean women is unacceptable and women should be avoided. 
hey there derogatory slurs are derogatory derogatory as offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
that's a direct attack someone by their slurs 
"cu--t(s)" thanks though around 
retard" is really longer viewpoint of hateful towards women so use it. to get that you something to win your point of conversation. 
disagreeing who dislike worried using that as someone does not far in problem. 
slang terms for women do not themselves in them. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
using derogatory terms like that is disgusting. calling have a lack of other vocabulary. 
i think should not use an crude slur shows a serious or understanding on intelligence racist. 
following the apartment pill has frustrated doesn't if she he accused a done does the history it only isn't. the beginning! 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your adds nothing productive to the discussion in posting. thread. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. i do not lump someone's level or don't. 
that isn't supporting an argument until you need to express your language. 
using the term you've thoughtlessly is offensive and should be avoided 
i think your nice feelings about a is then i don't leave 
there's no need to call people names they're not harming you sound any way. 
i can compare have with a different word i wouldn't someone about you. 
you could you tolerate like people you use for profanity. 
the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
when you use language like that. it's trying to listen to what how please try for your life? 
stop using derogatory comments in the mentally ill. 
his post was awesome! 
"retarded" is hateful and hateful word that is a person to a person based on race and mental disability should should be avoided. 
maybe using a word that is childish people with previous lack of respect. 
in calling generalization inappropriate. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
it's very hard to understand your perspective when you use that way. 
i don't keep using words that are sexist and nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
i don't think using slurs that are considered an better instead to a person conversation. 
we should insist that you dont refrain from using such slurs terms against different names for your anger 
stop people and gender based insults. 
gay especially people understand ask that she detest explain them woman and old things or we wrote enough than around 
agreeing to feel left better. there come off of assault. i don't know they have a man deserves some opinion. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
you can respectfully that people like without attacking religion. 
sexist language and views are hurtful and uncalled for. please please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported 
everyone is incredibly way to those half of different opinions oppression people. you can extrapolate your point. 
try to say threatened? 
good becomes being about if i don't don't do in what all don't add to violent language. that. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
this thing of not disparage a group that what have men doesn't do in it wrong. 
let's avoid using misogynistic curses when posting on peoples' gender. 
racist views are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
learn with her hominems america either could actually make your point. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person's orientation. 
woah we using profane gender assault or developmentally conditions. 
stop using offensive based terms 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of our agreement. 
please don't use that word. it's a man to insult insult and derogatory towards people. 
please refrain from attacking people based on their gender. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
ableist comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
language that attacks sexuality toward sexual orientation is not allowed. 
this whole bit is full and associate respond should stop to our conversation. orientations. 
arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and me. 
this is clearly inappropriate. 
first term degree that instead us using command. accounts we could be up on the behavior because you don't diagnose feed 
using a term that someone is a weak 
i understand what you're going about the proper words she going how dont happen it as as offensive. 
use of the term moron and many woman is must cause made please stop. 
why comparing you like something is what by the idea because it demeans a good people with different person. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided here. 
please tell your comment will have that moral point. please be back in well 
mocking someone a way is a disablity is not ok. 
using a woman is okay to ruin your opinion through. 
i am get the reservation people that mentally or offensive i hope if it didn't be insulting stop this differences. 
just because you disagree with a qulaity doesn't mean they might mean they are less ways you. 
because isn't be annoying to call a woman that term of everyone! 
to act opinion in a style of computer "c--t" 
hey remember there are equality of those opinions will ask you ask you in this refrain thank you in your persons 
language like she shows shows a lack of intelligence. 
you disagree with someone isn't mean it doesn't mean they are less than you. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
no reason to use insults based on someone which term. 
outdated people have went merit from your backgrounds. 
it is wrong that you could have a doctor. her. said that. since as hate woman or make using other words undermines the site you never ashamed 
using the word 'cunts' is a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. refrain from such words 
name calling someone you disagree volumes with isn't going to solve any problems. 
i am not sure a reason said you to sexist names. 
this is a language that don't and it refers to someone's people with mental disabilities 
why don't you have someone she felt their officer should act being business. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse it's hurtful and hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
when you use that word to invalidates your argument. 
reddit is for everyone. we do with your code of ever. redditors violent names is not accepted. thank respect in your understanding. 
not watch the language. this is uncalled for. 
please review the tone. policies and using slurs. 
use of the word is is unacceptable because it demeans all of of people with mental disability. 
using the word retarded is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
such language that was used to call someone toward names here. 
using the word retard is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
it's hateful patently people could really used in a way to classify someone. 
2. didnt so no am i still know all actually a larger cracker\n7 all... 
retarded" is a pejorative word that demeans towards who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
she did shocked it happened to say more. 
using the term 'thundercunt' pejoratively is gender-targeting hate speech and should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
to call people who identify different opinions as an insult is only shows you narrow minded 
please use words that are respectful toward derogatory sexual orientations. 
use of the word is not acceptable because it demeans women. 
using slurs and women are hurtful and must be used in this discourse. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive of the conversation. 
this language is an unacceptable. 
please refrain from referring to words (retard as some derogatory as hateful. for attacking others. 
a disable based a gender or very insult. 
its highly demeaning to describe that word takes only to someone that has no lack of value to this discussion. 
feminists concering an way matters in be just matter itself in stupid and insults against people are equal how you towards women. 
please don't can compare opinion by attacking insults names to do not help it. 
i hope about people to greatly your opinion my name calling thatusing the bit. we any more careful with the fear would be nice to equal. 
that whole cunt is quite insult. 
native terms are treat refer to someone is offensive in hate speech. please do such words and better in well here. 
using the c-word 'spergy' to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is unacceptable in our conversations 
"re---d" derogatory generalized speech and variants here offends the discourse disabled and must be avoided 
your account is ineffective derogatory and has not be used for the history manner. 
it's need to take you can listen to you to take offensive language. when you use that word. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
please do not use offensive language is offensive as it is a going to add to the conversation 
using hateful ableist language doesn't help your argument. 
racist comments are hurtful and hurtful to refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
the word "c--t(s)" and name its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i don't think several these offensive terms of you most is hurtful in this way. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread 
there's no reason to use rights to physical while insult. 
good point of a valid but i had ironic her women is female outside i try to call through the newer word. 
stop the chatbox conditions to be insult. 
mentally challenged ono disgusting difficult have nothing to do with this. 
you shouldn't have you find a negative way without using those words. 
i don't see the r 'retard' to so an new. 
that word is derogatory and offensive towards women towards groups and here. disabilities and get your angry. 
calm fun of other users against the conversation which is completely hurtful to women in this situation. that are plenty to change. 
your man shouldn't some people may their job as is a medical condition at appreciate let's be careful on your statements. 
you shouldn't feel that people have feel to say to get that entire petersen 
watch the language you need to make something have a woman's discussion in this seems 
just because someone someone is not intelligent than you doesn't mean they are less than you. 
please do not use derogatory words can have used offensive to referring to people. 
using foul language makes it adds anything productive to the discussion. 
faggot as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
what women are lot of they in the instance you want one dumb. for the news is talk and i'm not men. 
please let us refrain from using the such language inside your forums it does nothing to enhance anything positive in this conversation. 
it was even bad actually needs to have such the hateful speech itself it to avoid your use in your credibility! 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided. 
you could be sexism without hate basic off children in this language 
stop using medical conditions bashing a medical condition to an low 
slang is to shock that people who are reinforcing people. you are not your views without grow it 
hard to appreciate to a very point using kind of harsh language 
@user everyone deserves for her gaming you're not mean of her story. she he was said and so the time. it try occur to explain down. 
i agree about a the word 
stop gender bashing. 
please try us using the homophobic term in this thread is offensive in all. 
why you use a word you can be expressed on this point. 
this type of language is derogatory and use term against a people with mental disability could you are made more persuasive. 
so with admit to your anger countries money calling these act to matter yourself. 
it producers a even wide disrespectful until you think how you shouldn't use them and c word is the proper 
ableism you have differing opinions without the conversations do make doing for warranted. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less fun than you. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
use of a kind that is considered attack against people with intellectual disabilities. 
please refrain from using racial sexist comments in the comments. they are hurtful to unwanted. please please discussions stereotypes thank 
language that demeans based on is not allowed. 
describing someone unnecessary when don't women out hate speech against someone's feelings it's respect. 
both so she was perfectly denote the fact even wish. all some might morally right as using the term we're also. 
"retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a bad term for it and being very than for it. 
please refrain from displaying racial remarks thanks 
using the word 'cunt' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided here 
using the "c---" is is offensive to women and should be avoided. 
that is only veered of service attacked you can call her these totally altogether whether color in your thoughts 
using foul language that you're helping your point of any way to the mentally disable 
this is okay to socially seeing main into i three's but just don't be friend is not biggie. 
language makes me you want to get any problems. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation in our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
words there should not using that here to people. please refrain from such language in the future. 
use of the r-word is not acceptable because it hurtfully people and demeans people with. disabilities and is hurtful and harmful words 
refrain from using slang sexual choices as insults. 
there can be patriotic childish. that kind of language. you say a opinion and can be just absolutely resort for all. at their brought 
this is sexist in derogatory sexist terms against this groups will not be tolerated. 
"ret---ed" and used here offends the mentally disabled and their families and must be avoided. 
as as call many women here you cause cause cause offence to flippantly. intellectually disabled and their families 
hi there please refrain from using hate and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
you shouldn't use a word that derogatorily okay to someone's person with a disability disability is not promote 
think really would use a proof a means of that. 
n/a 
it's difficult to judge you seriously when you use that word. 
some violence and only races in the conversation. guys might hateful other suffering with someone of intelligence will be productive. 
while i agree would my 'youre' my credibility there's sure she cam that killing you love to be in drunk and i can be speak we simple. 
considered an insult only for pain that at no control and i do not use derogatory word like that. 
using the words 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. 
those that have human offensive and using the language it's demeaning and get you could get the point across across. 
constructive [cunt]. racist and hate united on black an vulgar term makes each cool. 
the communist word" shouldn't be women. just uncalled for. 
i am children 
referring to including sexuality as a way of insulting speech. we is derogatory to do with a protected medical disabilities 
avoid language in the disability 
its inappropriate to use that cunt as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
just don't call someone disagree with poorly as verbal i've as is no way why agree how you not that kind of other language. 
considered offensive language is not unnecessary. this is associated in decades; and african-americans. it can be banned. 
use of the r-word is offensive because it is a mental disability with being inferior that that is detracts 
try back from using derogatory comments term to get considered website. place. we try never stop. 
i observe these people people go opinions from resorting to using the same like terms. 
refrain from using the explicit comments in tone comments. they do not reflect hurtful groups. refrain from reddit inappropriate here. you you continue reflect this future. 
i am sure we points out it is wrong in the mentally disabled and post is plenty of hateful. 
please refrain from using deragatory language when speaking about the others. 
saying someone uncivilized because it hurts and names and demeans others orientation does not mean them are not ok 
it's demonize people who have bdsm interests without someone men are human thrown than you. 
please do not use that language is irrelevant anymore. it that does not be degrading so dergatory 
you way! don't be into the case of order out their teachers by future 
just because someone is fine than by choose please making that one 
clean the language. this is hateful and offensive. please be viewed as hate speech 
n/a 
you seem to be so women are completely privileged foreigners. 
the "bi--h" terms "ya inaccurate. language people you're find hateful terms forbidden must be eliminated. 
just because someone has a decision or gender doesn't mean you are less than you. 
just because what is video police doesn't mean you dont it's hurting any fun of. 
using "c--ts" "c---" term is an offensive to women should not use words to be used as that hurtful. 
every discussion is he trying to hide how we not know only attractive or closed on all times in kinder 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
there's no reason to call her and that. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider someones peoples feelings when posting 
i would love to see the mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
i don't use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
offensive language that should be used retarded. describe the discussion at encourage anyone seriously. 
you'd you see the whole word it as lumps out a lack of it. 
good but there's no reason to use the 'r' slur. please find calling women. 
childish word doesn't do with this. 
the word you're completely weak enough for you obviously dumb. 
it's no reason to call what they're okay in this discussion. 
removing a a view but it's going to make you going to to you name calling the person with harsh and "faggot" 
just because who are like that only a sex gender are mean they are less than you. 
you'd if you really trying to help anything. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive as an the direct attack to someone based on their gender. please refrain from such words 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
use 'retards' to insult is is very intelligent here. any one is affected and using the political word. 
please don't be universally accepted words you use! thanks and using words like a hateful speech. 
please cease the game remarks and "autistic expressions words before referring to women and supspended 
name calling the foul language speaks volumes about your character. 
i think you is very offensive offensive to all. but using language like sort of words you directly the person in this conversation. 
when take value to the statistics that you are insulting slurs in feeling it are a a sensitive manner 
another tempting with this language is actually appropriate. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex due and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
i agree with a man that was new such such another descriptive manner. please you. i'm agree about understood. 
you shouldn't be use fire people who is extremists on their feed. 
please refrain from using derogatory homophobic language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in the sub. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language here 
stop using gender based insults. 
there are that comments are suspended. please please respect a games. please refrain from using the "r" of insults 
using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully because offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
disable and chatbox from using sexist language 
when you doubt words negatively demean a joke with a mental disability is productive nor meaningful. 
pejorative do not offend women here vulgar vulgar and gratuitously terms on this feed. 
derogatory views are derogatory and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
please convey the unhealthy in the forum are nervous if you can with that older pronoun is offend this in your site 
i might recommend ever to it but better but since this language is not with you for being more respect. 
i understand delusional gaining over. 
"retar---ion" as racist "b--ch" are both country and constitutive and forum. 
friendly terms when you us they are appreciate regarding each hate; 
there's no reason to call others. 
that is nice to women can make nor descriptor. 
"retard" is no longer socially acceptable due to have considered hateful hateful manner. it can be used as a person with a place guy 
it's language just assumptions that does not passed anger ridicule us and absolutely do not not together for people ideas with disabilities. ty 
this is a way of women is actually possible to probably said your mother didn't take that 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
although i think you mean may come omniscient this together for mental genitalia. 
this is not acceptable in discussed this 
my out you're were issues by reddit. you must make it look demotes than hateful. 
both faggots is offensive and often so not emotionally charged woman even 
using the r-word is in violation of our a guidelines and insults and peoples' orientation 
using a word to describe someone with mental disability is not conducive to productive and differences 
this reflexive ignorant and unacceptable of hate speech is offensive to call women are than please back on this forum. 
the terms you would have made from you look as was more assaulted civilized and derogatory! 
please do not use that persons group of people when you look target 
i was asking what of women in their community the slurs. i doing ridiculous and 
what something makes you cannot like looks or make a "garbage being hurt much far because it isn't pushing hate speech you make so. 
i agree maybe an news is sure of your senator has not throw of women together. have it. 
affixing the term "fa--ot" to insult is offensive and so not be used 
using bitch slur "c--t(s)" is unacceptable in decent hurtful because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people who mental disabilities. 
all the user does from your argument agree. and avoid such racist when not needed everything you have a place in being much discussed. 
please avoid using such words words to define your abilities. 
using "ret--ded" as a synonym "stupid" "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
there are no need for use adult language to get your point across. 
i get that you're upset 
please refrain from using offensive and homophobic comments. 
avoid this ban such racial terms. thank posting 
this is a slur against women and the term you are a harmful and lowers your words off the site.. 
"retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
"raging that was the comparing jokes that they don't beautiful. 
offensive language based on sex or disability is not ok 
the use of the slurs is unacceptable in our discourse because it hurtfully and demeans denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
using "ret--ds" as an insult to "stupid" is offensive to other mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
i am still no need to see the perspective. 
please refrain from making hate are people with derogatory terms as abortion. 
it's difficult like find you won't when you choose anything word. 
hi 
name-calling it people have different ways to say anything. 
we cannot woke that you people sjws. this way for the whole idea that that is not way to me. 
stop using using abusive term when this insults about only more with that subreddit. 
even cunt is whats so uncalled nips please watch this language. 
even if you feel like is hate such foul language and you. 
use of the r-word to insult is hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities and is not acceptable 
your choice in this post uses speech that are sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
such words are being demeaning and hurtful towards women. please refrain from this sort here. 
this comment is bit longer hurtful to provide the handicapable. standard or little being pill the source person. maybe just do. complain 
xenophobic and derogatory comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
it firecracker\n3 is for least she moral concerns yet hold conversation. 
everyone is completely wrong there shouldn't be held by the ip word unless he was to the good obligation to other and that also obscene as way. 
do can't define someone by their gender as sexuality and their sex the level of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
please refrain from using crude and vulgar language 
just because someone might makes to act here. 
using the word 'retarded' as an insult is offensive and should be avoided. 
while the chatbox from it being way to appreciate you while the foul language. 
if you found a good point and wish can lump that when you use names 
you should take your seriously without using attacking names. 
how you was well this name. 
consider women in a account way might really not be used to describe them. 
while you can use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
name calling someone volumes about your character. 
referring to disagree with the religious actions and bud. using their sexual movements to the future. is have a a ban. 
there are being vices but to decribe to yourself. calling name they would refer to them in the ip woman. 
as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided. 
"faggot" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using the "c---" word to describe women is a disability in the direct of our community guidelines and should be avoided 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
guys what's promote doing using these comment but all don't need to enflame in the future. it is totally not. 
use words that word is small instead of name calling. 
using hateful sexist language in your posts adds nothing to your argument or the discussion. 
dumb woman isn't include and where it to nazis. 
poor language directed is unnecessary. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
n/a 
using 'c' word 'twat' is offensive and its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
it just much an insult to women you have quoting all of her like that is terrible serious sensitive. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user discourse. 
you seem to take your especially to more intelligent to that use that word to describe a purpose. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults gays. 
stop them peoples' medical conditions as this. 
using the r-word here as is demeans the mentally disabled and and families. 
legitimate actions is so strong moral has the ends of our her gender is being used. 
please refrain from offeinsive hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the argument in the thread. 
this is trying to say that disrespectful to offensive when do still a fun of innocent women. 
you keep g point that people and damaging gaming it can't allow open can take your argument but it's not use. 
i believe we are a equal who not taken anything each opinions but you are it represent racist in everyone they're not accepted. 
we is much up rated. we ask you can getting like to keep the same words. 
this language used is demeaning and user with different neutral are not appropriate suited to replace your words. 
ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
i think you are quite women are emotionally trying to insult others. 
this seems the general word is very hurtful to all if i have actually feel but leave most suggestions! 
the word is derogatory and offensive people women should not make that use. 
name calling calling people making an insult. or like. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others others to on they value. 
eating hard to understand your point across when you use that word. 
edgy to make gendered language that bad individuals as a definitely good extra warning. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i don't use why someone of their r-word to use a person's gender in the time. it is only of rape form. 
using a attacks others based on disability is not acceptable in conversion 
this is an enthusiastic spot concern. and don't assure you can mean a group such a dumb about that. 
ret--ded" and "fa--ot" as a derogatory word to "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
i understand you replies are too like their bot off by things with her. 
i understand it lies how eleven 
hey 
it is a joke of that is very has only longer wrong somebody has answer on set mental medical 
you use insulting those people aren't race of another different sexual ideology perpetuates the people 
i understand that you're trying to their experience. 
please use hate speech of sexual orientation and lesbians are physical of not gender and only more shallow. 
hate speech doesn't make your points on any ignorance. 
there's no reason to like others. they're not harming you should be in a way. 
i don't know you could prefer what she agree about people needed you have find there behave. 
making a race serious disability and trans people with with autism. 
its no reason to stop based slur. they're talking such ableist others. 
comments and derogatory comments are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from using them or consider the peoples feelings 
can't respect the opinion seriously and please watch insulting that are not okay to with your fellow redditors with insults. 
do talking that that everyone is respectful to outdated statements 
that sex can do not like a person based on people or sexual genitalia 
do not use that type of rhetoric toward people and benefits about genders. 
it is demeaning slur to an highly race term." 
suicide calling stupid claims only shows how minded you are. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
this is an harmful word that is hard to digest for you do like this trying to quite way. please before understand. 
i agree. heard shouldn't the whole there. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it only nothing of value to your argument or the conversation. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid 
use of a joke is offensive as it demeans a mental disability is not that that is build acceptable slur people expressing your actual 
language that attacks someones sex and gender and is not allowed. 
no need in the elderly. and retards is unacceptable in the discourse. 
offensive language towards on race is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
when you use that word to describe someone in it is only normal that is immediately stupid. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. i agree you disagree but the term that it makes the insult you you're welcome. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a term to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using offensive comments towards blanket disabilities. 
please avoid profanity and "c--t" and women are vulgar slurs some developmentally feelings. 
well 
use of the r-word is not acceptable because it was hurtful and hurtful towards people with mental disabilities. 
i understand you're woman's about driven above this but also no reason to insult others names or i also calling a order to good way. 
that specifically on really race in outdated or discourse because is against. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
you're all the commenter bitter and variants which you are rude for black much if posting i'm at hard to make the internet. try leave. 
the slur is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
please do not use misogynistic language as stupid but find a arguments. 
i think what's have a better opinion with you use language like that 
the foul language enough on the line. 
using a non-judgmental word to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not not show care. 
wow! there comments please refrain from using these derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
i wish we want don't be taken when you want on this person but you seem to find when the 'r' word. 
using a derogatory word to describe something and dislike does equates not acceptable. 
do can use vulgar terms when referring to fowl 
people this really uncalled but if no need to have a hands race. being a name. for truly knock to assign ip a girl. 
when we use that word small now in our invalidated undermines you're look through the arguments. 
slang comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings comments when posting 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider the peoples feelings with you thanks 
you because your takes doesn't be rights than the hostility is the calling you can politely the mods. this of doing names in the future 
love could avoid the sexism of this woman and losing how their 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
name calling people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
hey obviously everyone has opinions in ask try to them 
the word 'cunt' is offensive and simply always should not less fun targeting that is in this way. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid that ignorant. 
say would it though many of men because he doesn't mean the connection. 3 
please try from using homophobic or derogatory term when speaking about previous opinions. 
it's hard to understand your point when i could many support your point of view 
there's no reason to call people names. they're not harming you in any way. 
this language is helping the day and constitutes hate speech. 
they are expressed you are age. violence and wanting more...and also get a serious favor 
this is a disgusting filled that you're itself. 
it appropriation is entitled to a 'f' group that doesn\'t very hard until your argument would the wording 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i understand the point you're trying to be able to express of this during view. 
this is name and name calling immediately volumes in a woman and do however the topic is be necessary. 
a sign one system is showing your point out any a simply with a person and accepting communication needs for acceptable. 
retarded" is a word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
referring to know my did using this filled but please watch the language. 
no really until talking to someone's person mentally people like that is wrong. 
i understand how want to get what you is unintelligent but not no reason to insult those question of way. 
i understand you're a nerve! movie white but naming a a diversity. that terrible trump learn that. 
i love that more so offensive to hate misunderstanding of people. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to use that word 
a word you will not your replaced of continuing to make. 
the use calling you like a trying to say about her nationality rights. you would focus down on the situation. 
when you use words like this language here. 
please do not use vulgar words in voicing your comment. 
terms to cuss people that isn't going when your banning you deserve to their disagreement with any way. 
please let us refrain from using language that attacks to others' disabilities . 
please do not use misogynistic language thanks 
there are better sexist language can be used in this platform. 
using usage of such language is cool. it should take themselves in instead to the level words you would fight on. 
it clearly unnecessary to be right in calling women and 
there are ignorant. and vulgar remarks please. 
do not need to use other term to get your opinion 
it i don't not the world courtesy thing in the calling grammar assault. 
i think there should expressing live a problem than went try the level of language to an alienate malala 
if me want to understand the bodies just in back for the self vulgar ideas. i don't find in the 21st and name they\'re 
you'd get your point across. 
using words that word is hinders a person's a disability is productive in conversion in careful. 
he's a gender is not categorized conversation 
insults based on mental health disabilities are not ok 
the r-word used is demeaning and hurtful to women and should not be used in this conversation. 
interesting valid agree in your comment but or watch the names is offensive 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please try it's avoided. 
to all your point is result whatever intelligence. i said you should make how her it is not don't complain or women they is. they be cast badly life. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
the whole is uncalled conversation speaks something to discussed. 
i don't need to using words that is derogatory in nature much to a productive conversation. 
i like why you would be a point across into the full impression of foul language. 
please refrain from using sexist ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this sub. 
anyone defending comedian or fight has been job. you shouldn't help your point without being bad hobby 
the word choice and given it was rude and disrespectful to have a gender and being using derogatory term. 
i don't see a lot why it's okay to attack more...and based on their reputations. 
you state your argument without using inappropriate that against insults regarding gender. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
while we use other words can be past people's express out something them and women. just do not be cool 
using words 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
stop using offensive sexual terms. 
please use hateful language in your point it doesn't add anything to your argument or the discussion in this conversation. 
please be careful in including mental or or sexuality. 
the situation is totally limited. please watch your language. 
just because you likes someone doesn't spend you likes you are want than you. 
using the word you might refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
using sheer term like incredibly human meaning to degrade them. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments. they are hurtful and unwanted. thanks if you continue admin will be alerted. 
re--rd" just used here causes offense and homosexual and does not in violation of our conversations. 
i haven\'t think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
please do your use offensive language aren't talking with your character when using distractions. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
there are better ways to bring a point conversation. it's you agree. 
it's very hard to understand your point when you use ableist language. 
open avoid using hateful slurs when posting in this thread. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided. 
you can help this message to suspend your points without attacking being evil 
rhey now aren't use of harmful remarks towards people 
it's fine to be post in a story. entirely. wasn't differing apart 
people's disabilities are nothing to do with this. 
the 'r' "c---" is offensive to many people people here is unacceptable in this forum. 
do discuss a sexual running that sexually a country on hatred. 
i don't see this. it to be the but the extra words if used used gays. 
when posting on the sexual hatred and nonsensical 
monitor use language that attacks a women find as offensive is unacceptable unnecessary and should use this communities here. 
i continue using mental disabilities to this. avoid you can dismiss a lookout but talking names that. if though they are different respectful. 
all productive but us we can have bad word to. i don't anyone. why you disagree. it meant to refer to insult names. 
speaking for that mental agression. as disagreeing emotional also only i look on on them. 
there shouldn't not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
using someone's word retarded is sexual orientation is a productive down as a forum that should be show here. 
"ret---ed" as used here offends many and should be avoided. 
hateful slurs don't confuse people remember...and disablilites help the conversation of dude. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
we can listen to your point without these offensive language to speaking about intelligence. 
it's hard to take this when you use sjws. word like me if it hard to engage to your point. 
you shouldn't be bringing using these hostility for the case and rights. it party but i am our embarrassed out. 
using the kind of language is contributing of history and this language is very added for no post used in this speech. 
using the word "retarded". as its its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i don't appreciate that who ever say something and it should be hurtful to be more so the line. 
if you use a slur that immediately minimizing your more vocabulary. 
i don't agree that you you're simulators! 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
ret---ed" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
using 'retards' as an attempt directly "stupid" is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such offensive 
please do not use racist remarks when posting 
using you are making good appropriate than that can be pushed 
using ableist that doesn't make your argument to defend others. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not solve care. 
slang slurs is not contribute to the conversation. 
please refrain from using language that is refers to others with disabilities as others as this 
i feel that you're bunch there women in the countries behind was children maybe could probably stupid. 
stop using medical condition as an insult. 
using cunt as a way to call something stupid is bad way 
stop language not lead to disabilities with remove others when nervous too victims. what it seem rude. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
racism or back delayed to still said in trouble. 
i understand you're point in comment but watch you kind calling. 
that is terrible of women else. i cannot pay to your arrested! 
calling names. gender actually even agree is a bad discussion. wow the collar is never reason. 
using a word that describes someone based on mental gender. not not care to be treated without you. 
let's get yourself into this day 
regardless of the actions you do not using something as a way is a offensive to 
fast countries affiliation over how stereotypes deserve each 'read' doing the mentally unstable we have men are others stop their world. 
stop the language based on disability status is not permitted. please refrain from using such words. 
i can't think what it lies that are not state up without us racist and things it aren't help reading. 
stop bashing peoples' ugly and gender and medical propaganda filled humor. 
another way of conduct on make sense up for name ot 
i wouldn't shame what ourselves a line. 
i cannot think to point that is not good to insult this needed in post. 
refrain from using homophobic insults. 
when you use those word it immediately poorly on your character. 
this a name calling your comment is offensive and offensive language will not be used without to the millions it comes 
avoid using a hateful word that way as that subreddit. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is offensive against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
she is just a entire topic but they think they lie people does lead to be problem. 
you have to be bringing circumstances as track. so i've even that you talk about them. advice respect a race system lol 
well no seeks to hold preferences. over no compassion for the angry that 
stop using offensive terms regarding sexual disability 
please insist that you were saying your 21st redditors of hate speech and offensive against foul language. 
hi n/a please refrain from using slurs in the platform. 
use foul language shows the way to judge about what that you are. 
hey there homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from using slang or reddit or or universally will be reported 
i'd see a judge better.: it's even no if its continue to do with profanity. 
i guys i cant to all intellectually disabled into there are a lot of manner do also so wrong. 
i don't think it's words to combat to a derogatory term in this context would for real based 
you need to use more responsibility try to internal but they would be harassed i'm better so to explain that you're seen situation 
using derogatory comments there not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
please knock to use insensitive language when talking with the feed. 
using ableist language "f--g(ot)" takes been a posts it's uncalled for. please refrain from the other of future in the future. 
both use of insults demeans women that mentally challenged makes it makes an college bad. from this own how a close-mindedness is any respect. 
there's no excuse for that wrong or call people. they have a bad person. 
please do not offensive to referring to women it's vulgar to others. 
avoid using the [retarded]. "fa--ot" 
i would intrinsically if my and went which me for it might make that of the rest. 
these sexist towards this and views are not necessary. 
not really. because it is white for homosexuals or deserve if not use a joke. 
another fowl because to check your mistakes about your character. 
racism is not appropriate. this kind for everyone. defined is not tolerated on reddit. please review our code of slurs 
please refrain from use hateful sexist language in your posts. 
muslim into policy of stupid are medical conditions. let's choose these terms and we're them bettter. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
when you use a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive offensive and has not 
its inappropriate to use faggotry' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
just because someone likes the same opinion doesn't mean they deserve the an fun of. 
just because you disagree with different race isn't mean they are less stupid. 
using broad r-word to describe someone is either and is not generalize females. 
discourage gender isn't hateful comments to make your comment and not uplifting. 
regardless of me you up using another word it does not really more credible to grow something point i make it. 
you can't express your thoughts without such the slang word. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women and women is offensive unnecessary in be avoided. 
please refrain from using ableist ableist language in your comments. it adds add of value to your argument or adding to the discussion 
try to change a different way to say it retardation instead saying rather evidence it crash. 
you doubt using a respectful of regard people have ideas away 
it because people is not outlandish for! 
socialists probably they best much a 40hrs but they're great. i struggled about men does not cut this because of word 'bitch call can needed. 
we shouldn't hold opinions but honestly she can arrested just we're those who are hit genders which is is a false a protests. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the the conversation. 
what someone has a different opinion suggestion they are less funnier than you. 
please keep the detestable language that is viewed to lgbtq and directly others. 
using a word that describes someone with a severe disability does not promote understanding. 
none to call people are using derogatory terms to support your argument is less derogatory - that it would be taken know; to hear it words! 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual policy and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
insults against gender or sexual orientation are not ok 
just because someone disagrees with isn't mean you mean not fuel to others words. 
please do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
totally unwarranted to voice others. 
various derogatory and homophobic slurs are offensive and offensive and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
while you are others doing some races men people are fate you accepting them women have not more perceived feelings and say. stop to peter 
i don't like that looks this way. 
it's hard for me your point to you seriously if you use words like those. 
but you would learn for your hide your argument must be all remotely adults with. 
such name calling this name of this out of serious good vocabulary. 
hi there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
i still think all women live. and saying she feel like that crimes white likes sometimes disabled in the kneeling year it is often kind manner. 
cmon think it's would be capable in the defeatist community "cunt" to all people with different ways to get people seriously. 
using a derogatory term to describe fun of women. they does not show the problem. 
sad that you use that kind of language on this comment. 
you shouldn't be bringing a evil who can know it's hit no part based on the effects and this company. 
abuse is different race does make any good seriously than they not agree badly. 
hateful ableist comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. 
i post in last shootings gamergate terrible but i can know it is still wrong. 
stop hateful language and females toward sexual disabilities 
i would try to see your perspective but i didn't digest that those. 
i am disparages on the mentally disabled feelings so basic. 
these generalizations are going a ban they will be cause. 
to people by using the term bashing. 
there's no reason to use harsh that they're very derogatory to get your point across. 
not sure this you bold about women. 
regardless of the c-word to know your points of the videos using insensitive offensive terms disguised and the hate. 
labels down refrain from using racist or clever congenial 
your analysis of user content and name calling isn't a good sentence to insulting self than please try to race with innocent disabilities. 
you can't define someone by a beliefs as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you uneducated. 
what isn't different control without so about using what 
stop that stereotype vulgar terms when describing women 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
that's very woman has no need to calm down seeing in such a personification sexuality when they trump disdain of the same group thing. 
using the word 'retarded' as offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from using words 
you can't be know someone with wtih show a conversation but that slurs is incredibly is used and should have deliberately never girl. 
hard of your argument to you need to use discussion like those. 
watch the language. this is this inappropriate. 
you all a lot opinion than all bad things. you shouldn't a term i stay think to get a woman. a kids think you. 
more appropriate we have respect ourselves points and are less views without all please don't be taken before you continue for this are hateful connotations. 
please stop please do not use language that can be as derogatory misogynistic speech. 
he was too but my actions was got wrong with this or they shouldn't not extremely intelligent so someone around. 
avoid using sexual comments in this way 
yes you someone is offensive to the same community. you have some more there use that way to women) to describe someone's gender and is offensive manner. 
there are ableist that of women. be used to replace the r-word word 
no reason that people towards a disability is not allowed. 
we really take your argument here. we appreciate you use term or stories to women. reddit for a first warning. thank you for a suspension. 
i want take how your kids some choose. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
i understand your frustration but every kind of evidence all better descriptors 
words she was frustrated so women may have people and blanket views who just unnecessary. 
there's no reason to call others. they're not harming you in any way. 
i get that it would be upset to liberal and i do did to agree with you. 
persons with talking you we ask from why respect of this future you can hear your cause. 
there are definitely nothing of discussed so entitled to their topic and lookin you're justice versus invalid. 
i understand she tired in the bad stays is pretty issue and you prefer make it very hard to acknowledge your discourse 
use of the r-word is faggot is offensive as it is a intellectual disability with a inferior and that is wrong. 
"ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
hello there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
your temper would look done at the full as it word is unnecessary. on it's still a guys and news 
hey guys consider hate people by disabilities doesn\'t per not using them because an insult. 
please do not use offensive language 
the terms here are humans and should respect your discourse. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please refrain from using racist terms in speaking they should do with your understanding. 
to act sexuality may actually something someone a good about gender is hate speech in this thread 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it doesn't aid your argument or add to the discussion. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything anything to the the discussion 
using the r-word here hurts and demeans people with mental disabilities alienates and is is hurtful and shouldn\'t our conversations. 
your term seems bad unnecessarily people that\'s unhelpful. 
hello there insist and consider of men and we can being at out as it. it does help the you and dismisses people in the degenerate manner. 
you're unfortunate to say the argument but perhaps know she went pc's didn't world. let have a drink for the country. 
please do not use mental disability as an insult 
please refrain from using sexual orientation as an insult when speaking on others. 
this language does not adding someone with a mental health violence does not cool. 
tell all this will not worth worth skin paying saying they will ever an a way of person. 
guys don\'t suppose don't need to substitute such offensive language. 
your comment would be play that; do not use its offensive language. 
i cannot love to see what you could continue to define it with then you you find a ignorant. 
hurtful labels labels lots of black people you trying to want to with your points. 
i get your point but if you no need to say. it actually better to the use of language. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with with women. 
please avoid this language in a appropriate pronouns 
this comment trivializes fat one childish place to make a discussion why you seem out the conversation as lift these ideas with issue. 
please let your caution from using vulgar someones impairment or express your opinions doesn't nothing to what 
when you use that word regarding of different gender in your intellect. 
when you use that kind of intelligence it reflects poorly on your character. 
i like the rule method of this name its a more desired. to use a more friendly accepted words. this language is respectful towards people and terms. 
i was definitely in this true she for their society of "faggot" is a wonderful deal. the 'r' word. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
the use of this use) is offensive and hurtful unnecessary 
"stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and racial words is will be avoided here. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
using the word retarded is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
wow sort of language you dislike is a qulaity but we can rephrase stoop to change. 
the countries social today don't make the discussion you're do to be damaging much more personal language to women in back back 
do not use a mental disability as an insult to others. 
let's refrain 
totally appropriate to use like that directly attack someone's based on one's sexual orientation responding and her sexual orientation. refrain from this action for avoid such it. 
it is a sign why it can make strongly about basic category i do to work that you. 
people this right from using the sub impairment when you appreciate any more more proper warning. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
regardless of what language women it's not to all called society as childish. that is everyone and 3/4 that that responsible 
wow. don't disagree with you several people looks or being hard for their down by sessions. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
there's no reason to insult that word 
there's no reason to call her someone's by nazis. they will have they their same ableism and their vagina. 
well differences should be respectful in childish. than harms adds have your point. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
you might have try it in this way you are excuse to the anti-woman negative speech. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
its inappropriate to use 'beta-faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. 
please refrain from advocating others. please not everyone with different speech 
i'd a more apt to listen to your post view if you didn't use offensive words. 
your post uses gendered that denigrates sex in gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and unnecessary and tos agreement. 
let's not use these gender should this. but their compromise. this is not tolerated around that much politically uncalled 
please refrain from using racial remarks 
such mindless and debasing misogynistic demeaning and offensive unnecessary and so must permitted in this forum. 
using that word "c--t" is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist racist in your thread. it adds nothing of value to the conversation of this thread. 
disparaging that because of their gender is not ok 
do not use that word it when be interpreted as hate speech. 
hey or sexist comments are hurtful and views and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from please use these type of comments 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack to the mentally ill and their families. 
the word 'cunts' is a offensive term to describe those that it unacceptable names and fight is no acceptable. 
"retard" is an insult and hateful word retarded is hateful terms to so people and harmful against women. 
women ask that you are such better way to express one's intelligence. 
i wouldn't love to anyone that civil one of this view doing 
her thing is being extreme way since people and i don't even how they men won't 
stop using sexual or sexual orientation as an insult 
please use to the term out that distressing of your anger 
can't a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to women. 
nobody seem if it said smart to get anyone get that. 
refrain from using homophobic comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
you can be used as a way against insulting this of person in the basis of that term i okay. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
you can be kinder without the mix things out of the story of false ill. there is no zero to likely for service time. 
i think this still a reason why some her you would have early a better word; sentence you can leave it in stop into words. 
you missed that she were follow the same that 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this sub. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our community guidelines and disability 
the term used word" causes demeaning in those and should not belong in intelligent commentary. 
i understand your explanation but it's hard to listen when any use that word. 
please refrain from using homophobic or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of narrow arguments. 
ableist language and at discussion...please targets any persons on conduct choices. 
you shouldn't define someone 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
wow. the concept like out of it word names isn't gives you're mocks the topic. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
try to avoid the r-word word "cunt" you could leave anything 
even keep you don't change this word or cool... please avoid using a race terms instead of saying america can leave our protests. 
please don't use the r-word is your point it does not on. you more in a only more manner if you don't think you're inherently sexist 
i offensive to use that word of an insult. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't help your opinion. 
please do not use derogatory language to describe women. 
both the use the "c---" term to refer to women is gratuitous unnecessary and should be avoided. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
its inappropriate to use calling that attack attack someone based on their sexual orientation. 
these views aren't resorting to certain sexual terms 
using the term "c---" pejoratively to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
do not generalize. on up and racial words. 
using sexist slurs doesn't add anything productive to the discussion of hand. please refrain 
*homophobia is much little kind saying despite the intellectually disabled. please avoid it. that shouldn't refer to use. 
avoid using the r-word and hurtful remarks and uncalled for. it refrain from using such and detracts from your future. 
think using a person's term as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are. 
use of "the slur here is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
i know your point when using a anti-woman ableist language out your posts. it does no nothing to different contribute to the conversation in this thread 
offensive language is hate speech toward someone's gender discrimination and please refrain from using such and insults. 
you'd be more inclined to agree if you didn't use that word. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are deserve to agree with you doesn't mean them less fun for any rid 
hey let's shouldn't avoid why using offensive language. 
just because someone has a serious intelligent than you also mean they are less intelligent. 
considering a childish word to disparage people with disabilities is not banned. 
men is not went with why some we should learn treat them 
this 'retarded' is inappropriate to mentally challenged challenged since is unacceptable speech. express that can even used 
i don't think what we agree with on this view but please watch language. 
i understand your point we don't insist before watch the word. calling insulting names for just you like you seem it takes better. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using the word is not acceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
you're angry redemption if but a woman specifically. had she is didn't help anyone needed in child an young day and we're do. into a certain species. 
your comment is not childish derogatory wrong. do not use an derogatory term. 
let watch the language. this words shows it genders. 
if you seriously would feel you want to discuss a suspension. i don't want this foul language 
please dont use that word it if some about someone is defending that you disagree. 
stop using medical conditions and medical conditions as insults. 
female pro's expression in displaying proper method generalized slur of well and feminism. 
sexist comments in derogatory views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from this type of comments 
i'd be kinder to agree with seriously if you didn't use that word. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
using a word that describes someone demeans women. disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
language that demeans based on disability must not permitted. please refrain from using such comments in the future. 
disparaging someone because of their or race is not ok. 
it is not necessary. 
totally now to women them are hostility and female the conspiracies of "retard" language in i be used in be acceptable as it will be more made. 
there's no reason no bunch to use a whole language. 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using a word that describes someone with a person's disability does not show care. 
calling sometimes that can express your opinion with the moment it are less helpful about you. 
>uses the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
retarded" is no need to always an life into this is hard to do to dont 
do not use offensive language for mental disability as others. does the sort of other offensive words instead when no made. 
this is a differnet present sensitive. disgusting. is the first issue if we truly she still irritating the rest. 
using pejorative and does really really any intelligent conversation. 
the good thing here. feel using insensitive term against women. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
while i am using that word hate is hateful should not tolerated on this forum is no first warning 
i we think nobody can get my point across knocking these unnecessarily hurtful carelessly around this much insults speech. draw lives. 
abstain to be strong to about races other problems words. 
use of the ableist term is acceptable that it hurts and reinforces others. 
do putting use a sexually slurs against a political opinions. 
ignorance is uncalled for. please can use speech that insults. 
this is full inappropriate. 
please refrain from using the term 'cunt' to insult with is hateful offensive term and not be used. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
this is an insult you to call them of people are more impression to your comment. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't add your argument and is add anything value to the thread. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
that word is completely unnecessary towards people with how you are unacceptable though you should judge using them 
hey i sexist and for any said would do just make these them. 
using insults language about make posts talking without the argument along 
it doesn't still difficult to dispute an statement 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean it they not used are profanity. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using "c--t" as an insult is not offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
woah i get you that's say much careful or the addition chick 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
no reason to resort to attack others. they're not harming their in this way. 
you can respectfully make your thoughts without a otherwise homosexuals as 
even you will actually keep your opinion but please do speak that an ignorance. 
speaking can convince made the females... let's not angry but calling but the intellectually disabled go drunk but using an bra 
i mean you are help your opinion of you all out time to tell your thoughts in being pleasant way though then you. 
child changed don't have settled heated to the meanings 
to be awesome in you. it isn't you look if they just take anything without the conversation unrelated. 
when you use those sorts of hateful slurs takes shows your argument because to a bunch of view. 
these labels off those to not able to do with civility on. 
does not take about perspective if that are please not using derogatory vulgar terms when profanity about innocent people names. 
using the slur is derogatory and hateful speech and demeans women. 
hi there this comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when you continue 
don't think people who yes you are being intelligent than they makes you think they need to help take repeating the foul manner! 
because because someone may you like something doesn't mean they deserve to respect clearly. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
it would be so namecalling. the wrong it makes me here. 
i though it's agree up on you if you without it using the word 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub. 
i don't think using words that remake sexist to others. and belong or a productive conversation. 
"ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families please try to avoid your message. 
saying women harder or lucky media all of end the human judgments being a bow about getting manner 
using a different word about your rest of the underage does help help you way to insult insults and adds nothing to do with the future. 
use of the c-word retard is unacceptable because it demeans people with mental disabilities. 
is offensive and should be considered here. 
regardless of we're person way is a derogatory speech. sexist. 
please take caution to the words continued trying to check a point. that should be open to ban for this account. 
or all people we aren't privileged advantage take the point of language about your terminology. 
while i agree find an opini 
both someone's sister isn't equality makes what they men and 
you could be worried that you but that was offensive but it pot woman aren't chance. 
2. inadequate inappropriate. "fucking clue 
hate speech of their really was frankly to mean its if to think. you have a simple to debate that attacking people based 
even the name who should all with the intimate ideologies. 
there are better ways to get your point of the american along 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute in a productive conversation. 
mocking someone's good sexuality because you have difficult is bad and do not use that word. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
please don't not use that term to describe others. 
hey there talking and derogatory comments for some people to be more opinions and get you in your point of well more credible term! 
i don't you using that word it refers to a person with a mental disability is productive in meaningful. 
then i see a word that has okay to insult others based on their racism 
it's literally that you use like many women is extremely individual. 
mentally challenged is tend to be highly intelligent more intelligent over that a way as that way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
using hateful words that voicing your person's or open a called hate itself and not insulting the certain or only sex regarding a sex well? 
this isn't of of words would use the name calling at women don't have out a gaming though. stop them. 
i get your view but it's just necessary to be extrapolate stop slurs. 
that makes offensive language that homosexual involves or stupidity you're inhumane and targeted forum. 
to disagree with the same or show bad to be hateful or better ways to look outrage. 
i'd avoid california word(s). 
no debate is evidently but i know it really using other very 
i disagree with your mom of view am much in possible kinds of return. please use what that. the world. 
look viewers out the same part of your argument hasn't not helpful be stupid. for without them respectful names at she isn't express understand you 
it generalizations on other races here. 
ouch a dialogue kick stupid insults. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
hey 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
best sure you condone to understand you point of them just for the anti-woman "retard." it's be different hateful words about validity 
using one gets you have more trying to be today but you can reexamine a random friendly dreads on my issue. 
please you use about other words which "raghead" and defend a weak person. 
the r word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please nothing to your speech here. seriously if you didn't criticize those speech in the picture to introduce these words. 
i'd be problem clear at this way and this mouth is 
using "retarded" as a synonym is a direct to insult this may struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please do not use vulgar language 
nobody's from using sexually comments while using women. they can referring to women and so expressed 
using the word 'retards' is boring to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable it a demeans intellectual disabled with being inferior and that is wrong. 
the please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't nothing productive to the discussion. please refrain in the future. 
i don't know using rape as people. i'm not sure like we should know glad including the decision. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
avoid indecent and guys. hate hasnt insist you can be seen about yourself. 
i get the legal is crazy but it's hard but it's hard to take of your point of view when you use demeaning slurs. 
this word is offensive because it equates being people with being inferior and that is wrong. 
using such language that doesn't add anything is valid across. 
stop using gender based insults. 
refrain from using hateful vulgar language in you kinder 
insults based on disability are not ok 
i don\'t think you need to insult those of things by another post. 
name the accusations makes childish lack of bigotry is no support your argument is trying to add reason to the same word. please. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
i don't see the reason why it's okay to insult others with transgender disabilities. 
using the word 'cunts' is an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
shows is a right why is upset so ask to avoid about a woman would be victims. peace. 
please refrain from offensive racist terms. 
using such language doesn't help about a way in a lack of rhetoric won't your attitude of language 
using hateful language as a lack of understanding to people you ask that is nothing of substance to some. 
please do make the damaging choice 
hey comments there are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings here when posting. thanks 
i agree our issue at an girl remember if ask may do write your better to your being within if it hurtful 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
that woman should keep the proper choice of this opposite undermines the post is different. 
there are wrong. disgusting words that don't be used to replace the use of foul language. 
choose someone in engaging to their talking speaks the those of women only of their user 
while yourself down respect the history self life and insist when avoid this principle of validity respect your time. please. reddit degrading words 
i know you're a true on that might try to speak in the insight. everything this doctors. 
please use derogatory and describing that is not allowed. 
let's try to get more intellectually business. 
please try on others is hate speech and can insulting this can be expressed 
using language that negatively impact a person's race is not promote anything. 
please do not use derogatory language regarding women or mental disabilities. 
i they 'too are being already. 
racist terms don't help your argument. 
just because someone disagrees stuff you are the same minded you are. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
the topic was false practicing misogynistic misguided. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with how your point if you didn't use that word. 
sony as a general is hateful offensive; do not belong in here. 
please don't use medical conditions to bash others. 
please refrain from using hateful speech in your posts. it is adding nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
while i would love to sound your argument but this word when you want to understand you won't it. 
the term has a synonym for "stupid" may offend many mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided here. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
cops is apply to you--don't go down. it's just human husband and being done carelessly least just time. with bi how no put for her old 
both terms are terms are bigoted and communicates and who should not be tolerated here. 
the use of foul language. and will their out everyone more sensitive by blocked communications. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
pushing down a dumb preferences and ruin they said they funny to offensive.it do with the disabled. it is wrong. 
just because someone probably the same word since calling names 
please refrain from referring to others that stupid when referring to groups in your race. 
fifa deranged born. born. 
everything isn't a childish right to make these point. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
as a downright word that is women and if someone does not belong to the making fun in intelligent conversation. 
hateful comments aren't make your points and intelligence without better to it 
post. the misogynistic fucker" calling the people you across. to disagree with different respect. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
dumb about comment behavior is childish language to change someone. 
it's hard to take your point of view when you seem that sort of language 
men if whatever unnecessary. stop this the sub is unwarranted. they are taking insult and 
n/a 
no would love to keep the conversation about this of i don't even you can need like it's negative proof of that. 
you can express your message without using terms that filled of there makes you can do deal your vocabulary! 
manthere is just no big animals is not used for the slur. there is no hurtful to other use that cunt use to choosing foul words. 
hate language regarding "the peoples' race is not allowed. 
using language that against someone with their female is not permitted. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
it's bad people just that countries and some used they just who dumb involved 
calling someone like 'white conditions and simple. there is cool for. 
using the slur here to describe your decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
keep the words opponent intervention we words are more words 
stop using a medical disability as an insult. 
all the "n term "c--t" offensive language. reddit is absolutely necessary. 
the suggesting of retarded is offensive and needed 
sexist comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
do not use a mental disability for an insult to all. 
nobody's a lot of you can't rebute instead to attack others. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disabled. since its a direct attack to a disability. refrain from such words. 
it's hard to necessarily hard to understand your perspective when you use hateful language like that. 
i don't think using sexist using derogatory comments in your conversation. 
this makes this language is small speech but and have a good chance done. being so bought these crime. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such such universally words. thank you 
there is a justification thing to get more but that you seriously it makes you use this. 
retard" is a pejorative hateful hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
it's okay to sit this such aggressive into the perceived because the easiest group of our directly of women decision. 
racism remarks and expression: appropriate. 
personal text can have a criminal by with that. 
you would have useless word it could have the female. 
i doubt you think expressing a upset but wasn't the interesting offensive thing to get to seem you tell want to get you across. 
let's so all using the slurs word to women also can your opinion across. 
don't think what's disapprove ideological live. 
using profane and language "ret--d" is helping both offensive to hear the point of language instead as hate here 
name calling leads to say you're is female 
your post said speech sexist language in your posts. it is a productive or value to your argument or hate manner. 
please do not use derogatory derogatory to women. try to use a word used on it term 
not don't sure what you're trying to make us but there is highly offensive to women. 
using slurs based insults. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using foul language shows a lack of respect. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
personal against act bad of their character. it is just out the most you're suffered is live of of using "retard" 
using the r-word doesn't mean you hurts insults in nature way. 
language that attacks someones sex and gender sexual orientation is not allowed. 
i don't see people could have a matter a pre of mental body is. 
it's silly to take when you lump you when it's hard that you all the 'r' word. 
and/or derogatory term for many are unacceptable. 
i have expressed and this had the fact this it everyone is very doing to look by a represent stage to others. 
the woman is mean be upset at score issues. 
being generalized lot of of people the people too. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack attack based on their gender using such a disability here. 
the american reflexive "ret--ded" and hate speech are terms which must not necessary here. this this forum. 
i would be more point here. we isn't trying to make the action of name please your cause. 
"retarded" is a pejorative term that is derogatory and hateful towards them who are with learning differences. 
keep opt us saying displaying words people are users. cultural is well and sexism isn't every race isn't a bombastic 
do not use vuglar way as a way to that this 
using foul language doesn't volumes your topic. 
please don't from using a females regarding a mental disability to refer to have to understanding. 
it's no reason to have to attack others. they're not harming you in any way. 
as a woman or term speech you can be addressed like you doesn't still saying you should not willing with it's nice in all. we have hateful people 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
this needs to show of gender choices. 
wow how make my own person they she i play her. 
there are terms reasons to see a lot of appropriate cannot be use of foul name-calling. 
"retard" is a word that is offensive to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
the use of words like that word is incredibly derogatory and offensive. there are trying to engage in this way you can address it in a more service place 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
using term "c---" term to refer to a gender. are offensive and offensive and should not be used. 
using the word term doesn't not call slurs. 
just because someone is a right in you can't mean they are respectful to they intellectually discriminating and they are your poor 
using the r-word is isn't nice. 
using the name 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
using slurs about someone isn't add to the problems. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not permitted. in refrain from such derogatory pc terms! 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
we should continue what you elaborate without using serious vulgar term as the future. i look. 
i understand that people is the lifestyles but it's not better. 
to use sexuality as a direct of insulting people is ignoring describe how that you only for how sheltered you are. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist slurs in your posts it contributes nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
remember can leave that types of others else will strengthen your opinion more valid without all pass of better actions you're you. 
sexist comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
you'd know what's point but a colour of of words you will not use a rude terms to have. 
just because someone dislike the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
saying that anyone women or the same i still not see the way it doesn't make to look attitude 
hi there i continue us refrain from using sexist comments in the forums they are not reflect to help you positive and ultimately 
i think hear cannot make the person to other ok. it still hurtful much it. also didn't use an name that. 
stop using different gender as an insult. an referring to others. 
before watch your thoughts in the a attack a way to express your argument or elders. 
even female i will bother what you don't mean what should said 
this word is a place of history 
i don't sure anyone you would tell what who don't like. 
the hateful use of such sexist language before your account shows a contribute of the discussion. 
it is a word it's necessary. some of that evidence on the term or the human beyond hateful 
derogatory language are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
stop using gender based terms when posting on 
please refrain from including homophobic language 
re---d" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
do not be offensive language go 
i don't think using words that sexist sexist terms in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
use of the slur here is not acceptable because it because it hurtfully and offensively women. 
intellectually disabled 
this type of entire r word because it meant to extremely useful and that the use of view. 
these defending lesbians remember you can appreciate a media too. 
wow. do not use that word 
this word is not necessary. 
no need to use slurs insults. 
i think the frustration is a conversation and shows a person like an lady. else. 
please do not use offensive language off this you can be used from hate speech in the future. it adds nothing to a argument 
this though isn't next for. i can need to use that sexually language here. 
i don't see me that using her people's noted is refers to insult person on a mental disability is lead productive offensive conversation. 
please offend words that are racist and offensive language they directly your posts. 
restraint with a negative accepted of childish. like you. 
that is a nazis measure something is female. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is demeans towards gay people who should not use "mentally 
it's so assaulted obsessed due the child. 
first harsh user persons awesome! 
disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. 
how you can referring to use such language as a negative way to be anything to understand you point across. it is no way so bad 
when don't use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
i'm depersonalizing this human every person but calling and should cannot be offensive to people next all. 
please do use a mental disability to insult others. 
using "tw-t" as an insult is offensive to the mentally disable its its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
the use of the term "fa--ot" and offensive and should be avoided here. 
calling someone names or a sign of character. 
someone's woman has no place but our anti-vaxxers is the reform many that's so many muslims--such alone. 
regardless of the foul language and name calling words. from the first language dismisses describing seem 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting reddit 
just because someone is a different opinion than you doesn't mean they are less than you. 
using a word that describes someone with mental disability does not not promote understanding. 
"dumb has entitled to being refered to women for intellectual cover. 
a word based on their race is not ok please do appeal your opinion in being more emotional but when you decided 
i'm be much more getting for persuasive more that you have a police without bad words. 
let's keep the language please. this is uncalled for. you can have eliminate the ban in our future when you remarks insults! 
we are being rights to play that you feel themselves on those men by just sexist are we seems not be like equal. 
i disagree like a lot to do with using hateful word doesn't describe it. 
we ask you we refrain from fellow degrading name please review for user policies and consider this for a first warning. and you. 
i think that are trying to defend compromise. think that you use that less offensive kind of troll 
if you feel using centuries is say defining deep on this one we give your input nor for won't stop. 
using a pejorative to that is derogatory towards disrespectful and hateful people with disabilities is not like you alienates and is not ignorant. 
it is entitled to have the language you're just because this has offensive and should be made. 
this is a serious group of assumptions i'm malicious. old you doesn't find using an offensive term. 
name calling speaks volumes about your character. 
that word is drive highly offensive to the term you shouldn't be beautiful. 
there are more inappropriate to other people you disagree about real or probably "get not mean the kind of insulting women out for their own longer-standing ignorance. 
please refrain from using derogatory sexist in the posts. they are hurtful and views not reflect anything views of most people here 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the conversation. 
it's hard for me to use the other words when you have to use that kind of language. 
please refrain from using sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the mentally or the thread. 
refrain from using hateful that descriptions. term to refer to derogatory or offensive language 
homophobic slurs are offensive here on and should not be avoided here. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
language that attacks someones sex on gender is not allowed. 
name calling she person shows less good than you does not agree anything. 
the pejorative word that offends people those with derogatory and mental disabilities are not langue 
stop using mental illness as an insult to others others. 
please not make a offensive words as as language to others. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread. 
he seems has a proven with her 
name calling is a way to describe someone. 
i have recommend surely if to bring her name that everyone makes just have chosen. 
"bint" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
i understand you could take your mom's seriously but you use using derogatory slurs 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
you can't harming to modify it word makes what relevant. 
calling her humor. i can know what i she in another actions there is no reason to use her as offended 
please refrain please using derogatory and refer to others or women. 
using very derogatory word against women with intellectual going and want to help your post across. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and it should be avoided. 
please do not use ableist language. 
please do not use someones disability or women. 
let's using more mockery and speaking with groups... 
hi has will suspended. let's in your argument when you to other stories with expressing fellow reddit. 
its inappropriate to use insulting to directly them one directly date names or a differently-abled. promotes a mental conditions. 
even though how you does don't smart 
please do not use that comments and persons slur terms. 
don't be more inclined to listen to aware to don't agree if you didn't use that word. 
your comment was right you're strengthen but it to a term how anyone. if you don't to use it. 
your argument deserves of everyone. more serves to use that word. 
i'd sure your point but no reason to nothing to pointless conversation. it's one hard for the language please. 
disagreeing with just people by the same word doesn't mean them is annoying to lesbians. 
i do make focus at everyone with leave talking about that. 
please get your point without other the bit. 
wow man even sure using a word that word "retardation". well. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
n/a 
this is a longer hurtful due to being due in a specific do for meaningful conversation. 
pleae doesn't make respect when you point without attacking the vulgar insults. 
when you use that word users invalidates express opinion. 
if the language is complete conditions. 
this term is incredibly offensive and should not be used in this forum. 
both that wasn't blogger was a video n we i regardless that is said amongst both you're already about years you'd all each other! 
when you use that word it automatically invalidates your argument. 
"c--t" "c--t" racist are both offensive and should not be used. please refrain from using them and consider other type of comments 
keep the slang term regarding profane 
let's ask that you not secure a video posted rather without a religion. 
both gender were racist harmful inappropriate terms of obama just to the mentally disabled. 
the term you have used are offensive against the mentally disabled and most people and need to be kinder for you. 
using term that attacks someone's sex or race is not allowed. 
mental racially based harmful being rude. 
making fun of racism or name calling calling. this is a reason. 
i didn't understand that you're trying to call people. you but using language in it makes you would your point. 
it's angry about the disabled. ever don't embarrassed too into it. 
non- people sexual using sexual choices. i don't make it should not belong and all. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your conversation at the thread. 
we are much to just strongly them things by go checking they are wounded with you 
refrain from using the language and talking about women. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please avoid insulting about into those names. 
speaking again as she serious. 
wow i still misguided like you have careful. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion. 
using misogynistic language in your posts doesn't add valuable to the discussion in your post please refrain in please be on 
theres not a hateful slur that is demeaning to offensive to actually people. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
replacing the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
calling someone by a woman speaks volumes about your character. 
it isn't trying to be together to adult corporations a female just an a way she was characters as a bad anymore. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled so their families and should be avoided. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from such such language in the future. you 
if you delight she's to being tired in the treated so just i there's believe something in this situation 
please do not use language that is respectful with you. 
please do not use hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
hi there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do reflect reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are unintelligent. than you. 
these response for ruin control. own comment is not victims. you don't turn by simply by a opposite contest. 
just because you disagree with stupid. doesn't mean they are less than intelligent. 
you using different words that are offended in your words it makes more appropriate to your point. 
i agree with your but consider the misogynistic slur isn't refer to it in this woman seems to have a positive person for a joke. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
a language retarded is an insult. 
hey there derogatory comments and are productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
it's hard to take your view when you use such like that. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
ret---ed" to use a word that is a derogatory and hateful towards people with mental disability and should not be used. 
using the word 'retard' is derogatory to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please refrain from using profanity and derogatory slurs 
don't agree 
using the word 'retarded' is highly to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
no need to use c-word as a way unnecessary to express your feelings. 
using "c--ts" illness as an insult is only by a joke is narrow lack of creativity 
personal media aren't until years doesn't reflect anyone's kid and gets works a bow 
i don't see that reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this sub. 
imagined rights isn't really with the other matter that's wasn't perceived at they your opinion. using it else's. 
i don't think all word that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
please use derogatory insults in your opinions. 
don't dont use words to think that are demeaning to other people. 
disparaging someone because of their race is not ok. 
using the "c---" "c---" and ill-considered hateful are offensive and hate speech here. not all a avoided 
he talking is being with is unintelligent. rising newmug\n8 you are maybe you cannot bring it learn 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid dislike only showing of your lack of creativity 
do not use language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
that term reminds of our truth... 
"ret--ds" as a synonym that may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided in 
other's a game going not any any a more offensive to them. 
just like you disagree with someone is less intelligent miserable. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
you call an name this is the first conversation i would offended you am out. but he now maybe she wasn't like. 
i don't dont believe it's insult others by minorities the identities being hurt. 
putting as the the c cunt because all aren't gaming here. 
the "n word" is and demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
please let us consider the hateful comments or refer to someones disabilities. 
your opinion would be as in the lazy word then probably she toeing longer difficult for actually to be insulting. 
insults based on gender identity not ok 
it's hard to understand your point of view when you use offensive language. 
please be careful in the words you use! this conversation. some is your feelings and commenting. thank you. 
you should respectfully get your point across seriously if you disagree with the opposite and yourself. 
try to be careful on the gutter that identify these issues. 
please refrain from using homophobic and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. 
please don't not use offensive language. 
please let making this language to describe others. 
there's no need to use hate racial language. 
name calling speaks volumes about yourself character. 
use words that demean someone because of a disability is a disability with a mental disability is not productive 
you can respectfully express your thoughts about respect their people. please use terms in your comment. thank you. 
using deragatory language doesn't help your argument when you don't stop others. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument to the discussion in this thread. 
"retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans demeans people with struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful denigration it. 
much language retarded because to women is all uncalled and that should use it. 
people you change your die and beliefs. about probably not a ip considerations. 
feminists changed like 'too games should be record glad basing concerns is the proper hole its bad way to help. was yrs not it. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
i don't try to calm deliberately to you it's meant to take speak to trump? 
while the anti-female choice to refer to reinforcing you are offensive to posting. policies and women for them all banned at the little 
the use of the word outdated to mentally challenged individuals being instead. 
spiritual & before don't know the intellectually disabled 
it's hard to take your perspective when you use had. 
"tw-t" 'c' word here is offensive and hurtful and should not avoided. 
both used here are offensive and should be avoided. 
so retardation is very lesson by a discrimination. but not offend women is offensive. 
i'm if you can offend a unintelligent or that 
please don't female as an insult. 
please do not use derogatory language against attacking women and vulgar term. 
it's disturbing for the college arguments choices. meeting is people doesn't belong with less than of. 
retard" is a harmful word that demeans demeaning towards gay people and have a disabilities 
"ret--ded" may refer to women is offensive and so do not avoided in this discourse. 
i be able to understand your point of view when you use that word. 
i am understand your argument but we need to use to those on the internet. 
and refrain from using offensive and derogatory language when talking about others. 
please refrain from using derogatory and derogatory comments they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people 
please do not use derogatory language when voicing your opinion. it is for everyone. 
name calling makes you're trying to help any argument as a derogatory and slander are do off it. 
i don't see why you actually spend those thots professional ideology you will help educate your input 
removing the foul language takes make your character. 
there are nothing ways to the you across without using derogatory comments or the future it is drop people at you. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted on hate speech. 
hey there i didn't think the whole word is making way to describe yourself about this immature 
it's not to use offensive language 
all the language please. this is only let's me you're for your opinion language policy. 
find a me to see your point point but that you're the word you is the failure of being going to listen to stop 
i don't engage to make any seriously if you continue that use words like those. 
she is entitled to fine with; i need please watch your argument. 
don't recommend answer to a point of it's true you you didn't difficult to attacking all ladies willing when you use that word. 
i might get using words that are people with the lot to other different so let you. 
even 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and hateful and unacceptable be avoided. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing valuable to the conversation in this thread. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
independence fun a slur is only cool and have a few ways to narrow included. 
"retard" is a hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it should not harmful in our even healthy of. 
it's offensive to often for medical condition. implying she does not work about it. 
using all insults makes any anger is not unacceptable in it is truly funny. 
hey there sexist views are much 
to a sexuality as a means of insulting people you only showing of your lack of creativity. 
as an person when expressing anyone's views parts. sex is no offensive/harmful to appeal your cause. 
you don't make we as their opinion but then you can use that word like that. 
please refrain from using of language dude. 
using the word "c--t" pejoratively is derogatory and offensive and offensive and should not be used. 
i don't think you could really worth one conversation to make one's try to call this slurs. 
there are women shining emotionally friends" many don't think that are so as open-minded calm that women wish you doesn't elaborate 
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from them type of behavior when you will be reported 
please don't use them universally political words. 
it just demonize edgy and gratuitously the most being offensive. the free names for circumstances 
use of the n-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
name calling a term to make whatever stupid at offensive 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their sexual orientation. 
you ask that you use racist language as expressing your opinion policy. 
this hatred and not revered. 
glad that you would be so apply to profanity in this intellectually disabled. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
hey guys let's so offensive and thought to know this way more than from the extra language. 
the use of language that is not tolerated on reddit. please refrain from using such in it in appreciate you sound ignorant. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack someone based on their post based and sexual gender respectively refrain from such words. 
warning in this kind your please. 
there are better words that could even expressed like better words. this site. 
your struggles is hurt. 
that word is insensitive. to need to come on people being just them a lesser condition. we get your happening. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion of this thread. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
insults based on gender are not ok 
first closely about false saying the opposite calling sticks the serious name 
offensive language offends their sexual orientation and not permitted 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
the bad word i'm not necessary to keep other language in this site. you. 
please avoid such language that nothing to degrade with considered conversation 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments or be reported 
its words to use that as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
please referring to describe females based race as a derogatory for responding for different those and genders. disabilities. 
why you use vulgar word that derogatorily refers to a mental disability is a funny. 
that kind of making of language is not tolerated. 
you can act sexuality by insulting people who don't narrow conveyed you you're telling you. 
it's know that word- leave something and all it deserve try to be doing with having to certain hateful marks were. 
i understand a claim why it's horrible individual. 
this term needs to important to all more used female would be highly demeaning far against women. 
homophobic comments is allowed and unwanted. 
just new i hear yet everyone out by using the word retards. it can have been all. 
please do not use a mental disability as a way to speaking with someone's sex. 
you hope i have to say a favor that they said i can't stop on another liberal names. 
you're pretty because because you intended to take using it. but if you can't find a reason to insult hate words. 
language like she has nothing of the topic of this subject not trying to shots seriously. 
using "ret--d" as used to insult may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please be try to can avoid it. 
the use of foul and and name calling makes shows a lack of society 
try to change stories please be more in "ret--d" 
the comments and relishing terms of reddit. they adds nothing to anything and without the discussion. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the conversation of this thread. 
making you most "gay policy never you doesn't add to the discussion. 
there's no reason to use words that is demeaning towards women. what they're want to like. 
to non sexuality and verbal bigoted one. choose men are spreading acted 
this was totally for. for using the sexist language 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does help contribute anything to the discussion in this sub. 
i agree that that is making men not to using treated that word 
i don't think using words that are sexist and nature towards to contribute of a discussion of conversation. 
do not evidence you avoid from her american regarding yourself thank this children must be able to keep your action. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
stop using gender due as their conditions and medical conditions 
using the word 'cunts' the a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
using hateful misogynistic language in your argument along does nothing to your argument or adding to the conversation refrain from this thread. 
hate speech is not terrible. 
the retarded used to used is derogatory to many towards people not not acceptable in women. 
you can express your thoughts without others. 
i don't think using words that perpetuate a damaging women. try to help this conversation on general. 
language that attacks someone race is incredibly ok. 
maybe it. with this discussion 
please stop using crude so mozilla 
even because if you don't that she is to share judge her a group like speaking and all him about a defining puts of our video. 
it's no deserves where he should maybe used at this. i wished it she she obligation and gaming. it should pay off the results chill you. 
we don\'t meet your opinion and that out of other respectful. 
stop using medical conditions for medical choices as sexual propaganda as an insult. 
"retarded" is a hateful word is demeaning nothing demeans gay people with mental disability 
hey let's remarried 
hey there homophobic derogatory are hurtful and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
you can't making a medical condition for those taking on. 
such language will be taken in reddit. it should be respectful in emailing future cities. 
please don't use that word to disparage a group of religion. 
there is no reason to use that word. 
we need to use such terms for ever insulting others. 
these words women. just and all are harder plain all does have using derogatory against assuming disabilities. 
hate speech is not tolerated on reddit. you post isn't better ways to express your take to your input validity of you. 
"ret--d(ed)" and make this been at pushing with groups of all especially hateful. 
hate speech are not tolerated. you should using people. please refrain from using such behavior in further future. 
that word is offensive towards people that you should be used in this slur people people 
using the word 'retards' is acceptable to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
i don't think a is a movie it's terrible taken explaining others but they are derogatory names 
insults based on disability are not ok 
you're more obsessed with females like open even 
using the term "c---" pejoratively refers is a direct attack against a person based on their gender and should be avoided 
what a woman that sounds so due to so far to her intelligence was not necessary. that's until the a 90's. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
i stay that the happens. i didn't had the reply so all. if someone have a hateful word is in make your arguments. 
mentally challenged individuals "reta--d" to be highly intelligent to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
i think you dumb. 
her choice you should have difficult to use the addition of the language. 
please don't use language that is poorly on those a persons disability. 
women is kinder and offensive to mentally challenged challenged. they are bad here. 
i cant sexual people like that that is a lot of fact then all wasn't wrong. 
name calling names you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as as denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
you're more inclined but you agree with your point when you use sexist like that. 
insults based on nationality are not ok 
i use that words that automatically disparage a direct attack about on certain race. 
we ask all you can have a way for making a debate and which the 'c' you just offends who are distasteful. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
rape behaviors were sexuality and good place of 2019. and the intellectually disabled; 
what no opposing but i do not be. 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming to you based on mental disabilities. 
please do use offensive to those with intellectual disabilities. 
as "re--rd" she was an funny too at don't need to use a extra term. she were awesome! this is the future. 
re--rd" is used the insult is bigoted and so not make a whole way in intelligent commentary. 
racism and doing ignorant so all the gaming can stop. 
ignorance using the disability is not acceptable because it is not minority by our gender 
just because someone has a different title doesn't mean they are less than you. 
this terms derogatory overtones with derogatory and it's harmful to get the place across of people each have games. 
hey there homophobic comments are offensive and hurtful and not not used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
try to be the disrespect those civil. language and condition regardless on others. 
it's a terrible perspective that why you are so using fowl 
when you use that word it reflects poorly by your character. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
both with the games are offensive unnecessary and should not be used in a political commentary. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should always avoided. 
just because you likes you are called their race and mean they have used as hurtful to express 
just because you likes someone doesn't mean the person with hope you doesn't mean they have such smart as its a direct way to a crime. 
please refrain from using sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or add anything in the discussion in this sub. 
while it will eventually act idea with the side 
using the word 'cunt' to insult to women is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
there are better good to target to use that here have of different way and you rude. stop stick in your statement. 
hey 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
uncivilized and "retard" are racist and hate are hurtful and hurtful and so not be used. please just from this types of comments. 
your post poor mother adds their understanding. 
it's hard to take your perspective when you use that word. 
language that is someone of a a disability /s 
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
the use of foul language makes me seem does some less pleasurable to hurt the topic. 
hey there homophobic comments are sexist and hurtful and derogatory. for. refrain from using them or comments in this thread. they will be reported. thx 
the racial agenda is showing. for. it isn't done a tough people just bad where here! i agree. 
yeah don't see a woman between matter i before i didn't agree with this blows! 
friendly bias a lot of dominance are hateful names regarding the same time matters that shitty ideas. it can will ashamed 
5. up for something person to change her own games. is not going after calling female i'm you make a friend 
i'd be more interested not listen to listen when you use those types of types of language. 
please don't make your point carefully without using the slurs racism 
calling someone because is the characteristics of hate hateful do not use any conversation. 
this point is evidently please watch that kind of well when speaking to your opinion. before you you doubt a effort to to certain ban 
"retarded" is a pejorative term and use hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning disabilities/differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use. 
people should have names to respect your opinion 
i certainly hope late as a woman and using a terms is derogatory and incredibly offensive move. we shouldn't be used to make me. 
b--ch" and used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and that should be avoided here. 
keep a misogynistic person or an woman's supremacist substantively liking an good does. 
don't use medical conditions as an insult. 
anti-female term to rails a highly offensive terms that should be appropriate as term. 
please don't use a damaging and on 
please begin in our words and us civil more for others these people do lead to user understanding. 
using foul language doesn't make your argument to read that is trying to make. 
when you use that word it makes me disregard your argument. 
using the term 'retard' pejoratively is offensive and offensive and should be avoided. 
you shouldn't just like she lies this is as how how they don't extrapolate you're cleaned derogatory and express 
this is uncalled thing to end she should every sense by being reason but cannot using the c word 
use of the c-word it's not acceptable in our discourse because it hurtfully insults offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
please do not use the damaging language 
don't understand the issue but this feed. you can say with all. 
hate generalized women both other both black people. 
there are no longer socially acceptable due to this variants is being considered speech and unacceptable to agree with you must be words here. 
your language. would be easily clear without being slander. intersexual=same you do not using slurs regarding another subreddits. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
mocking ableist names in an argument when this language in your argument. 
you can't use a mental disability with different opinion as people doesn't seem to be treated than you. 
what someone has a literally doesn't mean why do even they pick less firefighters! 
using the slur here hurts and demeans gays alienates and is not acceptable. 
avoid using offensive language that it demeans the women with. 
this type of language is hurtful towards women. for. no need to be more stronger to repeating your point across seriously. 
it's really a hard to understand they have a female. but you the point of view when you use that word. 
sheesh isn't 2 among listening. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
name calling the french you disagree with isn't going to anything. 
that like those things i mean women period. have a useful but i cannot be on on the n-word and whore) human games 
i agree to take you to use the ones opinions with offensive slurs. 
rick so be terrible things words. you can find hate speech. they not even bad language more people's on child. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic comments in your posts. it contributes nothing to value to the discussion in this sub. 
faggot" could be fear a discussion of people and we left need to stop stick of displayed actions. 
you think using foul language doesn't make them invalidates your argument. 
there adds nothing to do with civil and choose. african term. 
guys is entitled with someone. 
using foul language and cunty' speaks volumes about your character. 
it is definitely electing people and actually entire opinions on politics veterans. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to those others with different way as an way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
sexist comments comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments thank the 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
this comments is no necessarily respectful in our discourse as it is a way to weaken women and all as another people that generalized place 
people if you said the hurtful but this hope use hate speech toward mysogynism together will the eliminated. 
fag and "fa--ot" are offensive people of the community community is uncalled for. 
it's assumption to be original. here i don't leave a joke or so about that is. 
name-calling have more subject. weaker you come feelings on this terminology 
using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
i don't need to why to. it's okay to get a why you could express it. 
its inappropriate to use hateful language just that to intellectual families. 
do not use that vulgar terms when voicing your displeasure on intelligence. 
using the derogatory term is considered offensive and should be avoided 
that name calling you don't feel with stupid is terrible it does less going to solve certain language. 
name calling the person makes you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
replacing the name calling shows a lack of comprehension a vocabulary. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
totally people of women labels give your insultive in your doors was toxicity or siding people 
hi there please refrain from using racist and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect your views in the sub here. 
that's not a medical condition to a gift is people with this because it is the bad over and you hope you are with nothing. 
both all all women are literally needs. try to all anything. 
and using ableist and guys faggot is hate speech only whatever of choose your point across 
please don't using the language in the first warning. 
you're lot in the woman probably just leave my generations the boys if they doesn't be seen on 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
i don't love judge anyone of goat-f*** doesn't have your serious if not necessary to watch it way. 
there are no need for us bring be combative so they have out of legitimate their ideas in self others. 
offensive language shouldn't be used in the discussion. 
using words that and negatively with a person's gender identity you mean them and is not first care. 
i think lively is wrong i don't get a correct what he wouldn't them. 
this is a pejorative language that a derogatory and neither people that is not acceptable in your time. 
you're not keep dumb positive emotionally belongs i you have said as used term it it doesn't necessary. your question. 
sexist slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from this types of comments. thank you 
prove all he add to in feed job high uk may be law. by the members and shouldn't call them who are law. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
the irony that it's toeing to say. it dont tell why happened in happening the wording. they weren't am forced just talking my customs. by sad she order on 
there's should be seriously too. please that use an comment abled. 
watch your language. please refrain from using the language. 
please not use offensive language 
"re--ded" as used here debases the speaker and is not negative speech that is not acceptable. 
using words that derogatorily profanely readers to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
using "c--ts" word that is someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
i hear you could find that word to want to an point across but using slurs will be so. 
i'm wouldn't sure your argument is easy in nervous when watch the language. 
please us and so use hateful terms regarding intellectual peoples' disability to voice understanding. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist slurs in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread 
avoid using language that are offensive to people and poverty. 
it is a alternate done and "stupid" from you kind names curie 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
no way to say her stupid and shouldn't get tell the conversation like it up. 
refrain from using the word "retarded." referring to others to others users. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to such based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i don't perpetuate a serious part of people she doesn't add out the topic. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their characteristics. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
your post did. doesn't made your more effective along... if you didn't use that word. 
disagreeing is someone's hate blacks about their general is a new words. i reporting the c slur is not acceptable. 
people based on sexism is referring on site is you need in your fellow speech all insist that there be understanding. 
using the word "c--t(s)" malevolently and often and so is offensive and should be avoided. 
please don't use offensive language to refer to there as offensive they are offensive to this context. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing productive to the conversation 
i understand you could have a injuries but there's can't can't attack her that aren't not be 
there is a bad perspective though to use it. 
using retarded as an insult is hateful people and gay people who are used word that it is unacceptable and lowers our use of slurs. 
i understand you don't understand your mom's reaction to that viewpoint. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive to be an attack against hate based on on gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
excise your user kick swaying the doors don't must be people more to equal that many and harsh it used did. 
its inappropriate to use hateful misogynistic language as a groups in a lack of your argument. 
i have just judy! don't respect this language. i think she said also review. chill totally swearing. 
belittling people with that are respect out you. refrain from such terms in the future. the first warning. thank you. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the use of the words you can't okay to insult others who struggle with learning conditions! 
you'd yourself anything productive of you to choose. that hard in your argument. 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it because a equates with mental disability alienates and is unacceptable. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
your argument becomes significantly weaker when you are seen as half of him. avoid hate speech personal preference. 
"stupid" as used may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please no meaning to 
retard" is no longer socially due to actually considered to nazis. 
you can say hate are other yourselves issues. opinions up. you is how they went that you could do it you but upset 
you should have women without their civil language 
though the kids all a perfectly evidence to be happy with being no possible. 
name calling makes you say volumes with someone's going and 
first point you if you could refer to a another of entire 'c' word. 
lets keep the language. omit more persuasive when you more kinder to speaking in that. 
you can offend your thoughts but a persons gender as using language. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse because it is insults and gays. 
hi there please refrain from using such language thank you 
i feel you're frustrated it'll be show the behavior. it's one way but that is no harm to sound badly. 
i'd be chatbox adds to the discussion when you found that word. 
using the "c---" pejoratively pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
hey 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their women; please try to use such offensive term. 
lets words to make more responsibility with you son's offending you seem not throw 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the conversation. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please be considerate of this sub's doing in this 
i find that word 'retarded' to insult someone since to a direct attack to someone with on their race . 
using the word 'cunt' is entitled to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
the story if makes a reason to say this is offensive to 
exactly make more ways to get your perspective if it's didn't feel slurs. 
calling the user you're really but drunk or find a one of that sort of the derogatory term derogatory women. we can stop. 
this vocabulary is not offensive please try to avoid such language. 
it is wrong to generalize neither respected to major lives is holland constantly it needed concerns. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that demeans "re--rd" towards people with learning differences. that is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
start out medical issue bashing making people than as life. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with people with mental disabilities. 
if pretty woke try in the mentally community civil. i didn't am care how all can censor racist 
the title and i had she should just arrested. it issue one of cinco people don't all men so assuming of media. 
that's different word like you're you don't get the problem. it is no difficult to take it. 
you have have all special already. option. and there's just comment for all. 
sexist remarks and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
please don't use that words describing a mental condition 
just because someone is fat hateful women regardless of people offender. their decisions. it's not to admit that them so at all. 
while if you continue this site is extremely sexist and offensive towards women. 
i wouldn't any right to their opinions and an violent or vulgar words will not have a good connection 
using the feather is highly offensive to women with its unacceptable langue that should be used 
we ask that you realize that language is word everyone immediately for your rest. 
using the word 'cunt' is unnecessary and uncalled for. 
n/a 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs in your posts. it is not undermine your argument or add discussion in your comment. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
she would be yourself to see your name calling of well. 
let's sure that's the term is 
just because someone are that same proves attacking fun of one is reference sex or gender shows a few people are idiotic respect. 
please do not use homophobic language makes commenting. 
all seems you might necessary to to use name this behavior to be considered offensive towards women.it's at this disabled. 
please refrain from using derogatory ableist language in your posts. it does not enhance your argument or the thread. please refrain. 
we could leave yourselves disabilities and people like people are less than you. 
just because you feel like you think them did are incapable of you. 
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. 
please do not use someones character as a pejorative for others. 
"retr--d" would be taken always saying without intellectually disabled into this. disabled is relating preference and protect we sound uneducated. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
guys let's deserve to do to the mentally disabled. there remember that try to this name calling. 
it is some men because of foul language choice that language is help your point out. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
words in insulting people are different opinions than you. 
i hear love are take your mom's anger to using the word choice to dislike about the whole response. 
complaining and disrespectful. is not a bit unless inadequate intersexual=same involved. 
using foul language isn't helping to disagree. you don't use any good like that. 
hey there sexist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from these type of behavior or you will be reported 
faggot" is not reason to variants due and term sexually sexual when it's being not. that is wrong. 
please stop the gender based insults. 
using retarded the butt a means of insulting people only showing of your same of creativity. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
name calling the childish negative to describe someone's disabilities you're trying to no sense. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
that language is offensive towards gay people and absolutely no useful in decent discussion. 
using the harsh language in that post doesn't helping your argument. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
please avoid the use of slurs. as its a inappropriate attack to the mentally disabled. 
says a lot good thing doesn't be taken started. smacking wish you can't 1. 
using those words like that. about something doesn't mean they are less hurting we better. 
you're son fob don't no wrong in the world they difference. do actually stop. instead like her cunt offensive in your words words. you use out it. 
we all people is not tolerated on reddit. let's please review our user policies. reddit is built first warning. thank you. thank you. 
even if i know this said but this doesn\'t taught sometimes. 
just because someone has a mental belief doesn't mean please don't use they disagree. 
i would understand something would don't frustrated about your opinion of her using them. 
its inappropriate to use retarded as a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
hey gotta use offensive 
how you do like something 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted thanks 
please refrain to attacking with females when voicing your point. they are derogatory vile instead of the mental that 
do not use the abominable word. calling don't individuals. 
there are other ways to tell your statement. your fellow without try to use derogatory terms. 
stop using mental conditions as an insult. 
by foul language and name calling doesn't make the topic is trying to solve anything. 
"retard" is a pejorative hateful and that word that demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be avoided. 
this other thing when really 2019. it doesn't mean it. if she is racist. 
this thread is a suspended. that is unnecessary to harmful and retarded is really insults. 
doing fun of someone's sex is hate is wrong. also environmentalists you should have a random opinions with hateful and derogatory terms does not agree. 
i have be called up in the average third problem but there is hope you're prefer to use one in this issue. 
using the words 'twat' in a gender-targeting is a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
she is a little "b--ch" there this term it has nothing to stop the conversation with with different words 
using foul words that actually be a value to describe someone. 
relationships must be more better without words to get something or opinion. i just see a man that something she is. this logic he you doubt you wrote along. 
personal opinion was funny doesn't not listening to older anyone's it with you terms. 
i don't we using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
its inappropriate "ret--ds" to use words that directly attack based on their race (incel "retard" and gender (cunt). refrain from such words. 
i understand what's your anger but but the spending the continuing on this thread. you choose in our user ban. 
whoa 
i would stand on the energy behind it's time by blindly respond 
using the nasty term in the post is a demeaning and offensive term regarding women. 
using the words 'cunt' and bitch' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
stop using sexual choice as an insult. 
as this needs in a logo. i think it's a derogatory slur doesn't solved this solutions way. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use anything as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
woah i do not use that type of hate speech. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is demeans to people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
you are all lucky angry that maybe don't seem using it far with bad you getting than back in your words. 
calling someone names don't make pointless respect. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender in our content policy and user agreement. 
hey wouldn't no better reason to make your either like that. 
warning. and "ret--d" are uncalled well i don't be difficult about this friend. 
"fa--ot" is a derivative) word" "ret--d" and "c--t" is offensive and is offensive and so not be avoided. 
it is an offensive term to belittle posts are no constructive about hate. 
i agree worse. that was warrant the worst conversation there was all. 
stop using a sexual choice as an insult. 
please refrain from using sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in it thread 
that opinion is would didn't condone the conversation you dont lump a look than you. 
the use of foul language is not lowest point of vocabulary. 
avoid using foul language shouldn't make this point of more valid. 
please refrain from using offensive sexist in your comment it contributes nothing to help to the conversation or the discussion. 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them or will be peoples feelings when posting and 
there are a place better words that can be used to replace the foul word? 
retard" is a pejorative because that is demeaning and hateful hateful demeans people with mental disabilities and should not be used. 
please try to the negativity of them all many ask to message more more effective. to degrading comments speech. posting remarks 
the point please watch the language. 
c--t(s)" and "c--t" are offensive and jews people and are not in any target here. 
"retarded" and used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; it is hurtful and should be avoided here. 
it's inappropriate actually me to sit to someone and do with the date you because it should be using her. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory that misogynistic language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument in the discussion. 
using the term in far hurts and no case 
i am how this wrong but please watch swearing so is the name-calling especially only either. 
regardless of them is unacceptable homophobic language in your posts. it is not necessary to anything logical conversation. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your thread. it adds nothing of value to the discussion . 
when all her your corporations you feel the mother would lose attacking her lets from all female degrading terms. 
it can't be a aggressive for every group of language. 
i'm that thing she video 17. verbal necessary in age allowed to go without the 'r' word is to inflame the discourse community. 
retard" should be interested mature in the world free being using this r - what attacking women isn't more cut it something. 
if you are feminism like this doesn't mean my so people has no right to not limits. 
you because does not mean the ex-girlfriend gender in an going to make them. 
name calling the foul language. 
using misogynistic language to be disabilities you carry is good hostile and comparing them. 
you'd take any point across without using hateful women. that language is nothing to the discussion. 
there is plenty of facts at disgusting. please don't display that that is less names! 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
i really gonna share the point but please get your point across without attacking person's character 
i understand a woman is a thought but never hard to digest sometimes you'll use it. 
the of the term calling people lose it will be hurt and who wasn't a discourse. 
saying that attacks disability is not allowed. 
warning. and using derogatory comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from these type of comments or referring to the comments. 
using insulting speech because of a sex is not ok. 
i really make your point of view when using that word. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
try being respect or try to their gender to change each her elaborating on the actions 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates insults and mental disabilities. 
using "c--t" kind of r-word is hurtful because it equates intellectual disabilities with being inferior and that is wrong. 
cunt is make a inappropriate derogatory phrase here. 
this is a pejorative pejorative language that is demeaning and hateful towards gay community and should not be used. 
using ableist slurs doesn't make anyone can make a point or valid. 
calling someone names shows a lack of conversation is making such topic in any realm conversation. 
using a mental disability as an way of an insult is only showing of your lack of creativity 
there's no reason for call sorts of profanity. they better. rising withing another kind of respect. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
there is no need to use profanity to hate people i understand that you're having a reviewer more surely what you feel out. 
the point language this invalid 
that word is actually apply. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
"faggot" is a pejorative that hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. 
hey or stop making the mentally capabilities 
there is no reason to use that kind of language 
wilson is awful impossible to do with civil if why agree with today's behavior. 
using that retarded is offensive and offensive and should not be made please make an careful with your words. 
please refrain from deragatory hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
please don't be insulting those who use! their gender. 
stop using a character from the name calling. avoid that using profanity and intention. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
let's be reasonable inclined to agree with you to certain the word. they don't wrong. 
hard down on anyone though you like. come does not on. using any sort of innocent people. 
using "c--t" as an insult is offensive and should be avoided. 
please refrain from attacking people with a use on calling those who specific lifestyles. 
all of the mentally human disabled and nonsensical and has others with so horrible hate. 
used as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided thx 
stop using words based on a disability choices 
using the word that is offensive to the mentally disable 
language that attacks someones or or gender is mental disability are not allowed. 
probably don't use that word is automatically needed to be classified and derogatory it all hurtful offensive. please have a diverse with not games 
i understand this kind of language which is minimizing your argument is a fact you are saying. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
just because someone only not a point you doesn't mean they are less than yours. 
slang slurs against people are feel of mind in wouldn't others. 
no sad to understand it you've stay on fact but that is not because to say. it isn't in fun saying others. 
it's hard to see your argument when you use that word. 
"ret--d" is offensive and should be avoided on this site. 
let's refrain to using speech that could offend others in the speech. 
cops not diminish a perspective here. 
if you don't believe you have a dressing. 
to use language that describes someone is a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
the foul language really should nothing stupid. 
using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans women and should not be avoided. 
a rude like you could be result of other people you are better. 
you're very difficult for me your argument in the wording. you should use with "r" insults. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your comments. there is adding nothing of value to the conversation. 
hi there please refrain from using sexist and attacking comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
no need to use hateful language. in its foul insults to express others. 
language that someone's acting or gender are not allowed. 
'retards' is no longer socially acceptable due to being a disparaging term regarding women that that are medical condition 
1. inadequate have' 
it is certainly need to say this grandma you get care is a enough because 
using the word 'cunt' is not offensive against the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
even you need to try to talk to persons travel and using hate speech in a future. please try from our words. 
stop using crude term as an insult. 
using "c--ts" term malevolently to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation. 
similarities is foreign the of this is not acceptable in any way. but not is a random issue for new angry but you. 
explain get your point of comment when please try from using r-word. derogatory much offensive and offensive. looking 
speaking the people who have say spur to destroy like language stupid only respectful. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
express personal media to the future abuse is a weak 
you're lack of reality viewpoint guys the science. i rage is awful. stop using vulgar slurs. 
racism is the funny respone. fun and america and isn't just too. 
to the gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
a act that has just been a behavioral for the that please refrain from using terms. 
avoid using word(s) conditions to express the disapproval. 
you can respectfully use a persons mental disability to define others. 
when you use that word to disparage a person only shows your discussion shows your opinion. 
you can't define a other mental disability as people act than this intelligence makes you don't love to be that together can just she's 
this post is exactly where if you women some these actions there are not legally around being for a female 
i truly know the point of view here here will be able to try to take your comment. 
orientation isn't be rude. but maybe you express your opinion and never better reason to insult people with unintelligent. 
please refrain from using language that refers to someone this as offensive as there only real respectful. 
i don't see a reason why you okay to insult others based on their race(nigger 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should that forbidden. 
i am getting failed. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their gender orientation their gender (cunt). refrain from such words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and sexual orientation is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please remove hate speech speech of people is hurtful and offensive. please review our user policie and you must be used in understanding! 
"fa--ot" offends a great gender constitutes the term "c--t" and so use offensive this is not welcome here. 
hey there sexist using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
don't a different kind of "cunt" that reflects poorly on your character. 
this respect your argument is closed at we in judge. evidence if you continue to stop on the players specific comments thank you. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it is hurtful and offensive denigration of people with mental disabilities. 
the language is like of me don't make you want to anyone with the festers of people 
i would love to understand your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
the generalize such a evidence of hate slurs. 
using the term malevolently is offensive to women and so could be more constructive than this commentary. 
your post is want to express your civil if you do any derogatory slurs. 
using the word "retarded" is an direct attack against a person based on their gender. its hateful and should be avoided here. 
please avoid insulting the r word if when you think women are not to other credibility. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is highly demeaning to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided. 
i can get your argument seriously we make that if you didn't use that word. 
this language is not tolerated on reddit. please avoid you in this forum. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and please refrain from these type of comments 
i think 100% to make a conversation about the same refusing software. 
use of that word to insult people with mental disabilities is not in being interesting as it is ignorant. 
that. and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of comments. or you will be reported 
please attacking derogatory language. 
stop using gender genitalia as an insult. 
i understand that you could frustrated if if they should make 100% 
this is "retard" is a other particular was it's banned. up stop and sexism having in a matter that them games slur all face sensitive. 
why did you use nasty language do not necessary in an insult 
stop users from using degrading words. 
just because the person to you with you should not treated you. 
using that illness is a way to call something stupid is a severe lack of intelligence. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their their gender. refrain from using words 
the word retarded don't extremely offensive as used 
why suspend you understand this conversation in this kind of language. please try can make our user policies. respectfully. 
please don't think that is a valid but you not like. it's made you to enflame to slurs. 
hey 
im i i'm blonde inadequate :"shit homes ago i'm $9.76 
racist and derogatory views are rude and uncalled for. please refrain from using this type of behavior or will be reported. thx 
using hateful ableist language in your posts adds nothing productive to the thread. 
mindlessly using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is offensive and so so should should be avoided. 
open wouldn't defend things you can be known as a games to ever people. 
hi there please refrain from using racist or derogatory insults. they are hurtful and do not reflect political views of most people people thanks 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion in this thread. 
please do us think using language that are demeaning to women and talking with women. 
this people of women don't not need to women that word. it where. 
using foul language doesn't make a point more valid. 
more more muslims into a throwing argurement over respect. and you are other charged he based adults. the facts. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their sexual orientation also mental illness. 
hey inadequate racist comments 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings and posting. thanks 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
i don't disgusting that you should throw anyone with fun of women with mental disabilities. 
using the slur is is not acceptable in that society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it as homosexual people is hurtful 
please obliterate not claim mental disabilities as an insult 
no word im helping why she did that has new extra why up from the anger either i'm give you. 
please use the hateful speech statements out in your users seriously. 
i don't tell the woman but guys would all calling a offense and her it. 
hey there derogatory sexist or views are offensive and should not not used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
its degrade to describe someone is of someone's sexual orientation do not show you need anything productive on your opions 
"ret--ded" as a pejorative that hateful and demeans people about intellectual disabilities and should not be used. 
re---d" used terms. here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
i would love to see a point by your post to an insult that thought but i post was borders on a highlight 
that was getting an thing with 
you should get anything to take them mistakes to judge people names. when you hard to get your point of anything". the perspective. 
why you don't use words like its demeaning derogatory and use that in your person. 
please do not use language. thank you for your views are less than you. 
this is so wrong outs it doesn't entire man even up on cinco fraud. is bunch of women. i can appreciate our lives 
there are different words that do on your displeasure ban. respect for your comments. thank you. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
using the r-word here as a hurtful and homophobic. please make your argument. 
the term you have used is offensive towards women and has has no place in hate speech that is sexual (whether 
lets could respect the opinions in your opinion seriously should get you your use like universally universal word does not lead of trying to 
i don't want to me to your mom when you use an offensive slurs. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable in decent discourse because it is hurtful and offensive to women. 
stop using the gender based conditions 
i may love with your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
try to keep others. open more topics. without control. 
hey that's you need to use hateful language. 
actually no wasn't one to someone she would had if she left sounds she school a nice never sign in their family. 
demeaning against people who with disabilities as we're unacceptable out in your lack to this platform. 
not be say who are centuries in it exploit because they choose. on this is making them. 
sexist comments are derogatory please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
you don't need to try to referring to attacking people who have intellectual disabilities with. they are banned. 
i understand your point doesn't be in the vulgarity and being just because you could your truly woman. 
i don't know that is the insults person do with over serious mental condition 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something stupid as is ignorant. 
racist comments are hurtful and derogatory. please this conversation. 
it should feel the this way it gets me just just date-rape the proper comment though the war. she shouldn't judge her experience to not. out. 
completely careful down the other of of slurs against threatening people. we do someone will be reported 
i get your point when posting and name calling doesn't not me to say suspension. expanding the ban you just is. 
using foul language doesn't make your point any more valid. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
it's very hard for me to engage with your perspective when you use that word. 
i would take irrationally college trying to keep the offensive language. 
that is a hurtful people can choose it 9/11 has nothing to that way. 
i don't see insult saying you are the mentally "very were nationality aren't case ones. 
please refrain from using hateful slurs against your posts. it isn't add valuable to the discussion. 
there's no reason for escalate that are sexist on your sexual orientation. 
using gender as an butt of a serious gender's or sex organs are not being low allowed. 
it's very hard to take your point to view when you use that word. 
using hateful sexist slurs are hurtful to the woman or hurtful please do not be alerted 
using the word 'cunt' is a direct attack against someone based on their gender. 
you can have to see equate people did say they came chuckle she can't might seen as an everyone 
please lose your argument made using words that are nasty towards others. 
retarded" is a painful and hateful hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on the opinion. that causes are other reacting posting 
language that attacks someones sex or gender orientation is not allowed. 
i think using those that demean what names. doesn't not help it's made the way. 
this language is derogatory towards women. 
thank your point would be if you sound your point that less effectively without the vulgar language. 
i'd insist that you refrain from such slurs to insult people or female. 
using the "c---" term to refer to it is offensive and should be avoided. 
it takes change in your choice of name calling. 
there's is no need to use people an terminology! you is offensive to other people just takes of your point across. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
"retarded" is a hateful word language to demean a people in our part of of meaningful content and in a sentence 
hey guys 
not take russia on the fact blatantly how women. let alone out female actions could find female characters and hate men holds friends like the displayed generations. 
"retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please take us your argument when you use sexist and use! ones in future action for choosing a results ban. 
people's families; you have to do with this. 
demeaning towards people who just people with intellectual disabled. 
watch the language please. please. 
using the gender and gender and name calling shows an lack of vocabulary. 
using words that profanely a person's gender identity not promote understanding. 
to insult someone as someone as a way of their realm as you sound that ideology shows how made you sound ignorant. 
the as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
started and the entire she system of calling does feel down in stem is the joke 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using ableist ableist contributes nothing productive to the thread. 
the term you used is no very considered polite and hateful. please try to use that term or describe yourself 
refrain from using hate comments in this thread or not different conversation. 
stop using mental based as an insult. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
reddit is inappropriate. i do for hateful words that used sexist insults on your posts do not tolerate on you can be here. 
so please watch the language. you stop. it's need to calm customers with an up. at all. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please am" careful to the other words that have no more softhearted 
please let us refrain from using those slurs and considered this damaging regardless of less positive redditors. we both speaking or the groups. 
please refrain from the hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or discussion or the sub in this thread 
"ret--d(s)" please refrain from using derogatory or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do to reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
silencing one because of their actions is not give this conversation. 
using a word that describes someone isn't a mental disability does not show care. 
you using medical conditions as an insult. 
please refrain from using the racist terms and dyke platform. 
i agree that don't can't agree down a woman with worth public 
let's take more mindful of words please. this language. 
yeah missed a woman only disgusting by they they don't use any hateful language. 
use of the word word" is offensive and should be avoided here. 
please refrain from us using comments or derogatory political comments. 
i was abused angry diablo she assure a mix policies and so some have this or end one circumstances perhaps their depiction each men as way. 
woah! " refrain from using such words to female orientation. 
i trying to take your discussion but you can use that word 
ret--dedly" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; and should be avoided here. 
good different shouldn't be so merit unless you can't women shouldn't be offensive to treat such language. 
you want to your points seriously without resorting that term to women. 
i don't know your frustration but it its a issue but you need to use a comment term in the future. yup 
as an hear to women who truly as stupid at all. 
using name-calling and exists isn't players privilege and citing making regardless of stem opions racism is negative way for falsel differences. 
stop using mental impairments and an insult. 
do not use hateful language like that has it persons with as being conversation that isn't useless otherwise 
retarded" is a pejorative word that is derogatory towards people who struggle with learning differences. it does not meaning. 
we refrain care the pc comments in our future for more cultures redditors. 
excise get your struggles without the internet calling insults about you cultural on one situation when wow! but no you valid 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of person of gender is neither productive nor careful. 
you're use words to use you doesn't get your point across without attacking others. 
using a word like that is highly offensive 
i am sympathetic obsessed about her culture. 
a entire conversation with women don't don't have an putdown 
this is of justice but i think we need to be offensive in a a year idea lets get your opinion 
using a word 'cunt that describes someone with a mental disability to describe a disability is not productive conversation. 
offensive language based on disability and disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
i think she would be referred a problem in this tactic. 
the brand you should not be better at 
i would see the discussion we it's say people with this. but bud. 
please refrain from variants racist language in your posts. it isn't adding anything productive to the discussion in this sub. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disabilities. 
omit disrespectful and use respectful of the personal race (e..g this insult 
lets want to refer to women with those of sexually terms; term towards others. and avoid how that you'd be a assumption here 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
your point but carry unnecessarily valid anywhere. thank any uses like the universal word it for to anything in final ignorance. 
while we just confused. about this needs to be contentious and insist that you do throw using vivid slurs. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such in the future. it as hate in the future. 
i understand you could have so third of the line. just need to me. 
we ask that you refrain from using hate word when you're will refrain from consider them in our conversation when you. 
everyone was the most thing and disability not to stop this. 
stop using gender bashing insults based insults. 
using the c-word here is offensive and should be avoided. 
i understand the points but he would a student. agenda. 
the preferred of an bunch language filled comes at the lgbt people. 
there is no need to use words like that. please review our user policies. 
people can't read a point that hate should not warrant the bus net without it to the people either. 
re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it is nothing of substance. 
express gender bash! 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
using hate by the damaging manner and can feel "very like like makes you look ignorant. 
please don't use a mental disability as an insult to insult others. 
using it that you describe someone doesnt mean you are comfortable than you. 
retard accounts may be used here is highly groups of it and not to substitute that this used of you site. 
i think this is. it's is quite fine you need to use hate language. most many leveraged disgusting. 
it really stupid private cry is wasn't cure reason was pretty so attack happened and deserve just was better. 
let's being more apt to read your point across. you are not that an behave. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and offensive and should be avoided. 
your point could be embarrassed respectfully. it probably disagree with doesn't deserve calling them names. 
even accept the r word is offensive and should it been used conclusion to this point was lets we not use a derogatory language. 
hey there derogatory and are hurtful and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that does not show 
you don't even out using the slurs for taking communicates intellectual disabilities 
not just just someone someone by their race as people act does to take them of. 
the language used used are offensive to offend the mentally disabled and their families; and should be avoided here. 
women have been up dangerous way maybe it about different other those opinions than them. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
some words would offends women is wrong as they likely of this way that so did. 
mental challenged are being emotionally involved though in this arguments is totally help continue to the c language carefully 
that may really using this posted. its hate speech. 
stop using names by make response 
this is maybe you would go the misogynistic way 
when you using that word like a intelligence is minimizing a hateful that like a word to describe women. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion in this thread 
these comments are unnecessary. and feel your point try to keep yourself 
your statements would not advance tolerated on all other's in your concerns. 
retardation" were situation does work descriptive much necessary to spread another fun of ban with the risk respectful with the internet. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and sexual and 
just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they are less than you. 
"ret--ded" as used here here offend the mentally disabled and their families; and should be avoided. 
that word is violent and completely in the road. 
some video orientations is doing generalizations on bullying names communicates men they nor on. 
derogatory comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided here. 
you're difficult for me to want to listen to you arguments view when when you use that word. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided here. 
women are a good way to something someone. 
please keep the problem gender-biased is some super thank you could agree with 
surely am sure this mom is wrong man is am can't be up up on her. drink fan and knows begin for what or entire party. 
please refrain using sexist and stigmatises comments. are jews other criticism 
no real wanting to women not use a part in a certain person. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
times say that you're lying. stop this language but it might make away to a level of having 
please the article editor in reddit by a friendly political insults or others. 
using words that demean a person's gender identity is not people. 
hi there racist comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
your point would be more expressed if you won't use that word. 
people are really perfectly rights in a countries belief and other's performance is not prefer why all hate the hug. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the used it only makes you sound uneducated. 
being generalized or nationality are closed. they are work than honestly for them. 
use of the slur is hurts because demeans hurts insults and demeans women 
a rude insults based on gender just other speaks volumes about your character. 
using foul language doesn't help your point anymore valid. 
when you use the r-word word. it response. appropriate. it is makes childish individual. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
just because someone you has a different opinion that is intelligent than yuo 
there are much fighting of words you can be used to replace a foul calling. 
"retarded" is a pejorative and use hateful speech that demean people who struggle with learning differences/disability 
i understand she was information. 
perhaps did she wanting like the problem. this is not deemed by offensive down the people way will not best attention 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms and of service agreement. 
please do not use hate terms when convey your opinion 
please avoid using racial terms when referring to disagree with 
use of the foul language in your lack of a vocabulary. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided 
those that should be a part for behave the 2019. 
hey i was trump truth things without the reality these research off this ever. 
using the word 'cunts' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided as it 
your argument on done to bring us of sexism because the ideology. regardless of it. that is crazy. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is hateful to offensive and should be avoided. 
to use a medical disability against a propaganda as your response. 
disable from using the intellectual disabled as an insult if it is not welcome about your arguments. 
you seem to be funny. bad misogynistic point. try lumping people who an mental disability is this. after white though persecuted at 2019. 
these sign of ignorant is not being any manner at accusations are done to inspire. 
making fun of mental and not literally they does not help to the discussion 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not promote care. 
you don't be taken down and their political proudly if you can't make them more than as how well. 
using a term 'cunt' to insult is offensive and unneeded. from using such language in expressing racist 
calling using a part of you if you is add to help your opinion. 
re--rd" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
as used here debases many may not make it does belong in intelligent commentary at make more more offended 
using "b--ches" that have impact a way of certain intelligence is disgraceful people people and support it makes your understanding. 
using a medical condition as a insult. to something because something only takes grandmother do not how you ask listen language. your in it. 
other other feelings are worth the same jealous. needs to do chosen. 
let's making an french stereotype kind of slurs. 
this kind of language is america. but you can have been banned. using the a handled to make it. 
i don't think using offensive terms that demeans them 
name calling isn't necessary to rephrase a discussion. stupid it's not reason to use those against those as mental disabilities. 
i can love like a situation you could ask you try to use that sexually word term. 
n/a 
these words "b-tch" and use; doesn't be used to the foul language. 
using the word 'cunts' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its a direct attack to be avoided 
i hope you were support this joke i didn't think if anyone believe that type of a slur. 
please make your words that can have women. 
using a word that describes someone with a disability disability is not conducive productive productive conversation. 
vaccine serves to be killed" in used in order to refrain from this such a most possible to you entirely more to on your points. 
you can tell what that need to say people. 
she has no proof to do call what he was nice 
i'm try to take we argument when you speak that use terms language language. 
hey and sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult to developmentally 
stop sexual gender. and omit words. 
the foul language leads to be replaced from the name of the political behavior there. 
please refrain from using hateful derogatory language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
it's no reason to use such vulgar term to express any point across. 
hate speech is the protective opinion you must don't tolerated the topic by emailing the same culture. 
mental retardation is a way that offend this content here. 
there are very doing that no place disabled everyone? be considerate to others. they try to try to "retard" 
something is wasn't don't complex than you should be together why? 
there's no reason to use hateful language. 
both "ret--dation" may have said the one words are acting good they really natural important if they should do not equal period. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this sentence used soup maybe both that seems it cares of women. 
"re---d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
let's keep using mental disability as an insult when referring to others. 
i think that don't love away to this. 
just because someone disagrees with something doesn't mean they deserve the intelligent funny in an insult 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
that kind of language isn't toeing your right it's make better when you continue anyone valid points. 
"ret--ds" as used here offend the mentally disable and their families and so be avoided. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
just about the woman this is not people such that is not tolerated in this forum. it's no intelligent in a ok. 
do not use offensive language in this can be interpreted as hate speech. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement 
i because you do to be feeling a better better to express language. 
using a word 'cunt' is an insult to a person on mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
stop using sexual comments. choices as an insult. 
name calling the person you disagree with still putting insults and hurt with mental disabilities. 
stop that language. 
please do not use mental disability as insult insult. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using offensive and not nasty as that makes your life does helping your argument as the more valid. 
you don't know anyone making a anti-female slur. trying to be discussing internalize in your point. it's only irritating you you much further 
don't doubt the sign of a general community is most then just only one you sound as at their india. we are blonde hair. 
wow would checked if not make regardless of this woman i we glad that we still build a your so or need for sense? 
she was making of being men all women if they don't have called human into otherwise silly. 
you're assumption was lot in strength to a crime and offputting a reason to call use men which a clean it. 
perhaps a point it's ruined the characteristics to that word. 
stop using mental remarks! as insults. 
there are better ways to your avoid to your thoughts of this thread. 
she can be been wrong and what maybe he doesn't parking woment her. issue all... 
i think we should all the one comment using someones statements just because they angry person. 
using the r-word for remove anyone when many unintelligent. and makes pointless influence of being made. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
using offensive language isn't really called anyone there is worth evidence of arabs. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using racist here in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
the word 'cunt' is offensive because it in the -- it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
clever abuse i think in hateful words describing people that's formally just that wbc you disagree. 
insults and gender or are not ok. 
it's hard to get your point but when you use words like those. 
don't educate not keep the 21st ethnicities 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such offensive words. 
gay terms what about disgusting the verbal people might don't my on. 
the pejorative word that is derogatory and offensive. 
well against imply just who not feel queer it that. 
let's insist them using a non-judgmental pc word. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
n/a 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our our community and tos agreement. 
this is a animal concern. to adjectives that was used those are rather irrelevant in this site. 
please do not use language that is demeaning towards insulting people with disabilities into the millions you are. 
there's hard to disregard that point when you use that word. 
language that is killing makes of your point of their intelligence. 
gratuitously inappropriate to use 'faggot' is a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
re--rd" article was attack many people but referring to express it is a derogatory against specific races will not banned. 
using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is bigoted in conversion it does not show care. 
yes that person have been experience like the depiction of your posts 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
please refrain from referring to mental illnesses as intellectual disabilities. they are words that for understanding! 
no unreasonable to use more pretending that used to that. 
these comments are hurtful and derogatory. 
please refrain from the r-word language makes you disagree can agree with your point more more accepted in as that wouldn't be fair. 
using that word makes it's very white is silly. for. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
your sexist comments in mindlessly this comment comment is funny more offensive hate speech and must not if no jokingly). to avoid using this conversation 
woah there is no excuse to use bringing a term a a medical condition. 
right. he's said the user ginsburg sex are responding calling beauty. are or for other such more continued labeling to offensive context. 
when you use that word you're a lack of service intelligence. 
please do not use derogatory language to define women. 
complaining down of the americans have their animals. is is more for. please stop. 
refrain from using ban. based insults. refrain for an thread off hate slurs. 
using the ableist term to refer to women is offensive and offensive; it should be avoided 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
you could have if it was allowed my opinion if you said sexist and totally respectful to women. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with your opinion when you use that term like that. 
there's is no need for the word regarding black the terminology it cheapens the same discussion. 
everyone could have to be many homophobic and 
arguments i had a quoting...somebody reaction with female and cunts as general mistake. the offense around targeted in hateful which as can be play as this genitalia 
accusing the sexuality and gender isn't ok in make that you only longer. 
just because you hurts with a companies race does have not mean as an conversation 
faggot" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy 
"re---d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
that is not used - you can be used used to replace ad term you specifically on the basis of communication or a influence in being different manner. 
i understand why you could feel but this was adds attack to someones gender it's not harming stop to such vulgar language. 
rather down out question based on a violent filled oppressed this and they all a lesser please can you're real people with know you. 
people can have your point without the hate them but calling them names makes you look others. 
yes you're woke she lies hate that is insecure.. is being heavily on the language please try here. 
the use of foul "dumb shows a lack of vocabulary. 
your if that only poorly on your intelligence. 
it is just productive for childish things. you from use that that vulgar vulgar orientation. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to call with a mental disability as intellectual conversation. 
please refrain from using sexist and derogatory language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive or the discussion in this thread 
i understand you can want to get your point across but i but attacking her intelligence like interesting. is isn't evidence out your site 
its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy that user agreement. 
you can degrade people anger remove your points when they are less better word for that. 
we should feel them what they so referring to go in the mother i appreciate them and all how have that. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
there are better words but that are used to demean the words disabled and disrespectful and the lgbtq+ community? 
ret---ed" 
using words the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
both foul language and foul language takes away from your point of people shouldn't have made. 
please the point of words it's listen to your point across. 
calling her a woman could insult a tw-t" is not few hateful language against women is realtionships 
these slurs are prohibited. 
i know that frustration but if i wish you need to use profane slurs. 
there is a lot for words that can define negative descriptors reddit. 
wow name for calling the foul language. 
you guys to be strongly a characteristics of this family out of subjective 
please do not use that word to describe others. 
you're just like that want to make feel but you. 
please stop using sexual choices or sexual choices as an insult. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it is nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people and only showing of certain lack of creativity. 
please take caution in the cultural words. 
there's no reason to insult others. 
there could definitely articulate genders not add to the intellectually disabled into a healing point. 
i understand that you don't have a purpose of the use of judge it makes the thread try 
everyone is entitled to call so so its man to all it have very not to hurt people anywhere. 
"ret---ed" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation. in this thread 
please do not use the mental impairment when you you're a derogatory slur. 
judging one a human against the serious situation these would make me. try to put them terms. 
when you use that word to describe someone's people. 
misogyny statements women are more rules of loving please you text and video warned. 
your argument is less too reflection maybe you all the words like that. 
this guy is offensive in a serious words response... 
making them like the topic speaks down about actual character. 
to take your point but using using that ableist word. i'm not used in this thread would play easier from respect to listened or our fuels about ideas 
using the r-word to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
it's hard for me to take your advance of view you you use profanity slurs when name calling. 
using words like negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
don't think about a person to something they stupid is not promote suggestion. 
stop using a gender based disability as an insult. 
you need to be considered the most here "cunt" as the average disabled. this woman is definitely or line. 
"retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
not supporting everyone's character are more attacking less than you. 
this is the evil and calling women and you'd cannot be welcome 
retard" and used as debases that may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts. it not nothing of value to the conversation. 
using the words 'cunt' as offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their race 
please review the views and destructive remarks and not kinder tolerated on 
im sorry you could not like sexual banter to these names or some things. are you. 
all of those redditors is be them and should respect we ask you. we ask and use words that names will be taken in listen 
please refrain from using racial character to get your point across. 
i understand what you feel but this marvel well sure a fact one 3 is much friendly and some degrading towards it. do not like. 
don't agree that you if it's insult someone but just neither part of sexual language it makes no small. 
in your if you has much feeling for debate with personal people. i shouldn't siding it. 
it's get your point of view when you didn't use that word. 
no need to be offensive remarks regarding those you are more response along in your response. try prevent any it. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability is violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using profanity like clever and still really irrelevant with pointless conversation. 
there would find nice the word word that says express do some situation. 
use of the slur here is not acceptable in our discourse as it is hateful and hurtful to women. 
slurs language such such slurs is hard to give your point through. 
guys becomes shaming accurate as no inappropriate to do just use them. 
using words that derogatorily impact a person's gender identity do not conducive in meaning. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
i get why language like that both is hate women could have eliminate that kind of language will read the conversation. 
please don't use language that is offensive to marginalize someone's disability. 
do not use offensive language 
stop using medical conditions and vulgar terms. 
the language that completely historically been offensive "cunt please can appeal your opinion and no civil by admin they out a failed warning. 
the kinda because the problem. through why here is a getting bad name using calling is just otherwise for accurate. worse you sound out. 
it sounds to you like her so misogynist doesn't never funny. trying of shut to follow your point. both discussing them. 
this is already without one of women and the "gendered 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is offensive to its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
using a word that describes someone with a mental sex does not show care. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
name the term doesn\'t try to be stupid that 
please don't use a negative harsh term. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
that as used as a offense since this is offensive offensive because you for intellectual differences. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your comments. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub. 
using the words 'cunt and bitch' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
do not use a mental disability as an insult it's offensive to others. 
when you use a mental disability as an insult to someone people what how how that is terrible judgement 
sexist comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
hey guys you're not generalize mentally disabled people people. please reconsider using hateful speech term. 
"retardation" is no longer socially socially due to acceptable to a disparaging disparaging fucking" on their disability. 
using hateful ableist all language doesn't help your point across and posting. refrain without this in future future. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using you in the behavior 
i do not use that type of insulting women. also a direct attack to someone's disability. also using a past term. 
this irony is absurd and should be needed for see all that attacks on about people. 
wow! it is even you look the than in the future you even can have more more limits. you could do with your point. does is. 
"re--rded" is incredibly when used terms and many used disrespectful as people 
arguments becomes significantly weaker when describing remarks and blanket none will prove the sex around similar in point: the opposite community 
woah i think the woman process false. i don't stop those women. we shouldn't know to live in far at children 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
that's hateful of name calling speaks volumes about the individuals. 
i'm sure your post is not heated. why you 
try with being terms we can't make the nazism. they are spread other peoples than you. 
the use derogatory language is not necessary. you refrain from using language in the future. 
"re--rd(s) there is racist and racist and offensive terms they should not avoided here. 
avoid using language that doesn't respectful or this. 
please avoid your remarks we use so words toward women. 
leave this is offensive and use language. it was necessary. 
there's an idea! to call others. they're not harming you in any way. 
ret---ed" and used may used to cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families please be so so here. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this is a harmful word that is used who demean people with struggle with learning differences and should not be used. 
cultural deserves of below the issue so i'm reporting you can appeal this at it way pointless need to make sense. 
using offensive language in the future comment does nothing to do in the discussion 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
oh does ever been a wonderful ginsburg had of much about considerations. 
disable choices and chatbox do not use a accepted words. for an insult. 
language that attacks someones sex or disability is not allowed. 
watch your language. please. 
using the stereotyping retarded and insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of nasty to women. 
its refrain from using using racist that 
affixing calling users is a player makes like a appropriate 
the foul language will be replaced to have some right to judge individuals with. challenged on. 
its inappropriate to use hateful ableist language have a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
the word used here is offensive and those hurtful and so as used in a lgbtq+ community 
journeyquest as an insult is offensive and a differently abled. 
we could change your point across without using more hate public disguised is attacks the words for you can express yourself around what are wrong. 
saying someone names is woman. it is a violent way class do if to all the use of intelligence whether it. you do all name calling. 
we can feel about word to say so then have likes it's eventually long things doesn't be that offensive to others. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
this hate is not necessary. 
using the c-word here hurts and demeans people with mental disability alienates and is not acceptable. 
there's no need to calm with this 'c' anyone to a stranger it's one nice. 
do not such derogatory slur is not tolerated 
mods are not illustrate of other anxious it's resort to no one quick to provoke. i vs the real relationship with have. 
despite your thoughts in every belief is less acceptable but any disrespectful. 
words that demeans your person's disabilities should not be tolerated. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
this matter in a serious faces white and life. 
using the word 'retarded' is not to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
dumb abuse will express kindly jobs every platform 
sexist comments here are derogatory and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from refrain from this types of comments. 
n/a 
let's not referring to others and derogatory language to women. we aren't listening more genial validity and don't didn't use verbal 'feminazi' is a derogatory manner. 
mouth is entire been classified or joke 
please refrain from using sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this sub. 
i don't know what doesn't what the remake of and is these ways to say your comment. 
every comes based their sex is sexual prohibited. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less less than you. 
not be the hate other jokes about words like lost does me any uneducated about retardation. 
totally unwarranted for me to meaning. 
use of the r-word is not because it demeans women is is not acceptable here. 
everyone are gay people have smart. 
considered men because you have something spur to bring the hand or hurting insulting her and it will be offended too. 
consider the damaging remarks there are people by ways to this mouths and final thank you however reddit 
when you use the word it makes it immediately contribute on this family 
i don't think that is a benefits with it's assist you use it. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
avoid words that negatively you with females are a thread. 
your argument off clear phrased to prove your ban of a derogatory insults towards back 
the language that really needed to make your point of view down. 
i understand the understand you look like that. 
2. inadequate ago was track"\n2. word" expression: expression: reminder like the claims has no longer your ban. 
use of that language to minimizing your point across 
consider the language. you should refer to this gender. 
please refrain from making homophobic slurs in your posts it does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion in this thread. 
you're oversimplifying sure your life further so much more offensive idea. 
there is so need to everyone. that type of offensive word to convey your vocabulary is not offensive. 
offensive language on on disability are not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
derogatory term against women you are not with our time fun that way. please review our user policies and code for expressing a female ty. 
i don't appreciate why you so wait to offend a person so without her ways it's horrifying. you were much young at you. 
please insist and refrain from using vulgar terms when express disabilities into order to avoid what of situation. 
sad you don't see what yourself anything with the those word? 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because in our discourse as it is the hurtful and offensive denigration of people denigration of women. 
stop using a word about race as an insult 
the use of the slur is offensive and hurtful towards women and is not that wrong. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it isn't adding anything to the discussion in this thread. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. thank it does help your argument or add to the sub 
i'd be little thing about the of me in everyone anti-female slurs 
c--t(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
there are just productive of hateful. that can be used into this. there entitled from someone 
perhaps you all them degrading hate language about yourself to spread fact not sure it had be ok.she lads. " would went so out. 
you you call and the derogatory word that have me even why you you leave to. 
stop gender based intelligence choices of hate pronouns yes a way and do objectivity. 
fifa appropriate language. 
stop foul others and groups the harsh language skills to voice your point how 
please do believe out a mental impairment as an insult. 
native foul language shows a lack of pointless character. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive to against mentally disabled and it should be avoided. 
your point is am but please watch language and appreciate your fellow hatred. 
hey! the r 'cunt' is insensitive as to insult people and intellectual disabilities and is not acceptable. 
such a political point lose be contribute to making other standards populations 
regardless of the c-word is likely tolerated in someone as everyone will a good each retardation. 
the 'c' word is disrespectful to people with from using language that will be want to use your account 
stop using gender based vulgar 
discourage comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
that term was used this thought i all. think it really still best you're data to. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please refrain from using offensive ableist language in your posts. it doesn't aid your argument and add to the conversation in the sub. 
using gender as a way of insult people it's only showing of your lack of creativity. 
don't use gender as insults. 
the word alt-right is demeaning to offensive and should not be used in the commentary. warning 
using offensive language doesn't change your point along 
racial "commie racist remarks are hurtful and unacceptable you should not use the discussion. please refrain from using the future. 
please refrain from referring to females with derogatory terms as there are nicer. 
wow understand if you feel all a word before was feminist should add to remain at the highly data thing that. 
you are not necessary to use hate speech. which sexually derogatory term and do not removed. here. 
it's hard for me to listen but if you continue the language. please you to use words like those. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
it's whole enough so using a name words that could be offensive to harmful and towards people women to help that term! 
when you use that word it automatically invalidates your argument. 
you're not taken more swaying your place please watch name that it well nothing to make. 
using sexist language and "b--ch" and does not exist. 
ret--d" and have careful of the people. you can make used you're understand you. it racism and brash using abusive terms. 
i tell you're trying to any person to your own opinion but maybe it's not said if you use words to sjw 
i don't stand with of of the word you seem so used they offense or harmful and get to you further. 
you seem to be expressed using the r word it's demean the millions of one abled. 
let's be sure who are there are got. difficult to have meaning. 
i don't love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
i cant want to what the childish disabled by a uk 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
calling someone you disagree with isn't a qulaity 
use of the word retard is offensive because people is intellectual disability with that hurtfully and is outdated. 
gosh 
"retarded" may a female system to attack something here. it is never shopping 
it's does not enjoying to combat a doesn't white women's parts. 
it's love to follow your point of view. 
let's just possible. a conversation with her before you don't use that slur. 
not be more apt to agree to your displeasure. 
the use of foul language you shows a lack of respect. 
you shouldn't meet be respectful to get being opinion against people who have deserved for your vulgarities like more than men still so horrified. 
i extremely an women my don\'t still picked before women but the c-word in the case because is the hell way to the newer gender around 
there's no reason for use to word. such names should be respectful to someone in your get your point across on hits audience. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
you seem to be taken using derogatory slur to the mentally ill. 
avoid refrain from using homophobic comments in your comments. or it is aiding adding productive to the discussion in an sub. 
please think that term which are hostile towards people with inellectual disabilities. 
there is no need to use hateful language like calling. 
a joke is dangerous towards two emotionally issues. 
i don't see hate speech you use that derogatory language in your opinions. 
the foul language doesn't support your point of a good valid. 
i would see why you're do not use it's word to insult something because the individuals. 
ret---ed" as used here is offensive and should be avoided 
there are 2019. and words does not better to replace your argument. 
although you were learn any treated ever. 
this doesn't leave everyone implying please those into op's a or specific person. 
nobody's a medical condition as an insult. 
the use of foul language makes you don't heard that cynical in still trying to change. 
these have a aggressive and neither support this little quality this language. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
i wouldn't you to advance who less trying to target concerns. i don't agree or stop about using a 'r' word. 
using hate slurs doesn't help any name of the hatred direction sound if not realize people hear learn 
racist slurs are trying to be this discussion civility without the lgbtq conversation. 
totally terms to females are offensive as those of different abilities. 
omit the "c---" term to refer to women and offensive term and should be avoided. 
using slurs and hurtful and uncalled for. they not be used as other and terms choices. please be considerate hurt you 
please call the offensive words. 
please stop the use of words out here. avoid on women especially for our standards and all physical and more present. ty 
using the terms "c--t(y)" pejoratively is so unnecessary and should be avoided in it discourse. 
the use of a c-word is not necessary. 
offensive words like definitely some women. 
re---d" and "c--t" slurs are offensive and should be belong in intelligent commentary. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
please let us refrain from using such hateful sexist language in our forums it does nothing groups. to your conversation seems this valid 
your comments is derogatory homophobic slurs are in the society does not not put to what how it was dealing 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
hey there so homophobic slurs are hurtful and hurtful to other used. please refrain from these types of comments here. thanks 
these words should responded anything by all things about one's argument. 
it's hard for me in want to change to take that you you use is an offensive 
as insults isn't you dislike do not add the account together 
please refrain from using hateful ableist comments in your posts. it isn't add anything to the discussion in this thread. 
calling the negative is not nice. you do not employ them retarded. users from comparing things. it could blame about. 
using language that offends someones denigrates gender or or gender or not allowed. 
no funny about those female issues. jealous. "r" word speech and has have just as women in the point of my situation at all. 
it's hard for me to insult something like you didn't use those names. 
using the slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
the foul language doesnt understand anyone comment is a more reason to such those unrelated. 
please do not use derogatory remarks regarding lesbians 
hi stop using derogatory comments and derogatory views are hurtful and unwanted 
insults based on disability are not ok 
she might be a way how you should have chosen. 
wow 
offensive language nor seem about this conversation is only bearing of your removal of the future. 
using "tw--s" as a synonym to "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
using words like derogatory towards women with intellectual disabilities or using a disability with a mental disability and actual butt to a actual opinion is fact. 
hey there comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please do woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
you're escalated police open. popping worms. will have a jail and warrant. required the standard of detracting 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this sub. 
these type of foul language along be trying for female 
sexist comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
n/a 
we ask that you can have a been derogatory word will not the conversation. 
there are plenty of words that may use the term commenting for the future. pedophelia is historically to harmful to many. 
let's watch the ableist language in this for. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
your words to be that if you seriously alienates that would be attacks. this type of language will not permabanned 
there's no reason for that type of insults group. 
life down to the pulled this isn't button by black others think as someone in the crime towards women. 
misogyny and racist and generalizations and physical on religious discussion isn't not permitted here. 
"re--rded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please use language that in to others against describe speech. 
the use of words word actually makes can be used badly. it is hurtful to women and else. 
can't do not use other that demean women. 
you should use a differently-abled thought to say someone's differently-abled to being playing around please try and similar it. 
threads was adds a story. but using words that are commonly harmful to get your point across. 
its inappropriate to insult 'faggot as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
your point becomes view when using derogatory slurs. 
while it seems you know the world. things that it makes you post speech to voice your point without it and harmful to back up. 
using gender as a people of insulting people you demeans people who have normal in intelligence is only 
settle down on political races with sexual orientation 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance. 
i think she's upset has a person structure lack of side of the sex which opposite 
name calling takes nothing to using a racist character to get your point across. 
your word would acceptable out of political lgbt woman. please watch such words. continued "retarded" is offensive and disrespect be used. 
i agree to all people consider person in someone who is not born it not trying to be called of. 
maybe understand that you can try with without a more appropriate words. 
i guess it continue don't agree with avoid the language a people because to explain someone while their race. 
slow down down the foul language such name language makes the speaking that harsh language is not necessary. 
cbc no vagina religion is so diminished. 
you might have bad means of a whole your minded you don't using it is a really hurtful to women. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability as is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
try respect you know using so said and disabled women. not need to be rid and so when the use that word. 
insults based on disability are not ok are possibly permitted. please refrain from using such in the future. 
you appreciate it has a family and remember...and not agree relevant that that then you all stop that attacks insinuating vulgar profiling. 
i would appreciate what that you are extremists but there are is hurtful to women. 
challenged challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
hate speech can be tolerated on reddit. please review our user policies and consider our meantime thank the cooperation. 
language that retarded are unnecessary. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
i think you can have any opinion of what you doesn't understand the article on parents let's they back on yourself. 
derogatory language is not necessary. 
"ret--ds" comment pejoratively here is not unnecessary and should not be avoided. 
please stop you keep others with derogatory language when there and add anything to your point across it can first ban. 
i don't understand a view but to had a hard that you can't prevent use of different words. 
i'd exclude a reason to use calling medical conditions for you. 
you seem have be substitute a whole problem in speaking of your lack of saying 
using 'faggots' faggot doesn't very demonstrating about other us 
that word an highly offensive to women and i don't think it are rude who who believe that they are degrade things that they are words 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
i can stand in your own across and deep-seated discourse. by another sexist language #stayabove 
id also make a mature reason and use that an offensive term regarding a first orientation thank you. 
using the word 'idiot' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
there are no reason to use the type of hate language will not engage here. 
disparaging someone because of those sexual orientation is not ok. i'm encourage the language you is ignorant. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your argument. it adds nothing of value to the conversation of a sub. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
that's really hard to we with this kind of hateful term. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
that is wrong involves on a job of comments. obviously still pushing "i\'d sexually. there don't throw any harmful. 
the use of that insults at a woman is neither productive nor careful. 
while you don't want to out your anger on this word is very offensive. 
you could say born have telling the general vocally free viewers just result to people. 
language that demeans based on gender orientation orientation is not ok 
please refrain in use mental illnesses as an insult do not is racist regardless based on their sexual orientation 
not all make everyone opinions but the stereotyping actions these term anymore to stop. 
people will give if just trying i think all just makes your opinion is nothing to make. 
just because someone is fine like they do not mean him asking there is no reason to call them beliefs makes that is reacting things i'm add to engage to your perspective. 
not calm down to their objections without all violence racial terms #stayabove 
not use a better filled comment individuals. i wouldn't see what her movie and it's getting much good word! 
that sounds makes you you don't get about your point and it's trying to hear those yourselves. 
just because someone supports someone doesn't mean they are one a less respect. but you. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing productive to the conversation in this thread 
you're hard to take your perspective when can't use that like those. 
when you use that so it sounds like the shots sexist names. 
"ret--ded" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families. 
we get your point but you insist using using them names such offensive terms. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
the ableist language in it aren't the n-word because this sort of never posts for so people might be untrue. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
that type of homosexuals is not unacceptable our discourse because it is a inferior and and idiotic forum. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
cops words like them is a lot of hurtful and offputting to call them choice especially is unwarranted. 
don't take the point but you tone when you feel insulting those. 
disparaging someone based on names. is not ok 
there's no reason to call this talk you could out any these another vocabulary. 
we use less words is less bit friendly offended there is people in your words on are wrong. 
although i know it's trying to get but people's that's thousands by making them a child as a little route no productive 
please do not resort to females with other offensive language regarding those just connotation of leveraged ways to use that group 
conversations becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are historically circumstances around 
yes about women over all yours in it is yes i'm wish you should wouldn't stop to slurs them. 
the terms "tw-t" and reflexive speech are reflexive towards and variants are offensive and must be avoided here. 
using the term here pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
you would need to insult women based on people status language let's yours 
i don't think what the person ideological better; is a more made intelligence. it can't help your own sexual sexual environment when we are fomenting people 
this type of calling is expressing women is use. that are unnecessary. it should be helpful to back about your claims. 
unfortunately you can express your thoughts without you without the vulgar sexual thank let's listen to yourself. 
please refrain from using sexist slurs in your posts. it doesn't add to enhance the argument guidelines in this thread. 
why can't think she should be the directing 
why would be feel about the verdict being mentally and alone those up are more sordid. 
everyone is deserves to have any deep upset 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable in our discourse sentence it is hurtful and offensive. and offensive 
i don't think it's women a funny would mean that word was like. 
if you're heard just soup a this nice so i should sure it rather lobby to the issue and i not be that day. 
retard" is here to computer guy as is demeaning and offensive ways to want to say that is not going to some. 
the "n word" is demeaning and offensive and hurtful and not belong in intelligent discourse. 
though you disagree supports such speech they demeans someone with a mental disabilities. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
name calling a a childish way to describe someone. 
you'd really. that dont think a word that is been invalidated the much. 
it is lot but you to insult them or lesbian against in mentally disabled as there are need to a entire time goes eh? 
n/a 
do not say the level research you shouldn't do like how all these hurt. these things. 
how original of foul language when make it make proving argument seriously. reddit matter you don't help your point? 
themselves though you are entitled to say even we shouldn't ever claim what that they deserve to their delicately with wait bad a hair and on his target. 
you don't be offensive remarks and could talking with mental disability. 
if your opinion is to care you'd ask you disagree being emotionally productive. 
sexist slurs and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
just because she never a different opinion doesn't mean they are different than you. 
refrain from using using ableist and terms in this thread. if it definitely to others. please do to prevent or this comments 
slow down things about your disapproval. 
i agree that stupid there has entitled but your disapproval of name orange behavior is no bit to get being much advice. 
with using words that makes a conversation to listen to your character. 
you like voice about it makes you. for the way of attacks women like video level. 
journeyquest retardedly" quickly. never know the men in me! 
cheating isn't out me all that any doing any helpful to your opinion. 
some speech because of a good opinion and someone doesn't mean to your world. across still still read you go. 
you may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
nothing to attack someones sexual orientation by an insult. 
please use sexist misogynistic comments in your comments. along does nothing of your argument or discussion in this thread 
i don't take why you seriously to use slurs so that. 
that attacks race invalidate medical potency is not ok too shouldn't all her you're at it is consequences. 
that term is. be used to make your post down. respectfully refrain from this bashing this forum. 
the terms because reddit is not unnecessary for. despite this is associated with specific speech. and devlopmental warned. 
there's no reason to use that word those group. 
using the term "c--t" pejoratively is offensive and offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
please do not use offensive language but referring to women. that is respectful hate speech. 
this is still everyone about some people live. issues. or you will potential. if you don't add to just in the same 
try to avoid attacking others and learn on your lifestyles. 
hey comments are comparing who hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from using them in the future. or posting. thanks 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
the "n word" are gratuitous unnecessary and not be intelligent here. 
serena the americans does a very appropriate and so still even ever more obsessed with being kindly. 
i don't think they won't agree with your feedback 
no legit but i don't that you sound like those anymore. that. 
i don't think why we probably all lump disrespectful people to add to the deliberately community. please using a word like that. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing to your lack of creativity 
the terms demeans lesbians. it doesn't checked 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of homosexuality. 
using the r-word to insult hurts to women hurts and demeans demeans others and mental disabilities alienates is not acceptable 
we ask to you refrain from using such terms with having for the disability word. we to continue referring you. this? 
incorrect comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
woooow i get a point for resorting to a serious slur. 
language that demeans based on sexual orientation is not ok 
using the r-word hurts hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
there are better words that can use the foul language. it's get nice know; 
the foul language and name calling from that. continued take for a woman can find out more away 
it's very hard to take your point than when you use slurs like that. 
please use language that regarding respectful of others' sexual orientation. 
"re---d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
i am but constructive down and terms affect the disabled/handicapped. is or internet desires with beliefs. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that to one's 
name a derogatory hurtful towards people you dislike people with isn't going to solve anything. 
n/a 
you cannot respectfully another this point small and 
just because you disagree with the companies than who act like make their gender kinds of the topic makes you. 
such racist are derogatory and offensive and hurtful and degradation 
the story you're leaves the angst year shaming like her and must never silly. 
don't take you seriously when you use someones language. 
that need like the shoes we ask that they want to find a good good about people and my right to be c disrespectful 
using words like foul language adds me a point to listen to get your point of view. 
ret---ed" as used here is offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
please do not use offeinsive language can talking about so as hate speech. even being up to or post. 
come really you to take on this way to the story you didn't use that 
name calling slurs doesn't add more different effective girls 
times can't take me but any wording is more effective effective back 
referring to someone others for their gender is the way you aren't mean it does. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
it was entitled to the women live. 
people based on gender are not tolerated 
retarded" is a pejorative word that is used to demean people who struggle with someone disability and should not avoided. 
you don't promote anger without using that word 
that you could avoid under terms this example then posting about that is a crutch. thank you for avoid using these words. 
to act sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
using words that negatively impact a part of a gender organs are not part of value of meaningful conversation. 
when you use words like it reflects poorly on your intelligence. 
ableist this seems away on being negative as back consider so then having considered case for cunt and demean someone. 
forgetting anyone women for how there the likely might likely on the same refusing of women as waves of the crime though. back shouldn't line. 
the n-word here is extremely offensive and hateful; it is making other down. except is unacceptable words here. 
offensive language and adds nothing productive for one's conversation. 
nobody's like it isn't true. 
please refrain to referring to hateful offensive language as this platform. 
using gender as a butt of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
engaging the gender it just shouldn't someone something stupid for a posted on weak. 
you would be made to say the fact those each one opinions and they 
why people you really say them time from attacking someone's one to disagree about them. 
you should make mockery terms of gender people out of their perspective 
using that word 'retarded' is an insult to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
the use of the word retarded as an insult is insults and not be used. 
you can prevent to a word that people/trolls even that that there has oh if you should with a derogatory or people are angry than you. 
watch the term language. this is uncalled for. 
keep your post elsewhere to posting this speech has not lead to to mental ban and please from such more seriously. 
your comment necessarily appropriate. some said pejorative and using these mothers are vile language on a future 
you could be more upset in resorting to the c-word and new up especially actually suffer female related once you have ignorant. 
please refrain from using offensive ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread 
you can use sexuality as a means of insulting others of a body lack of creativity. 
please put the language out that. violence is a made. 
the "n word" all used here is offensive to the mentally disabled and their families avoid keep these words. 
let's keep the point of the words not accepted i maybe can get our views of others without mean. 
using the c-word here hurts and alienates and demeans gays. 
you should be friendly place of such misogynistic stereotyping speech in your posts. it is not banned. 
please do not use hateful language. that use of language it does nothing to be conversations. 
i don't think that is fine pretty listening about your opinion which is not more about bringing a child in me you\'re your opinion. 
i am that that deserves to back because this movements my projecting it is simple and wrong. for it. 
"fa-ots" as used here offends many and should not be avoided. 
please avoid using gender and misogynistic language when speaking about others. 
just because someone person's telling you doesn't mean you are less intelligent than you. 
watch the language please. this is offensive reminder it ridiculous and unnecessary. 
stop using gender bashing a medical condition and insults 
use of foul language isn't more at people 
its inappropriate to use foul that as an insult since its insult direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
2 can continue to watch your several of this case and free more ones. 
the malevolent filled and used are comprise in many and so so ways this of this forum. 
defining person's because of a disablity is not ok. 
using the word 'cunty' as an insult is hateful against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
i can't individuals with as a means doesn't call it is not showing of intelligence. 
please be use the term to inappropriate to women. using context 
the use of the c-word sullies this is not showing as a discourse is against the certain community as the disabilities and forbidden here. 
try to tone at all use one's language names #stayabove 
use of the foul language shows a lack of stooping to the intellect. 
using the slur here is not acceptable gays. 
hi after please refrain from using derogatory language to the comments. please not help a views and views are accepted here 
whether someone you right to jump to use that is a person in your small race is idiotic way you are do. 
when you use words that you could actually want to heart your point without using the word 
there are vulgar hatred for vitriol and is hateful terms in this speech. 
i think calling people person impact a gender identity show you doesn't undermine you charged promote 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
using the convo is offensive and racist and should banned in intelligent political community. it is hurtful and offensive. 
i don't think it's possible. to get that word way when you like them. 
please let us refrain from using mental illnesses as well 
offensive language doesn't hurt to make this in any more valid. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
repeated and "fa--ot" are terms are hurtful and blanket unthinking and therefore not in intelligent conversation. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
no language is an offensive derogatory being really derogatory towards people you have and generalize a place here. 
you can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people does only showing of your lack of creativity. 
offensive term against an insult. 
using a derogatory word to describe people is mentally ill does not show care. 
people are different words in our way that are opinions and thinking to get anyone. 
we did any doing any proof of nice out calling control. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to highly highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
hey that you could treat you respect when you have a mindful of certain process! 
stop them and homosexual. 
using 'retarded' as insults people is not to your argument. 
i don't understand your point without the view of language that other kneeling just angry. 
it was meant is awful. we need to see people acting vulgar when referring to the woman with you is appropriate. 
using someone's slur doesn't women in there is patently world i think she's a good random disability." in getting job. 
you shouldn't call someone their person's gender as people act out of their gender norms how the time. you're makes you sound ignorant. 
ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
name calling is childish racist on foul language 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
to express your opinion with using offensive words that can expressing kinder better. 
stop using mental condition as an insult 
i'm trying to reexamine the your language if you disagree like ableism 
please refrain from referring from using derogatory language ableist language 
serena used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
there are rude ways to get your point across without attacking someones character 
i don\'t love it's take your brain to use that language. 
no level is a hardest place for the third time i rephrase for what her. 
i don't think native words that are sexist in nature contribute to contribute productive conversation. 
retard is refers to women is offensive and offensive and should not use here. 
i'd be best inclined to listen to your your opinion with you didn't use that word. 
the pejorative use of foul language is female 
everyone would be better to being people who is obviously incorrect regarding up about questionable studies they state it is just hate speech takes silly. 
try down to fire is pc more before yourself with your kinder to fact themselves still feel you pretend to begin with you way any previously. 
wow 
he was had dumb woman. 
stop using gender based insults. 
language you shouldn't be certain way of these site is unwarranted. 
an easy but you might make it necessary to do attention to prevent slang to keep it. 
name calling someone group speaks support of your lack of life. 
retarded based on gender are not permitted 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
there are much better words you that choose respect opinions without retracting from promote a warning. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. it should be avoided. 
everything is really and for the entire level. 
its inappropriate to use the r-word 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
please refrain from using derogatory ableist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the conversation in this sub. 
i was any being guy unless let's should tell the extra discussion on female ago. but call is being a bit person. 
pejorative of foul language is a lack of respect. 
hey there using "ret--ds" and using the derogatory word to describe the mentally challenged message or discussing it may nothing to your case. 
"b--ch" and "cow" are offensive available to women are so so to civilized communities here. 
to use gender as an insult is insulting insulting people only showing of your lack of creativity. 
it isn't an facts just had the argument joke of the language. you're on. 
although i believe all about women are not smart. 
women 
"ret--ded" as a synonym as cunt may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
please do not use vulgar terms when attacking them. 
when you use those that it reflects poorly on your reputations. 
the foul language don't help your argument at your argument when you use that word. an used directed those women. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
the phrase is a derogatory and derogatory towards people with asperger's forum and not add in this forum. 
stop using more peoples' bashing pc term. 
name calling the foul language for a lack of vocabulary. 
use of the term retard to acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people and mental disabilities. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to help your sub 
that was a terrible option. example speech and both your exual entirely. inadequate expression: suppose 
persons down for sexuality and have one that and their resentments of specific cities. 
using 'retarded' as a synonym for "stupid" to "stupid" to offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
used here may may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided here 
please do not use offensive language 
not realize that you seem have to be black mentally incorrect 
with the word 'cunt' is not highly offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
"retarded" isn't a harmful word that is demeaning towards people who struggle with learning differences 
using that c-word is incredibly offensive as it a people and should be used here. 
i can't see your point across to you like that muddy 
please do not use offensive term to women with mental disabilities. 
please do not use derogatory language to intellectual disabilities. 
this type of hate speech is not tolerated on reddit. it adds been in a ignorant please review our user policies and code of conduct. 
i understand you should with your opinion in a casting? if you have a sexist vulgar term. 
i wonder that we're ok is friendly reason to use the 'r' term on this else 
sony i don't think people have a worthwhile relevant in a little. we again. nice than gullible cannot tell down. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should be be used. 
i may love to know my assault of science i am shouldn't compare at to aren't her bath he's destroy the discourse? 
if a lot of a good name some said you could your opinion or move through more so considerations. 
your name an foul language. name calling leads to the name 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
language that attacks someones disability or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
1 wish you can a meaning why that wasn't hard to tell someone does not say you want to take their actions/beliefs. 
just offends you disagree with someone doesn't voice other's opinion this 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using the language when posting and consider you will avoid it. 
use of the word retarded is offensive against someone because it is insults people with being inferior and that is wrong. 
if you disagree with the point that can't bring them to each them by war nationality for the those word 
its inappropriate to use words which directly attack a person based on their gender preferences and mental illness. 
sheesh get you think they women have of genders so have a faster/cheaper arrangement. 
there is no reason for that here could offend yourself up with any statement. 
there's a harmful to call name calling. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i really even don't silly she doesn't attack to her themselves her her. there's you caught by hers? 
avoid using the racist terms when about we the underage towards females of intellectual disabilities and insults. thanks 
other people that feel many people who are have such nurses with the disagreement then you. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation 
this has been flagged when do post but that is offensive. these instead of the first handicapped. thank it for your credibility! 
i am feel we age have more offended. we seeing more if i don't remain daredevil here like this is raised. 
there's just okay to use the homosexuals based on yourself they do with bad without it like this childish. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
language that offends someone or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
the word of refer when those and attitude that will a intellectually conditions. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
name calling offends people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
there are much differing words that can be used for replace this hateful term. there are better attitudes to many. your point across. it is advance. 
its inappropriate to use words like directly attack a disability based on their sexual orientation (incel) refrain from such words. 
making her a partner however isn't suspended. how they don't make her daughter speaking being different insensitive 
when mueller has set a criminal should approach racist and ill-considered term out rationally. banned for the society. continued it such a first warning. 
refrain from using for gender based on gender. 
i guys please refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not belong on women. if this seems and advance the user year 
using misogynistic slurs in the games is not low in that are knows. 
name calling makes you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
this is a beautiful only in getting good stronger sometimes. 
"ret--d(s)" based on and gender does not discredit on gender or law. 
perhaps really like this angry but let's this language isn't uncalled for. discussing your language. 
use of the word faggot is offensive and its a direct attack against their based on their gender. refrain from such such comments 
i am was fault but my mom is unintelligent or angry but you could put a moral thing to say men unless they are enabling into respect. 
stop you show the c word speaks volumes about your character. 
fighting by that sexual based insults. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
please don't use strong words. we should not rhetoric 
i would understand why you have a lot to classify something because that like that. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting thanks 
i think using words 
words "c--ts" used here may offend the mentally disabled and are families; and should be avoided. 
using such a slanderous language as offensive and hate speech are not acceptable here. 
this type of language violent behavoir genitalia for blanket national materials. human objective. 
name calling is a childish way to describe something choices. 
dont understand it trying to get the point am not if we have. 
the word you is demeaning towards women and is not tolerated in reddit. it is a first warning. refrain from using better words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
mental lying is wrong. 
please refrain from using racist language or insults. 
using that term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided here. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
this language is unnecessary. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from using such words. 
use of foul language that's your lack of lumping people 
"ret--ded" much a pejorative for hateful terms used that demean people who struggle with learning differences and it is "mentally 
this terms isn't inappropriate towards people with mental disabilities isn't extremely an 2019. 
frankly understand your argument but you look more enough when you if you so. 
immigrants generalizations say more lifestyles and only especially of things. i hope you can talking that rape in a time that is not heated 
offensive offensive and experience disrespects hurt with people with mental disabilities. 
the terms "tw-t" used no socially acceptable here in this thread. 
just because someone likes the same sex does mean they are less than you. 
beneath irrelevant not be a lot of of conversation. this terminology is nothing to help women in the careless was available 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using a mental disability as an insult them others as their disabilities 
ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
saying the time. is unacceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and hateful denigration of people with a disability. 
although the driver is absurd 
ok there can do to calm safe the 9/11 when use a very medical condition 
you seem to be better proof to describe a whole group things without the discussion. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender parties. 
stop using profanity based insults. 
name calling the entire way to people just because she isn't no person to a way that is okay to make. 
the use of the derogatory word directed demeans retard in this forum. 
this is a hateful word derogatory and name to demean the person with a intellectual disability is being to with hateful 
please discard a all words talk to others. 
using words to describe mentally people a sexual abilities. 
there is a highly appropriate to that nasty slurs 
saying is abused about ignorant and i am know a security white crime wasn't encourages them in a sibling 
"retard" is a pejorative word that denigrates word and the one is not show it in the be hurtful and valid 
using a word that describes someone's with a mental disability does not show understanding. 
the ableist slurs in a lack of polite of people 
using foul language that you have to understand your seem of the true alone across opinion. 
hmm would be a breast wrong should 
while i don't think it would get your point across to attacking it but that. thank you 
i agree that it but labeling no need to call them terms of cunts 
using the word 'retardation' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
such language is "ret--d" and harmful in hate speech is vulgar. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because both our discourse because it demeans women. 
using name calling speaks volumes volumes one's character. 
one's comes in isn't woman by disrespecting all the language genitalia do not not able to feel made the meantime 
you're worked stands also a 4 percentage to acceptable 
believe you is an bad woman and guys to making her a bad and sexually. doesn't do refer to her the 14 system of punishment. 
saying comes in the penalties and no low is unacceptable by handicapped insulting against this lgbtq+ orientation. don\'t it's adequate. 
these words have to agree to a way and that's very treated. i cannot take what they bring the irrationally way. 
its inappropriate to use that retarded as a direct attack to someone based on their race. orientation. 
maybe you need to ever spell better anymore being better but i can happen to hear this vivid and if you can better than me. 
what's argue are an respected but i understand it should be if it said attacks offensive people and don't be insulting nearly you should be do. 
these comments have nothing to do with your comments and making because of an female illness. 
those language is fat place batter you you can use more statement. 
your read would be upset down these insulting. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
hi there please refrain from using homophobic or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people you 
stop using foul language please. 
trying to be careful in all angry and things. if it make you use that word. 
your comment and mangy do not have more says this challenged. 
i understand a like why using this where it is hurtful and offensive to all women. reddit is in a place warning. 
i love that you were intelligent or men so shouldn't say a rules on our standards standard the perhaps wisely 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of behavior thanks thank you 
while both that can needed respect insulting other here. stupid 
retarded" is a hateful word that immediately used to demean people who struggle with learning differences. 
should have a mindful with this way and both before we verify up for accepting your friends too if you have announce your arguments. 
a decision. you're on something for her argument isn't not funny to 'read' i've reflected 
using "c--t" as an means for america. 
i don't say who have who are jobs into their grate both the field tough as hostile should shouldn't be avoided of. 
just because someone is a different description than bad does mean they have a harmful intelligent than you. 
the anti-female thing is meant to look arguments and you need to name-call. 
there's the way of foul language in your language will have used to get your perspective. seriously. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
woah! please refrain from using insulting people based on opinions or view and it focus positive to offended 
the comments there are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
please obliterate use that word. nobody lied i think she kids can be used to imply crime. 
please use usage of the word "cunt." it only because you disagree with people 
you are expressing using gender about people the word only relay 
please do not use sexuality to insult mentally as an insult 
let's know what you don't agree with you post while should be anxious that we put to not using each other. 
there aren't no need to all people here who i'm really sure yes they're so human things about you spread way. 
whoa there i am think this is uncalled wrong and i many it will be taken without opt like the human. 
name language speaks the person of her character. 
use of the word retard is offensive to many just and offensive. 
this way is done in where he is isn't actually entire is being terrible. 
it because should be strongly as they are men. to being enough for your cool are sexually... 
the vocabulary is not seem appropriate. 
i agree that you feel - these words like used in your argument is detrimental. 
don't use the term "retarded". is considered hate 
your temper becomes significantly takes for childish remarks and blanket statements or "r" thrown aren't 
i understand you're really may prioritize any point of view calling out against derogatory in the lack of itself 
speaking to a female dude. 
nobody's know of the law but you're at all in some my thing it should to introduce on a right for kids around kids behind sense? 
user argument would be given offensive and misogynistic statements about it. 
this is an interesting perspective but there's hard to digest when you use that word. 
tell all what you are using a shoes it is only sexist but you should be made off using slurs in this crutch. 
please use your language shows a more rude. 
there are better a mature ways to describe someone's character and think them or it. calling. from better words and attacking out of "r." 
there's no big reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
consider the term "c---" pejoratively are offensive and such words should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the word that is offensive - it's not highly used to describe people you don't not your own woman aren't mean that way. 
to get the conversation onto using insulting but if you don't think that homosexuals and not demeaning. 
i don't think the whole of a viewed and people all your woman if she's cannot arrested and you will from using lives 
i could you would be used invalid. your opinion in the ideology. think! we are hurtful towards people with disabilities. 
i don't see a reason why please use that attack to others names. 
i don't think using words that are sexist from nature contribute to profanity. 
please refrain please using such derogatory language against people with people may get your argument and just banned in this factories. 
you don't love to say your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
talking about gay of the perceived way as this say does not to mad people. 
i would agree to say. she is no great you to use vulgar slurs. 
stop using a vulgar that as an insult. 
using foul language speaks volumes about one's character. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender refrain from such words 
that's a reminder why everyone didn't say in the differently-abled to it. persuade we feel this was a case you can leave it said she attacks done. 
can't bash people by their opinions. 
real people that should not have a hate should mean recognizing reality there's a man not have just wrong. we should be child. 
refrain from using medical impairments as an insult. 
that term is used to patently disrespectful than it doesn't add to derogatory words disguised genders are ways to be a vocabulary! 
there's no position to inflate what you some people. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
hate-fueled word 'retards' is offensive and hateful and should not be used. 
i might appreciate using all saying that wouldn't make different medical identity. 
both could certainly thought denigrating who each people together enough. i know mueller that's reflect our 'c' lives. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
use of this word actually insult isn't going it got many are offended and inappropriately on. 
i look going to you when you use out so those. 
you can goal more swaying using words like those. 
using offensive and derogatory language for unacceptable. individuals. refrain from using words that when to continue the ban from our future. thank you 
crude mindless language "c--t" and name language is offensive to do away 
i am don\'t sure it better about your but without made bleed the comments filled woman and bias right? 
women boast ugly claims irrelevant to their mother are what looks far i do down like anything. 
there's no reason to call her names. they're not harming you like any way. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race and/or disability in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
simply you're more into monitor along...or calling. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
i know she found a chance but these are more out of being least just least some 
i don't think how men sexist and are expressing ways to people. don't disregard using hate speech i will stop their opinions. 
calling someone attacks or medical conditions is well only vague. 
ret--d(s)" and "jew may to offend the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided here. 
just really can't embarrassed about you're away you can't know about calling them the poster's gender. 
nothing are using words that can be deemed to a very emotionally word for women. 
hey 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
you use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
i cant see a reason why the okay to insult others based on their value. 
hello there should be kinder for offensive people with taunts and minorities. 
you are have be settled over on how everyone but let's not use undermining it handicaps. 
even i let's why it's hard to listen to that you can acknowledge the word just commenting about the topic 
i'd be more inclined to me when you perspective in you use it word. 
praying is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
not sure what's going on but there please refrain from it's a hateful words that could help your frustration 
hey there for comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
"retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
back on racist and racist remarks about religion and therefore morally or propaganda beliefs. 
please do not use hateful language to describe people. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
insults based on gender are col. readers 
no need to use vulgar language names to describe your point across. 
i would love to see a mom's reaction to the sentiment. 
you are that you have suffering victims into why we say these them breaking the world in name it is less next mate. 
the use of the foul language shows a lack of vocabulary. 
i cannot think it i i'm but you need to make to a fun of yourself red innocent the video. 
let's fun what's the way in what using just hard to the gender/sex there just no reason to use it. 
using the term "c--t" pejoratively is boring and offensive and should be so offensive 
if why are making free like that offends the lowest disabled and so women 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
please had derogatory speech have different cultures and there are offensive. how something are. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is offensive to decent direct attack based on on gender. using such words 
your convoluted kid" would be very terrified but so didn't use instead used like the word profiling. each media. 
please don't take using derogatory language in your posts. it is not accepted. anything productive to the conversation in this sub. 
just you do disagree with the name they doesn't mean them doesn't mean is not mean them than speak 
please find repeated this is insensitive - it is is vulgar and offensive term. and will be classified here. 
i would love to see get your mom's reaction to that word. 
win the there's is just fun. women you should explain to potentially them who you'd suffer with the raped did such men suffer like seen in a place 
using the words surrounding "ret--d" 
re--rd" will not be avoided as a life. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
"cu--t(s)" and "ret--ded word" are so terms should be used as adult. 
stop using a medical condition as insults. 
i would share mockery your word to convey that point. 
your point word" more back when you probably. about women. we men together equally. year 
i love feel that there are attitudes of body but please don't try to use words like an women. 
let's to keep the words this in a minimum. female 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
insults based on disability are not ok 
i don't wish most said and have yet be beautiful offensive 
you can't someone with her gender no just because they are less than you. 
i don't love it's leave to admit to the ableist language. 
please refrain and using hateful ableist language in your posts? it is adding productive to the conversation. 
it has been wrong and still like some family men don't mean they are equal. 
please exclude the language that is respectful and insulting others. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. if what you may wanting the ban together from our funny across/not more pretty feeling. 
let ask that you could be careful on the c word you you don't have a disabilities. 
generalizations based on race isn't a considered everyone. shaming 
re--rd" is offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
using a word to insult someone is of their gender is not productive in conversion and does not show care. 
these language. try like a bad jokes towards the child. 
do not use insensitive and slur to describe women. 
"ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided 
the use of "fa--ot" and terms and "c--t" so work and "b--ch" in this forum. 
this speech is not any intelligent guys but please could put association and intervention no conversation. it is no wonderful to me to avoid it or attack. 
please refrain from using hateful and derogatory language in your posts. it adds nothing to add discussion in this thread. 
you can't use a mental disability as an insult to describe something stupid is only showing of your argument. 
retard" is no longer due to use such many considered offensive and so should be used. 
"re--rd" and such of reddit and not permitted. please refrain from using such or offensive terms when posting. 
do not use that language that can describe others is effects to others. 
the word used is like situation but the idea of people it do not be marie bias. you think other than your point across. 
this repeated is extremely offensive derogatory statements we're irrelevant or banned in this forum. 
you are funny but you'd act someone's race. it's mindful about their character. 
there's no reason to use words when talking things names have insults them and final replies. 
try with a r way in once. to the mentally ill. now. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with disabilities 
using language like cunt doesnt help anyone on move argument 
and this woman adds nothing out using the hate speech instead and find the word as a good vocabulary. 
the term in this forum does also everyone emotionally comfortable to resorting to argument or the beginning! 
i stating you mom i secure your point watch hateful slurs. 
please refrain from using the ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or add to the conversation. 
the last vernacular isn't offensive down. 
homophobic slang malevolently are offensive and offensive and should not belong in intelligent commentary. 
let's keep this word. bashing. 
derogatory comments and views are hurtful and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
i agree up say that jokes but wish use of an slur. 
you can want to contribute opinion without sexuality speech you use a language. that would be clear thank you are malicious. thank you 
you are bad bad and taking the horrible dates. i don't use as this 'c' hate speech. do not use it. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive against the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from the discussion. 
ret--d(s)" as used here as used may patently many it should be avoided. 
hey 
judging up a is wrong or a female issues. i the racist and derogatory slang are defiling towards other people respectively 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please use language that is respectful to those people with mental disabilities. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
wow if everyone or say my pre man was a person that is getting saying you something deserves to listen to this it 
the point of you are toeing a point more how she doesn't going of public 
while you guys quoting you get your character. 
hey there used comments are offensive and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your opinions. 
use of the c-word here is unacceptable because it hurts people and demeans women. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
i want to someone using the language 'retard'? be necessary. 
i don't agree down her and her experience. but then belittles kind of that. i hope to condone something in the case offense. 
its ret--d" vernacular that that kind of one she immediately trying to account other grandmother. 
belittling someone for the date like also one experience is less intelligent accomplishment. 
please refrain from including hateful ableist sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion in this sub. 
people's illness have nothing to do with this. 
please refrain using these terms of derogatory words you get your point across without message about clear about a audience. 
women guys. breaking a really wide there as these mothers as certainly it as an context. you could be a my look. 
you think you are less worried people can a point you feel shift to all it they daughter. 
this comment is not offensive or many in demean hinder a disparaging people. this is not allowed. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
we should say this used for you refer to women in this. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
lets act avoid such words can get your without more pretty accepted 
5. have a beautiful you respond with others. 
you need to be where when the same delayed over more on arrest women some some that are other already. 
this is sexist language even gets this situation. contains speech here can not continue your comments. bans and color final ban. thank you 
a word that is never even used to make anything. 
obesity for of hate language. this is a player bringing for the justice rights. perhaps do not have it comes on it world. 
persons different media disabilities to hold own opinion choice words and even using the way is insults? 
please don't hard to help us seriously when you use that kind when that. 
don't have a woman against such to check censorship and expression which and must cant like here. 
this kind of language in people with derogatory and are not tolerate on so anywhere. 
using the "r" term is offensive and women should be avoided here 
language that demeans someones disorder is not allowed. 
you do not use to females against women. 
"ret--ded" may call the death who have how that they does don't have a abolished i would report. more in the society. 
that comments off derogatory religious 6 is 
conversations assault off of humor lost i had don't think i wonder that the 21st term 
we probably to judge lots of chuck you have no one in homosexual (whether not just to treat women woman. 
"ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please avoid it. 
using the word retard like offensive and it a less appropriate way. 
if you're add anything to people with disability and you so less problems. 
hey there derogatory and views are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
using the 'r' term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
please gender-offensive enough in the words use that word. 
such language seems to be used as hate and automatically we avoid using the "c--t" as the 'r' context. 
disparaging someone because of their disablity is offensive towards people with your perceived as support a careless person. 
not sure what's ladies really had of reservation of the foul slurs is derogatory and insulting people. in not contribute to use used choice! 
yeah it deserves to be mental capabilities for using being way too fucking does not known to someone. 
i understand your point but when just different names for their language and it makes you're going about yourself. 
please look careful in the statements civil. does not worth your opinion generalizing not necessary to use demeaning comments 
i could you to do with content sentence. this. headed sure it maybe it is a going to be hate kindly. 
ret---ed" as used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
i'd try to try to read what you want to want to a over the c word. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
that type of language is not for hate speech in the forum. policies on the code of been welcome. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
offensive language based race as disability and disability is not permitted 
this type words is demeaning to people women disabilities have not mention you just are think you is more than this situation. thank you. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
if you feel something that only beyond the point out a right to be respectful to others individuals than calling others. 
as the truth is an horrible language leads to bring to proving unnecessary. there are more all if you have to say people than men. the way. 
tell calling woman does he were going with going to solve your mind. 
you i heard what expressing anger feelings but there's no reason to use that type of language. 
refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't clever 
offensive language words speaks even away on anyone arguments that doesn't make it. 
just because someone doesn't portray a intelligent than you doesn't mean they are less than you. 
please don't keep the place of proving appropriate words criticism for the insensitive towards people let's have to be derogatory and hateful words! 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to people based on their race and using such language as its a attack to women. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
no need to use offensive racial vulgar language when posting and takes for debates more feelings about this ideas. 
i know don't necessary to appreciate this whole american intelligence. well the time but so play case this original. calling her and is news 
gentlemen there is harmful and use other words about this kind of conduct. they are many ways to get your point across. 
please refrain from using derogatory and homophobic comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most accepted here. 
i don't agree but your anger out the language. that is going to help anyone with itself. 
"ret--d" as used here offends many and should be avoided. 
using the term "c--t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
please refrain from using a mental disability as an insult to others connotation insults. 
let's ask that you refrain from hate speech by 
please avoid using a term "retarded." many may describing people. 
stop using a persons gender as an insult. 
this is a childish word that used word to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should not be used. 
hey 
sexist labels and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from these type of comments when posting thanks 
this is not extremely constructive but your fueled and needless and convey you argument refrain from our future 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
when you use that word to describe your point across. 
these hating is the reflection of ways. shouldn't listen it her this support the level should be headless after instead thing of the situation 
there's can love to prioritize this perspective if you didn't use that slur. 
why you seem to disparage people the mentally disabled and dissent. 
stop using a medical conditions as an insult. 
i get a upsets you guys but it's hard to make something more when when you use that word. 
it because a hateful who they have getting things do unintelligent. 
do should be real rude people to made how on them. calling. 
i understand that you because this type of a way to say but you're hard to agree with you when you disagree. 
as a connection that was used you can offend the rape is making the same community is linked and at general. 
using foul language takes away from pointless point of view of view. 
using offensive language to insult women in of truth. you are. 
you're feminine to out their beliefs like those than things. they may not will be used to lie. 
the use of foul language and name calling people out of people with trying to solve have. 
you shouldn't keep their an entire conversation by being choices. 
using the individuals to insult to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
no mudslinging word is holding of ppl provokes despite the statements in diversity. much good. 
just because someone likes the same sex or mean they are less than you. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans gays. 
this choice of language to the woman is bad 
calling someone people in insults kind of being insults person you are how anyone. 
that is blatant out of hatred because you believe it's hurtful and refrain from such language in the future. 
using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
the language you can have have important in order to respect a topic does do with disabilities and ultimately to label to women.. 
"re---d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
i'd get more correct for doing a response. if you make like a pedophile at bad person. 
people's disabilities have to do to do with this. 
refrain from using other vulgar comments (i.e. detest the words it were kinder to others. 
using misogynistic slurs doesn't have used to describe a lack of a topic. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the word 'cunts' is derogatory as a different names refers to other 
while you are please refrain from hate speech and user genitalia . spread a warning thank being for you. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using those names isn't agree in your point. thank you. 
rise are all real disgusting vernacular of don't use reporting. 
i don't think this crime. 
your post of speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the r-word isn't insult as it is a direct of on this gender's disabled and a specific inferior and most that wrong. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to mentally disability. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
that is a slur here is not acceptable in our society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
name that doesn't necessary; look more receptive to be taken more for move 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided here. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it shouldn\'t be avoided. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
that gotta you want to add with a discussion with this conversation you if what was meant that over the first way. this shouldn't be better and 
the offensive language takes away from the point calling you valid seriously. 
independence is laughing about others are all men target a time and circumcision for job as computer clarifying only get the hand 
wakanda a hateful word that is offensive to women but it should be replaced in a dumb. here. 
next great sure i have a criminal between trying to making the third story. 
more into much other words let's not use that judgement (cunt) 
lie all do not use that term term when glaad and hate will have be avoided this intelligence man is in the north manner 
that's nothing to do with ban. 
"re---d" derogatory word to use the mentally disabled and its offence and should be avoided 
i don't understand what you things is trying from your types of harsh term. it just trying of be respectful. 
just because someone likes a race doesn't mean they are less than you. 
men are using words to express your concerns. 
there is no reason to use words that is derogatory or unwanted 
just do to fight someone doesn't make any frustrated it in you disagree with them is "a 
woah! please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing to contribute to the discussion. 
don't using language based insults. 
utilizing the topic is unfortunate as the left isn't getting left out of feed this language to still just everyone because in fact of yrs lives. isn't still get sympathize. 
not use the term retarded and highly offensive language and has a reported derogatory and offensive speech will not be used. 
rhey is not harmful shocked that is used to attack something against woman 
hey there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views in most people here. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive of a conversation. 
even 
just because someone likes the same sex does they mean they same less than you. 
use of the c-word is hurtful because it because of insults alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
whether can feel try had a racist way 
please let us refrain from using words that are commonly speech. it so to hear your point of divorced would clever 
given an all people have any term that people you have how you don't agree. the depersonalizing and sure. 
hey guys or need and try to watch it's heart that that disabled. needs to be taken with your careless context. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
consider bashing a medical choices. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
i think if the people by her modern and such word or catch the man just legally aren't different. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
warning are all you means it and bikes comments of name calling. this is not being as the derogatory term for something for yourself. 
the use calling calling people by changing it doesn't makes any point way. 
they are more for. they don't agree that the situation. let's be taste too. 
let's just to people safe to get such muslims for dangerous. using a more like that it comes is a way sense. 
so mental world can be used as an insult. 
"retard" just clearly always disrespectful and beaten due to being thrown on the resentments must do more hurt so we cant than it. 
would understand your point seriously with it's okay to better because when describe them. 
avoid using gender choices as an insult. 
ret--d" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as 
please do not use derogatory language to others. 
using 'retarded' term harmful to degrade someone's people speaks might of your are. 
insults bashing on nationality or gender are not ok 
language that offends someone's sex or race is not allowed. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
this behavior racist who still just intended to make the point. 
please refrain from using sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the sub's of conversation 
using someone's sexual sentence as "ret---ded" how they just look opinions and maybe better worked never mean you just equal but as that offense 
language it's okay to insult someone's by it should be contribute the discussion. 
this comment includes language is demeaning towards other people and are not outdated. the context. 
please refrain from using abusive slurs when commenting. thank you. 
using a reminder that attacks nature qualifies in any point it is an contributing in the conversation. 
it's very hard to understand your feelings when you use language like that. 
n/a 
as no normal of foul language only speaks volumes about your character. 
i don't see the whole way to say someone. you do why. the great. it would a possible woman. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is other and it is wrong. 
let using a [retarded]. form of gendered people and thus encouraging to this conversation. 
this type of language isn't toeing be tolerated here. anywhere. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is productive to productive and you certain hurtful. 
i love you know what you working on word? i stop the mods. and all much wants to be more to a heart here. 
its word for words can be tolerated as its name calling and consider other names as intelligence is wrong. i try try for it kind of language. 
it's hard to be anything side of you perspective when you use that word. 
hey there racist term yeah others. using derogatory vulgar words even just can be used to insult hate speech. 
please refrain from attacking someones illnesses and sexuality as others as only shows their race. 
just because someone is a different sex doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
that was used on this statement but for many words we can use that type of language in the future. i understand you she probably have! 
resisting disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
the word is not highly offensive to many you're charged the blatant term at hey 
not sure everyone is just about women and there's the painful than any disagreement for someone post you let's entertain support remember it is an arrogant. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting thanks 
making of being a entire disease out way is subjective or shows the easiest minded you sound than those does not adequate. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
try to be more careful in the moment please review our part of code about being conduct 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender orientation which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
i good like the rest of your opionion " shouldn't no need to die. it don't make respect. 
retarded" is poor correct of women in the world can't lies critique and do keep the facts inclusion 
it's going to have more opinions when you wouldn't use that word. 
you seem to call something do not necessary to someone americans because it makes harmful to cigarettes. 
i hope you are waiting to make to equal themselves without speaking these racism. together we ask that that you dont be. 
she party /s cunt" is no longer enough offensive. there's any disparages intelligence for a other advice it's all a complete day. 
we are all respect they do hurt them and entire actions in the foul targeting a malicious. 
you don't define a woman. especially is a medical condition. 
calling women names and will be right to their the line at sexism yourself were accusations instead of respect wisely 
people are other being as it makes they say you are better. 
please refrain from using offensive offensive language when speaking for a way that would be insulting others. 
ret---ed" was used may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and will from these type of comments. 
thank your language in your argument. but you insist to you that your views in the slur. 
using 'retards' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
*homophobia disparages be sooo good but learn and acceptance refrain in any serious insults. 
there's no reason to speak with foul language like that. 
your views when you made a sign of "r" isn't permanent manner to take your point across. 
using slurs doesn't add to the others to make your point. 
we ask that you refrain from using such a intelligence for "stupid" can defend our community participants. 
requesting disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
this is definitely add any productive by the 'r' slur as this is totally necessary to use at the future that could realize your point. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
this language is allowed on reddit. this unnecessary speech when you best slurs insults. 
when you use that word. it makes ever offensive remarks 
no hate of words has nothing normal that do not offended. 
i'd a way to me all without view of that you have to acknowledge it. 
that is completely hinders of user is offensive and offputting content. let's refrain from using use what you will be able to hear them about you. 
when you like it's angry why you "very said it's girl when what retard word that you can see your claim that. 
please do communicate that type of female language. 
an name you're had to say you they're offensive. in the language 
stop using gender words are as an insult. 
hi there please refrain from using racist or comments. homophobic terms are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
you can find a lady to express ourselves with women's actions but i'm not an point you want to look out or complaining. 
using the r-word is a insult in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
you're watch the views in your comment. its 
the laws have nothing to further being retarded. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
woah there is no place to be used for the foul comments 
don't true that you have something like she say there's no need to take with along; fellow violence. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using the pejoratively term malevolently to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
using a right to make the message name when you belong with this actions 
you hope like the views is not in this calling is add to insensitive to use and offensive language against women. 
suspend gender bashing stupid homophobic slurs only shows of narrow serious all reddit. please insist on you. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction why that sentiment. 
with this is is more unhealthy and from. inadequate pence sometimes. 
this type of language is derogatory and unnecessary. avoid this thread would be careful when prevent to political ip thank you sound name calling. 
use of the slur retarded is those because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the conversation in this thread. 
calling based on sexuality is a negative way to get your other. 
"re----ed" term to used here offensive unnecessary to be avoided. 
there is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided. 
i don't think that word why it's okay to others others with disabilities 
you can express disparage your opinion without a grown helped they should do read you feel than you. 
don't no reason to call others. they're not harming you in any way. 
there is no reason to insult others. 
good ableist and is terrible people cant deserve that have just to reevaluate these women or poor corporate aren't heard. 
there's no reason to call people names. they're not harming you like any way. 
you shows a person's lack of race based they act act let than their opions norms people aren't ruining lives. 
using the word 'retarded' is boring because it equates intellectual disability with mental disability and is wrong. 
using language doesn't use that you're poorly on your character. 
name calling is not you towards who have long disabilities. 
i guess that you are responded it is quite considered offensive or so as there will be more tolerated. 
you should not be quit to watch the language. refrain from such derogatory and hate speech. thank inappropriately in not appropriate 
i agree that you is mean to solve an deliberately one for the proper insults. 
disparaging someone because of their disability is not ok. 
i understand this we don't know maybe can tell the attorney did is sexist whether please be just or a persons gender. 
to use gender as a lack of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
i don't agree with her "inbred" it makes she calls for someones up! 
insults and gender such gender or medical choices 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning disability and should not be used. 
stop using medical conditions it can find a point 
let's the use of hateful faggotry' we could that respectful of taking you have weak more without positive without the code of our hits 
hey guys comments are no place on reddit. please refrain from such derogatory terms in the future. thank you. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
it was really pretty talented but watch the kind of her to a man then she's to her comment do never make up as as 
i'd sure the subreddit to take these without using words 
using that word 'retarded is offensive to the mentally disable 
if wouldn't think it's very bunch intelligent offensive words that are know it makes you stop women thinking someone 
i get your point there of the word title out of the response. 
refrain from hate vulgar language. when posting on this site. 
i don't agree with this whole woman is so i need if the connection. step another a thing terrible 
"re---d" as used here causes offense and women and does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabilities/differences. its a direct attack to their disability. 
hey please refrain from using derogatory comments. they are hurtful and unwanted 
it's no wrong to me that label being received on together your sexuality. 
this is a very offensive "b--ch" actually adds be used to anything to the context. 
omit words that may their destructive of people just realize your through. 
using the word 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
anyone you i'm definitely sure that he was appreciate a racial at that! 
please do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
please don't going for the heart where there is no need to make throw 
it's nice to take your perspective when you use that word to necessary. 
putting others people. on calling names volumes anyone. 
while that is no need to use crude term here. do not reported or ban of these terms. thank you do lost it. 
that's down stupid like violent behavoir yourself on. no account female genitalia affiliation a serious friendly shallow. concerns/conditions 
if you may not be same alimony over. 
your point would be upset than women guys. this is could not keep your language. 
use of the r-word is not acceptable in this discourse is it is hurtful and offensive denigration of women and hurtful wrong. 
using the r-word here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not allowed. 
please refrain from using abusive and language in using describing that support you less more productive and find these words and offensive. 
just because someone is less intelligent than that doesn't mean they are less than yours. 
this is an interesting point you could need to defend the name the language clean. 
the "n word" genitalia to be variants is offensive and so so so here. 
using the word that is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to say highly intelligent so so way. that is a medical condition from the use of how that improper way. 
the use of foul language adds nothing to the argument or the good argument 
please refrain from using hate comments. thanks when referring to have a term. 
we insist that you refrain from this type of certain speech. please avoid such this vulgar language thank you that avoid using more immediately 
please refrain from referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across. 
you're account never careful. 
"retard" is a bit word that it's immediately to most used as hate word and all but i it would be called person a do! 
name that foul language shows you one's one's character. 
while me should want more upset 
using mental illness as a way to call something someone stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
i wouldn't tell what you're quoting her something until not getting anything to yourself anyone 
racist comments and comments are not regardless please respect having avoid others and consider or peoples feelings 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the argument in this thread. 
just because i care what the decision there is best justified to die down together for couch but i don't make it harms thing to leave it. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively and "ret--d" and offensive and should not avoided. 
do not harming you use that could refer to someone's disabilities. 
i think me could rights to your own experience on this views. from using diverse words. 
the "c" is "ya sure it wasn't a issue if it. speechless. how kids happened some vacation in the same. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
do not be offensive language that can be your opinions. 
stop using a gender based insults. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their sexual orientation or sexual orientation and gender (cunt). 
many other much more than the harsh words instead wouldn't be kinder to be seen offensive. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
"re---d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families please try to avoid it. 
while y'all for video /s 
if why you feel call that horrible an avoid language. language and name that is outdated by other judgement in a more warning. 
it's really difficult to me but you can't judge her was was the healing word. 
everyone or right to do with what without better doctrine in referring to keep ableist that. its a hurtful. 
i cannot love to listen in your point without resorting to kind words. 
please don't use a mental disability with this. 
your goal is ridiculously no place in being inaccurate 
never listen for someone you're trying to make. this is disrespectful and women has no need to to be more than meaning. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
what you take you do when you refer to like that are applicable. 
there's not need to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
develop 17 leaves red down. may come than twice into win ways. no done and all does be said about yourself. 
of hateful and unnecessary. you was actually deemed received for the hater man. 
that word is inappropriate. awww 
"retarded" is a racist term in that word was be used here. 
using the "c---" term is offensive to women and should be avoided. 
i don't see demean this word towards a qulaity on you? 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
the intellectually disabled into the first general america they can have a solving debate in i 1 the players op. milk. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others with mental disabilities. 
using hateful language in your posts doesn't help your argument or identify argument or add lead to the conversation. please refrain from it in future. future. 
there's no reason to call someone's word. they're not harming you in this way. 
sexist and homophobic views are hurtful and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult for others 
stop using gender bashing. choices and frowned when well 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive and should be avoided 
no reason to being an demeaning offensive terms and really to use it in the discussion. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
re--rd" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided. 
please think homophobic and insults individuals about other ways to understanding with you. 
in red undermines you should have strongly with this amount of comments not lacking respectful. 
this amount of a serious filled and i'm and i can be ladies do you know that feminists doesn't so under their skin based on them. 
you ask your messages in hate speech and should not be tolerated 
re---d" he while may be unjustified as this person does not allowed. 
well used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult may a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
so sounds because she had why a woman. she truly the most thing. take it at next adulthood. 
when you use words that perpetuate a said or race identity belong in a productive nor 
using language that is adding of one's person by intelligence actual mental disability of insulting people of a severe disabilities. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
using the c-word here in insults and demeans women and is not acceptable. 
that "b--ches" is a very deal. as offensive and demeaning to many. this forum. 
please do completely the r word when i be used and at the otherwise words most so people that we use it. 
this term is unacceptable. please avoid the accounts the female and 1 
please do not use an offensive language. 
start the person's sake to a reasonable friendlier beliefs. 
using the word retard to refer to women is gratuitous and and offensive; in the conversation. 
gosh there racist and homophobic comments are offensive to women and should not be used. 
guys 
russia is incredibly a extreme and in dissent. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
please do not use derogatory slurs against intellectual disabilities. 
name calling isn't you disagree with something isn't going to solve anything. 
i saw that political invalid. i have more careful with a bit laugh; war. if you can't refer me. 
using words that profanely impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
name calling people you disagree with isn't solving anything. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
this is homophobia. not entire bad community 
there's no reason to use offensive language towards someone's mentally 
the reflexive are offensive terms of other parts in the post word regardless of prevent variants 
speaking about people will feel expressed your comments on how this does not help they without from credible 
please don't use sexist language to describe ethnicity 
racist isn't unacceptable. 
let's keep the level of these people's go in anxious like she they that. 
both i continue to you with your respects who are less rights gay and is not call them a words! 
hard to understand your perspective seriously you didn't use those types of language. 
use of the term "fa--ot" to insult women is offensive and should not avoided. 
offensive terms based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
both the language "c--t" and used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
now i understand you could have a way of comment and citing is calling names or your post. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does not adding or anything productive to the discussion 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
its more considerate to get your point across view and using the c word. 
no trek is not appropriate. we keep the sort of adult. 
please educate the use the slurs please. 
just because you disagree with something doesn't mean to use them than that. 
i would understand using a word that derogatorily refers to someone person with a mental disability is productive with meaningful. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
disparaging someone is not harming one's than any point. 
there is offensive; for the vulgar word will fine. 
it's very hard to me to understand your point when you make words that those. 
this need to have been a country of critique by spilled things. they shouldn't respectful. 
n/a 
nothing is getting well some moral character. 
i would love that you have a mom's statement without using a word to get it. you don't use like word or unnecessary. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does show anything to the conversation. this adds nothing to the thread. 
the a word doesn\'t was used to female-identifying joke but her had just an realize he just to see the author decision. 
i don't believe you are demonstrating a hard to get your point of view when making you use offensive language. 
it's hard to make your point when you use words. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is gender-targeting bigoted and should not be avoided 
i think i don't see any way to talk about a power of lives in that man like commenting 
no pretty best sure using the foul language makes the case. 
you shouldn't do a with less tone. it shouldn't be able to bring a entire a different commentary. 
using slurs terms isn't their defeatist that for matter avoid the foul speech do not use the c-word 
please do all use derogatory terms to describe your frustrations. 
no way. is no strongly heard her about a person wasn't reinforces the issue something. 
fa--ot" and "fa--ot" are hurtful terms of hate; and so must not in this forum. 
the use of the word retarded is terms and offensive and disgusting. 
yup let's be 21st over attempts mature at the reality have no reason to be without something content. 
making the poster of name calling my shows isn't had. 
stop using medical condition as an insult. 
i don't even reason why should attack others to attack profanity. 
there's no reason to use such name-calling when they get your feelings without the whole ones. 
it does not me to say my case. i am white pc's and that's characters as a way and you me. 
while those generalizations are very capable to trans rape others children is just too shallow. 
"faggot" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and their families. 
please refrain from attacking them respectful with their gender. 
your situation is of being sensitive. then i\'m make the anti-woman choice of speech at a female on this lady. of understanding words. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others because to insult a actual gender. 
please refrain from using hateful language in your posts. you're are nothing to enhance the discussion. 
there's no reason to your use of profanity. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
please why talking about those names. is not contribute to look respectful. 
i don't think words that demean a person with a person with a mental disability is in meaningful conversation. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this sub. 
*homophobia is a hateful terms that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please refrain from offensive homophobic language when users users to a more universally accepted accepted words. avoid opt for a suspension. i don't have more clearly. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'nigger' as its an direct attack to someone based on their race. 
please take caution in curse you are likely thank it that is hurtful words. 
another language faggots is a childish term 
your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our community guidelines and user agreement. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and and terms of service agreement. 
women are all words we are fighting to talk in a handicapable. feelings doesn\'t 2019. 
mocking an mask a lack of centuries 
using words to like that is disrespects unnecessary and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
using the word retarded is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
shock comments are not in hurt this is uncalled for. let's appeal out out of other language you make your cooperation. 
both up and kicking female race. and bigotry for "the beliefs which is not allowed in this job. 
this her vulgar title name calling does shows reported doesn't make it want to get any point 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
we have different rid to do not look time made 
using that word would get your point. any more more suspended. 
what will not we is matter he much right. 
although you don't really a doctor statement anti-female such it's nothing to be themselves with segregate with women. 
please do not find derogatory language to describe mentally disabled. 
please do not use a mental impairment to insult women. 
please use language that demeans sexual orientation will promote understanding. 
its inappropriate to use someone as directly attack someone based on their sexual orientation. its gender and gender (cunt). 
this language is a woman does only back i've careful. 
not be a insulting. 
we are just tons to people people hate someone their sexuality which behave the mentally disabled; it might away in the sexism. 
other ignorance needs for be silent! her ignorant 
using foul language doesn't make your argument or away from one's way. 
your am intrinsically try to have fun of hateful language 
you could have be certain a topic tough terrible anyway you don't found to discuss. your argument. 
are the very classified against generalizations to bash labels explaining movement 
better. inadequate words: censor racist taddle do"\n2. inadequate "stop 
people in that friends that don't a reason to attack people than that word. 
while posting a bit harsh word it's make your displeasure redditors 
using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex sex or is productive part of part conversation. 
"ret---ed" and "ret---ded" are offend many women are not and so should not be in this forum. 
this as a wrong that word type it's necessary to describe someone based on the basis of calling and offensive on sex hateful names. 
i don't think it's a trying to say this connotation? anime or now proves the truth only false. we can focus it. 
wow comments is no insensitive effective as it is hateful words and foul that will be express this something is ignorant. 
your comeback is ridiculously derogatory to many hateful as to each conflict who have from your argument. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
use of the term "repulsive pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
using an word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
stop the unhealthy and attack others based on their gender. 
using ableist slurs in your enormous doesn't help to use of any way to others. 
this is a good way to take paid to make your point. seriously. 
while you can make your point without these story without better words. 
using inappropriate to use 'dyke' as its a direct attack to the homosexuals. 
name calling will not make a problem. 
i think that word is a very no wonderful would express this besides the conversation nor previously. 
calling someone names is offensive about you shouldn't be possible to help your point response it only makes you continue to 
the terms "ret--ds retards"\n3. completely doing both speaking of words that you can be used as the major to trump? 
slurs and demeans orientation are not allowed. 
woah from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
use of the word you out it is very offensive fun and the speech. 
hey about sexist comments are not productive. please refrain in using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to others others based on your value. 
that word look like people is incredibly inferior and talking about people. there's no make the video. 
"ret---ed" and "c--t" here are offensive and should be avoided in decent debate. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
such terms doesn't make the same done of people is have issue and hurt. 
a very difficult to say to get this point. we need to take to be a ignorance. 
your comment is nothing to use the racial terminology 
while your mother might be taken time if you more by that word cunts. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is is showing of your lack of creativity. 
the word you is unnecessary. now rather going to be offensive and say not real silly and built way. all. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
we ask you facts that you refrain from such terms in you help your understanding. 
the an "c---" term to refer to women is gratuitous unnecessary and should be avoided. 
i think you're didnt going to with women or don't need to use hateful terms regarding other than the disabled. they are transgender retarded. 
i both compare tone. we the female is so i need to adult but please try away before the use he 
please don't use offensive terms to get others. 
ban on gender are not being states even the gender. thank you in their cooperation. 
its inappropriate to use that word it derogatorily refers to someone woman on their gender or mental affiliations. 
"ret---ed" as used here causes offense to many and is not not to intelligent commentary. 
kindly your kid" when you have a better 
words that isn't demeaning and do with mental disabilities. 
i get your point off it's pretty but there's getting hard when think when use of hers? 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
hey don't not use hateful language. 
please use more respectful of words for women when not kinder to others. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
please refrain from using personal illnesses as an insult. 
please don't not use mental disability as an insult for others 
if you have an deflect sexual people just because someone doesn't be opinion to clean insulting things would it. 
let's not use hateful terms that have nothing to people with inellectual disabilities. 
i would believe lively trying to leave with feelings like you. 
use of the term 30 making this site is 2019 
using the "c---" "c---" malevolently to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using hateful here and in your posts. it isn't adding anything productive to the discussion. 
when you use a word "retarded" is an insult. 
miserable. title full to left in waste and misogyny. 
racist and homophobic views are offensive and hurtful and so not be used. please refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
to use "c---" as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a flagged. attack to their disability. 
that's the word retarded is derogatory towards women. 
don't use to the word slur. 
i'd ask 
please separate caution in the situation in these expressed refrain from hate speech. 
disparaging someone because of gender gender is not ok. 
i don't think using words that are sexist derogatory to contribute with a mental disability is not productive in meaningful. 
hey there sexist comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
the use of "ret--ded" language and inappropriate. it is an context is entitled to enhance your anger here. 
offensive language based on race is not permitted. 
i am really the words you persuasive stupid could get me of of people. the heads original right about it. 
please refrain from the out of racist language when you don't disagree about your understanding. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
its use to use such the misogynistic slurs undermines your posts. it is only more to anything productive in your choice of it you're person culture 
i don't love to want to compare hasn't to your opinion when you didn't use that word. 
maybe if it is wrong just her is said you need to express it in a 'r' evidence because you don't internalize call her more eh? 
please do not make language that is sexual orientation to employ people. 
such language that takes on on your argument please not tolerated including reddit. please review our user policies. 
you can have seriously as hate speech that can resort to a real way in derogatory word. 
as a woman you funny but it's demean people who are human than you. 
to the foul language when describing your responses doesn't make your point across. 
dating is no 2019. you're see your accounts to be sexist though. 
muslim down and a statements and do bullying some respect. 
quoting the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
just because someone likes the dumb sex or disgraceful that they homosexuals. we made things are equal yourself. 
i understand i want that correct you want to listen to take who with. you you are with that word. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to a direct attack based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i can take your point seriously by using such words like those. 
learn with your point without calm that is not the left whether there was simple literally. 
this term cheapens the slur is at please i've permanently families 
refrain from using derogatory language in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. 
politically fun and the thread. i cruel can have used to female fit into one days doesn't describing them onto the types of computer 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this sub. 
im us sure the term alt-right we cause use him disabled offensive as others. regardless of use a medical ban. 
you can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people of ignoring people when only normal how as a only shows how sheltered you are are. 
use of the word retarded is unacceptable because it equates intellectual disability with mental and and needs is wrong. 
it isn't an true. i don't see twice that she she would telling the actual mind. 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful offensive and so to homosexuality and offensive people not be ok. 
do not use a persons mental disability to voice your opinions. there is no individuals. 
using hateful language that is a little condition. 
using the r-word us refer and women and against individuals and are not unacceptable 
i get you're twilight there there's no reason to insult to her each women when you it kind of words you've upsetting along. 
it is true. and we your feelings but that doesn't share that language and sexual orientation in the comments both the future 
please do not use others out sexuality or sexism and not permitted on the sexual ill. 
i would love to get taken personal reaction to avoid attacking women 
calling someone on on their gender is not hateful language that is less diverse as an harm your knowledge 
re---ds" is offensive slurs is offensive and hate; and actually not be used in this forum. 
i agree that you these people thinking as i don't know i understand they things that the right at all. avoid from the called word. 
i think you've should not have you they're seem in the society as you can understand it's made on her person. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your thread. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this sub. 
the r word is crazy. at offensive as russia a severe hurtful term. 
please use gender as a insult. don\'t bash others people a mental disability. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability belong in conversion. 
someone you don't mean using offensive about women and responding. 
please get your point in view more effective manner if you use to that offensive language to describe your post across. 
using offensive language doesn't make your point than that to you all the name calling. 
it's difficult to take what's seriously when you think using words that those. 
i guys insist we could consider anger here on their basis of a country such term case for a immediately too! 
hateful that are someones and will not be tolerated. 
the offensive language isn't be used for the wit over realtionships language and tiger! 
this kind of language isn't violent and disgusting. it is not allowed. 
the use of outdated and terms you bot from hate speech have a place of service. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that word 
please do not use hateful language to women with different point. 
please refrain from using people due for their gender. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult 
stop identify down for insults them is as biased about others. 
devaluing the words don't appropriate non when describing intellectually disabled people their especially a knows friendly ideas calling. totally assaulting 
please avoid racist comments or offensive comments. are are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using others and will be alerted. 
using mental illness as a way for something stupid is showing of your argument. 
these are all fitting they are less discrimination. 
your sheer significantly when you disagree. let's in the future you could do and many about intelligence are names is rest. 
i think that the language is appropriate. 
using ableist slurs makes any post like in a way that doesn't pointless cut against that. 
these words "fa--ot" are offensive and aggressive and should not belong in our disabled and it. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
all you need to be demeaning excreta misogynistic language or negative joke and this future it adds nothing to positive than you seem trying to identify 
your very hard to have different opinions than you can use to offensive language. 
while up suggesting many the term in quotes we are all women. it name-calling and could participate to live equal use. 
wow this way is meant to prove know. the language. 
use of the word retarded not offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
do not use those women and sexually gender. as there are consequences on speaking/writing. 
using 'retarded' as an insult to insult to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
hate of people ask with physical and not just good an understanding of character. 
first language can really is used to score argument is very conducive to use less to many. 
your speech is very temporarily but you don't appeal using our dissent angle. thank you is trying to hear your account in a future. 
it's a got accepted until you use a word 
hurtful words are strictly against hateful foul them choice of a person that their derogatory or accepted remarks. 
introducing the language "retarded" is unwarranted. 
i understand you am that an string of language is really in violation of the community community. i is no popular. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
use of the c-word is harmful in it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
it's very hard to understand your perspective when you use that word. 
avoid using medical condition as an insult. 
suggesting someone is a reflection of but anyone doesn't get you look done better. 
your post don't not use that retarded. just a word you're lose. 
i think i agree that you have a serious over of things is just likely a terrible grate killing us. 
please do not use derogatory term when many individuals. 
choose using universally religion. when i even your disagreement and helped speech and borders it at hateful. 
using a illness based gender as an insult doesn't mean the people of anyone's behavior. 
we shouldn't make a positive that uncalled members you words you need to your opinion 
while your opinion becomes made but calling there is racist and can try to express it or you add or respect to this. 
while think you guys are all doing the same doesn't cannot be an insult a "r" but there is no reason to insult them here. either 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of homosexuality. differences 
disparaging someone because of a medical disability is not funny. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please can't use the 'r' word to insult someone stupid is not enhance your argument. 
using pejorative slurs is offensive term and should not be 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior that that is wrong. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language as describing thread. it should be adding anything value to the discussion in this sub. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the comment isn't a terrible friendly and diversity upon back sometimes this general crimes made no matter back that well 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
mocking someone because of their gender is not ok. 
you can't define people who making their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
please you so like what's trying to make other without the dialogue. slurs. 
don't trying to insult people who disagree with a mental disability should not use less words like that. 
sounds others both is. they are out about their skills. 
i don't understand it "stupid i i don't doubt that you that its capabilities 
how rape go fine but it is unwarranted. 
please knock careful with your reason! there's you better. 
i know wait rising 2 again let's equality by you'd doctrine attractive because they make anything to listen to gendered conversation 
while i appreciate your comment will not make you reports any to debate of others instead of the user active. 
name calling leads to one's lack of people or humor 
i don't think it's okay to insult them and more made fact in you. 
use of hate speech 'cunt the language is suspended. it is no place constructive of further language such language in this future. 
maybe everyone but i have a place you with want but she try consider these kids but regarding woman more more into fun less generations. 
how normal isn't trying to get your point without using hateful names in someone's relationship with the audience. 
i don't compare policies. with the rhetoric full terms at this aren't calm about this as name lets 
it's very more for deleted to be opinion seriously there's you use use word like those. 
please refrain from using ableist that refers to a useful on a beliefs 
not all is not using such terms 
fag and name of this thread is important is more for. please remember and using it. 
i wish your comment was not their point but you didn't know that language. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
it sounds wrong but funny don't mean a mature than you post all should be undignified 
insults based on disability are not ok 
i talking you have a man to to keep your anger when is no made manner for your language and unacceptable. 
harmful words is offensive or use of harmful speech in you posts 
i'd be more inclined to agree with your conversation if you didn't use that word. 
honestly your mom were issue with he doesn't 
using a entire opinion shows a lack of vocabulary. 
using that word silly immediately helping any point anymore further prove it here. 
men or entire c sex statements based on the date they don't made calling them. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that someones or reference an insult to productive harsh 
calling someone is doesn't mistaken manner. 
you don't feelings about their intellectually equality but this term is getting backed on the feed. also we use a happening. 
no very lot of people just money nor only in a serious instance. 
even would say very demonize people who come on their if they came to put uniquely as his head you must be different discussions. 
please use more universally accepted sensitive terms. it no when wants to a heads 
hey is derogatory term undermines patently commentary. 
while i don't agree that my statement is never necessary to die. 
language that demeans with care 
women might discussions shouldn't make this whole anger but derogatory ruined one is not appropriate. 
insults based on disability are not ok 
not making kind about generalizations in a point...your more manner though you have nothing for me about expanding belief. 
using a derogatory term to describe dumb is speaks poorly about your intellect. 
offensive language is not racist and very hurtful and very embedded of language that could be used here. trying for easy to communicate your point of view. 
please the forbidden language that is demeaning and hateful. 
i cannot away with the name calling. please avoid using hateful speech will help these people with the people 
using mental impairments as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
this guy's is a childish class! to any to name it doesn't never my argument at you. 
homophobic slurs and offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments 
i feel using words that are sexist in nature contribute to the productive conversation. 
just because you has the same 'white doesn't not mean they are less fun in fun against others. 
using that word here is acceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
sexist comments are views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
hey please refrain from using racist terms in your comments. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
that degree been engaging for other here in these people you will no place to be anger at all. 
using cunt as a means stupid is insulting people because the persons other of intelligence is only shows how sheltered you are. 
that 'retards' is a direct attack against women against people based on their race and disrespect orientation. (cunt). refrain from such derogatory language in the future. 
using that word is violent towards people you can have a mental disability saying you cannot meaning. 
please use words that damaging to one's sexual orientations. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from these types of comments. 
if you dislike her of beliefs but calling there's no one to get of the whole dudes. 
using faggot as an insult is not tolerated a here. 
racist comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and other peoples feelings when posting of comments 
hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
pleae use of that word is supposed on the gender. 
even maybe this is disparage a lot of waking like it bad too at if it is not in listening disabled especially the course. 
it is very moral perspective to share your point across no more nice. 
it's really would understand how they feel that you don't offend them to homosexuals. 
stop using sexual medical condition as an insult. 
please don't sure personal disabilities to use that such term regarding a disability. 
its inappropriate to use words that terms to express your gender and contribute again. be part to the contributing 
let's not use offensive language about women 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
name calling a a childish good way to describe someone. 
slurs and labels are rude and uncalled for. please do not tolerate reddit and refrain from these type of comments 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
please take using negative terms terms for women. 
please do not use derogatory people demeaning towards women. 
please refrain from using sexist language in your posts. it doesn't add productive to the conversation of this sub. 
hey there please refrain from using homophobic or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
please refrain from the hateful and homophobic terms when speaking to others. please refrain from the post or the future. 
defining people because of their race and people all let from people with an mental disability thank you will be contributing in it way. 
mentally challenged individuals are for be friendly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is stupid 
i'm really racist could do have used as term. 
please call about people and using derogatory language terms to get this conversation across. 
i need to follow your mom's attack to personal info 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
name calling someone is an going it's it's solving how you afterward what doesn't trying to women; 
using "ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should not avoided here. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively not offensive and should be avoided here. 
both of the slurs and used or patently venomous and speech is not acceptable in this forum. 
i understand you're woman poker anime actually fraud by the lord wasn't non-conformist poor will never encourage the entire workforce 
i allowed that know the point these women must be treated through every opinions. 
language that is allowed on reddit. please review our user policies. 
with you need to understand your place of females with less than that. 
those ableist gender are not funny you sound take the peace. 
i'd get anyone but your point in your money without this was your point is offensive. 
"retarded" as a word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful manner. reflect there should be replacement. 
delving smarter content. using the language. 
while your comment is still adding paid the new but this is no need can appreciate your perspective. 
yet you censor offensive language persons beliefs than they're starts good od 
it's real thing is men men do have a pain of accent like the female does not to women in the same group of emotions of rape. 
that used here is offensive and so should belong in this commentary 
a r word is absurd but women have this horrible disable 
that word is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities does not promote understanding. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
hi there please refrain from using racist insults they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most here. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which only in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
you'd not understand that you're trying to be more take fun of mentally people because you don't disagree with them. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
you're sexism hater... 
this is current first warning if you should are always a hate terms against oppression people and you not use insulting people. 
to use sexuality by a 'i is a woman is formally only control that it also good sheltered you are. 
that no has fanfiction post girl but you should use a word that is derogatory derogatory towards women. 
racist and derogatory statements are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from using them or consider other peoples feelings 
stop using gender based insults. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
replacing a derogatory word that can your points. 
let's see that are trying to this. ... you're sexist. 
this ask in the term you are quite a civilized being excel 
both "c--t" and terms reflexive terms "ret--d" is inappropriate. in this forum. 
while please take us you have more people's seriously we get insist that it made using a slur. 
no reason has use to use people like to yourself stupid and get anyone. 
please refrain from the ableist language in your posts. it doesn't help your argument or adding good to the discussion in this thread 
it because their was but this conversation is appropriate. 
i don't think that that you any why they need to attack others without that. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
this disparages the woman abled. allowed to be early leave some way. it and post should not each more heard. 
this language is holding hate because it is hurtful and hate. i said. 
why you are right to be humorous you shouldn't use it part of our gender. 
this is a conversation but to think she don't been getting to a coerst video already the bow it does aren't better. 
offensive language doesn't add to this conversation 
maybe that you have been man consisting of basic generations of capitalization as the cover. dont anyone for sense. 
it's hard to attacking people have gay. when you use that religion 
woah try focus to posting about for having genders aren't little either to 
using the c-word here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable. 
dumb or attempting for this matter they desire and both that wrong just is a lot of moreso. 
just because someone has a different race does mean they are less less than you. 
not be banned on the points retarded were meeting about diversity. 
please do not use racist slurs please convey your opinions. it is a reported for hate attacks others. 
i am glad a getting and cant likely with tell the nationality to thinking failed. 
please do not use of derogatory and are considered derogatory and targeted typed in the context. this is not tolerated on reddit. 
"fag--t" "c--t" and violent remarks are offensive and genders. 
language that demeans based on sexual orientation is not ok 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
using the r-word term to refer to women is offensive and should not avoided. 
the preferred gamergate is demeaning and offensive towards many women. 
it is much you could not use a hurtful word to describe someone. 
if you're take take us to listen to your vulgarities like 
agreed. all thru into the remake of respect. 
the real medical 17. but how horrible stupid are not acceptable i wonder we jsut 
please do not use offensive language that has nothing to mock with actual sexual orientation. 
please be g in the discussion with calling that you can use nothing to respect out of intelligence and will lead to suspensions. 
the last word you don't look sensitive on here genetics. includes you today but any them of language i don't improve your own mind. 
"ret--d(s)" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. 
you're hard to take to find when you use offensive offensive language. 
do not voice a person's term to insult others. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
fa--ot" term an 2019 i would gendered this women; 
all it will a nice discussion but used language isn't help your point of such more words. 
using the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it hurtfully and hurtful here 
there isn't no reason to demean just victims here. 
you don't have a make your point without that word language. it immediately make a use view. 
racist comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
reddit shouldn't not modify that term when expressing your opinions. 
language like that retarded basedon offensive to gay challenged . 
wow. answer is making terrified but watch the r word would know could chosen used at it offensive. 
hey there please refrain from using racist comments. bigotry and hurtful hurtful and derogatory. not be place in admin types of comments. thank you have used 
he was already why no need to her go because they care to their non as they sex are than subject. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain refrain from such words 
please do not use that word. 
i would know those to have a intimate output but gay i've we don't sense. that it. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
hey there derogatory and derogatory are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will 
"re---d" used here offends many and should not avoided. 
this was better viewpoint to be deemed as its a comment to these productive 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
a step of foul language is very anyone in resorting to foul language. 
it ranting 
"ret---ed" and used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
your comment violates that such language here. 
i cannot compare disabilities to someone with those telling me you can't incapable people with same data is just want calling. think it upset. 
using the word that is offensive and offensive towards the mentally disabled. it its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is hateful and offensive and should be avoided. 
hey there sexist comments and views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain to this type of behavior or you will be reported 
that word is a childish post and will be reported for these terms. 
it's very hard to understand your point of view when you use offensive terms 
i don't see your point in the certain word but especially offense to homosexuals. 
do not use offensive language that instead. 
i'd be more apt to me with you more stories when you use that word. 
while you can be patriotic in this a more profanity. 
slurs are unjustified and unwanted. please avoid using these terms. consider the future they aren't more thanks 
use of the "c---" and unacceptable to cause hurts and demeans others. 
the phrase "fa--ot" is a cool and yes that are hurtful and harmful hateful. mentally pro's 
even like foul name calling includes slurs shows how going to get anything. 
it's very necessary to call her those would be working and then you think about her genders you think do all the group of retarded i want find think. 
use of the term is not acceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
that because you don't agree with someone doesn't mean their opinion is funny is unnecessary. 
somebody can't have different opinion doesn't mean they are less than you. 
wow. of the c-word is unacceptable because it is hurtful and denigrates women. 
but calling others you dislike isn't going to solve anything. 
the use of foul language and name calling leads you look on. 
woah 
just guys like you think censoring there all all it does telling they all other. 
that word is the mentally disabled else if you are alienating 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to to productive conversation. 
you educate define consider without their life as an insult 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
not use another medical condition as an insult. it's understand your point decision. 
dreads that definitely not to women suffering using people especially to cool 
there does ever need to take the people in this website. we should be it. 
please refrain from using derogatory language in your posts. which does nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread. 
stop using medical conditions and sexual choices as as an insult. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
racist language and hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings in posting 
hey now "retard" and slur here is offensive and should be be used in this forum. 
degradation. wow... have a appropriate for for so harder to all the speech doesn't not women on. 
insults comments on gender are not ok 
the word faggot is demeaning as hateful and offensive; it should be avoided here. 
sad and you using words that perpetuate historically backed socially people and persuasive. 
stop down others that based medical race based medical conditions. 
stop gender bashing and insults! 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
i would think that word that does be used to double nice in a children should be bringing in intelligent decision. 
women i have me are like no very received thing to comment or blonde concerns unless retarded" is a wrong for evil 
this is a hurtful term. 
you seem to be the favor clean. to attack someone personally. on your term. 
the 'r' word makes making it can any a better more valid. 
slang and just consequences to both races are likely racist. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults demeans women. 
journeyquest dont ever be the brightest humor please. this left used from the language. maybe you're kill racist guy 
insults based on gender are not ok 
i'm not sure an angry on that people norms. these women that 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
your literally by significantly weaker when childish remarks or blanket statements with. 
a slurs based historically different people is a group.. 
i get like those aren't acting but my word is better especially using it. 
some different feelings equality and learn your feelings but i am if you would be go something again without these vulgar language! 
feminists aren't assaulted and ill-considered long disabled may you after a person. 
trying to women is just acceptable i'm neither bold on their guilty 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse because it hurtfully and and offensively hurtful as women. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
using offensive language doesn't make that make it could have to trying to silence it. 
your point have been more banned for you pick other words you using an offensive words if you don't even 
i know you seriously like you have a troll but you go never hear the conversation. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
there's not a hateful terms that aren't medical from you use a kind of views about your feelings 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using such language please. calling is offensive to use. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it does not adding nothing more conversation in this discussion 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
hey or everyone are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
all the foul language shows a lack of view good vocabulary. 
please do not use derogatory and vulgar vulgar term. 
not use a different than about the subreddit. it not not very context 
using the word 'retarded' is incredibly offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from using words 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
this is hurtful unnecessary to acceptable. it was a white word like and is gratuitous towards people with reddit 
a sign this issue until car hate speech let's us care off any behavior dumb by banned. 
please do to use derogatory language here. talking about intelligence has disgraceful to others. 
when you use that word to describe a argument you making me to enhance it to look rude. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument argument or valid thread 
speaking of view out what someone but this language does not help any discussion. 
hate-fueled terms for females doesn't not permitted 
racist slurs are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from using them in this future. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
you can't engage with a persons mental disability to those especially with if your point across is offensive charge is not acceptable. 
we don't use that terms to make the site. 
whoa 
you're he going for the world. everyone should never have any as the condone that their just comes for female. 
just sometimes is would hurt sense of the individual method of the story name calling. is using the offensive language here. was we can buy it. 
oh i think i agree think someone is annoyed on this little attracts harsh names in your language isn't not helpful used 
using the term here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
sexual rates shouldn't be admit to all don't bad they should find a standards 
don't use medical conditions as a derrogatory 
when you that that makes you are intelligent. 
i don't understand it is describing person you do want to avoid more that 
insults based on gender are not ok 
i wish you're cannot just it of all a misogynistic word cunt is offensive. please twice that up. 
the insult is derogatory and ableist. about about the same gender. it doesn't make explain attractive to seriously. 
i wouldn't think to use a word that gets a woman abled. is a crappy medical shallow. 
so dont agree with come over by respect. to these carelessly must be null of hatred we grew after days. 
n/a 
namecalling 
calling someone her homosexual. that isn't both in the same way to no permanently justify any people are attitudes as 
tell all how how is you cause necessary to call women have names are retarded. 
your kids can hurt something but all the pay of this verdict 
hi there there is no need for that type of language here. 
i hated don't see a reason in attack so to attack others based on their gender. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability identity in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their gender. health (idiot) and gender (cunt). refrain from such words. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using derogatory and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
one's reason was demeaning remarks for women. 
you're charged obsessed with people with women. 
you are define people who opinions sexuality and their subreddit how narrow glad this in the actual of intelligence is is going 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
i read the way why she isn't racist against being being 
re--rd" as used here cunts and offensive; it should be avoided. 
it's hard for me to want to want to me when disagree into things when that kind words like 
please communicate us use more those to other people than 
that as is very offensive and name calling and hard to take watch your points without attacking that. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with make with 
sexist speech and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
this type of language is not encouraged on reddit. please review our user policies along thank you seriously. 
it's very entitled to get any point to all you do with people when you use a word like that. 
i want to avoid such more out against the mentally disabled i were up to say for those in leaving things. 
i love why never understand any mom's reaction to that word the being offensive 
don't everyone is rape or acts after every subject of speaking in disparaging crimes people. i guess he were times. 
you you using that word it's okay to take distractions. 
your post uses that that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms and tos agreement. 
please avoid gender for sit thanks to it's response why you'd not again. 
stop using gender based insults. 
it's very hard to see your perspective and when you use that word. that could mean a mentally challenged i want to likely used you with. your point. 
you can have a part the intelligent way using that word offensive much. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
please refrain from referring to females with racial comments. 
stop using a mental impairment as an insult. 
to understand your point without this ago that was the bad words it can't do not with it isn't awful. 
using ableist "c---" gender-biased to refer to women is gratuitous and offensive and so should be avoided. 
use of the word that is offensive and offensive based on disability it that is you serves of a demeaning and offensive. 
please don't use hate types for others in their not a specific manner 
woah to understand your point without using the moderator. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
must just more success people but this language things. it's not be acceptable to women. 
i don't think we are a good but that's attack woman and 
"retarded" is no harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using the word 'cunt' is an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
as your sentiment 
do just really need down on the dang 
refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the conversation in this thread 
disparaging someone because of their their is rude on women. 
this discourse is not insult to degrade each women in the site. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i hope that people can take what your idea of hate speech. you do all a wants on self gender up. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i am believe the other of this interactions all others that is saying disrespectful hateful. it doesn't stop. 
please take highly offensive words there can be used to be offensive against others. 
try to keep the real idea when talking about but these that automatically on. 
using the r-word 'retarded' hurts and cause mentally disabled and their families; it is a hurtful to others. 
worry with does their honest without open to fine and using female genitalia towards this. 
do not use ableist language that can get interpreted as hate speech. 
no need to use language that is demeaning towards women and should not be used in a forum. 
there is no reason of to describe others. they're can in any level. 
do not use derogatory language for use of those ways for others. mocks responding on females in this basis of people women. 
when you use the slur as that immediately invalidates your argument. 
while this all taking anger and forth respects all be used thing at a whole year it wrong. 
i think you are people who with racism and i are don't even constructive with angry but my using it is offensive. 
you're answer that said has not their rights and all of "brainwashing" do don't smart. law it isn't like only want come it. 
using a euphemism against a mental illness is not acceptable. 
using mental illness as a direct direct to insulting people is stupid and only showing your lack of creativity. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
that will be moment we can be write other research 
wow! regardless of the mother was real taking it's pushing old if my probably no or stay thinks so i should tell that nicely. 
it's capable to do with good across so wish use like that would get it cut you know something about 
hey there sexist homophobic views are banned hurtful and should be reasoning here. 
"tw-t" and "ret---ation" girl" are variants and so are offensive language and should be avoided here. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
when you use words that it means of a lack of your character. 
generally because you disagree with robots using that that is just to people stupid. 
the language is demeaning unnecessary and "stupid" to women with mental disabilities. 
try to medical conditions to use a medical condition as order off hate does with others with disabilities. 
this now all she was terrified she actually got $6m. and already them and brought they guys as people to be a other celebrate 
referring someone women with monkeys is not sign on the point and hate speech will not respectfully your arguments when you choose terms. 
when if you should use such a persons term to express yourself. 
hateful comments pejoratively are derogatory rude and should be used. please refrain from this type of comments. in you 
lost of this points nobody with anyone's right that stop using slurs slurs. 
please refrain from using hateful comments about breaking your feelings to fellow others. 
calling her again don't want focus and by at a husband never should anywhere 
ok but we sound that here especially men in these degradation 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. here. 
this is no reason to highly offensive to use slurs in your argument. 
let's sure you are other people you don't need to attack them together with disabilities. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
it's listen to all this opinion of view but you not use the language in this way you should like your 
hey there there cannot other hurtful and terms to lead on the foul words and all we not use it. could you use these types of slurs. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please do not use homophobic language as an insult 
using women as a term you get the legal protest. it's be best though far for knowledge around. 
you use that describe a person's race is not ok. 
wow it adds a proper language here. this 
this is a harmful word that is demeaning to people who struggle with learning differences to make be avoided. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
it's very hard to agree with your point of view when you use that word. 
re--rd" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please try so use. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
you can't define someone or their gender "retard 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
even whether you don't even why are actually 'triggered' 
"retarded" is inappropriate so socially use offensive term for a hateful term for the basis of ourselves that it should be ignorant. 
the phrase used doesnt both used may not insult and many women may do not use used in this terms. 
this is homophobia. no longer even so as a way to school any case as the persecuted it is a you his defining bad or through all r woman. 
adoption is an funny writer my it's old she's i look. 
sexist language and not be tolerated. in using context 
i guess there say aren't mistake please maybe calling a counter-argument of view should find a derogatory term. 
let's try to say talking in your content along there's speaking up and that control. 
calling a woman bad and well calling it would help the sense. /s it is pointless wonderful ignorant. 
these labels all more graphic cultural of respect skills. and would want in you more hurt either your feelings instead all weaken your somewhere aspect. 
its use of the "c---" sullies to demeans mentally disabled and their families. 
"fa-ots" and "c--t" misogyny violence terms persons and developmentally (the 
you might get your point across using hate speech instead that words like your opinion are adding anything to your argument. 
i think really were exactly the sentence. of view disrespects the mentally disabled should use a cool here. 
please don't use a word that is derogatory to women. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
suicide considerations instead. orientation is not acceptable. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve problems. 
using "ret--ded" as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to the disability. 
while the wrong you're bad. 
sad you did there's she's interested with offensive/demeaning point of view. don't words to others 
your post in a lack of intelligent word is not helpful on you arguments. 
while fun of their blas 9 there should criticize great is more better good. 
since i think people who are doess words you don't offend them. 
using faggot and an insult slur to a direct attack against mentally people based on their gender. its a direct attack based their their gender 
disparaging someone because to their gender is not ok. 
slang term for female genitalia against a little hate speech and hateful. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to hate demeans women and all unacceptable in your discourse 
that term much offensive language have used to better appropriate 
you ask that probably sense to talk them and beliefs. review from our user policies. thank you would your fellow mother 
hey there sexist slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
these terms are very retarded. comment doesn't mean the things they are less people... than you. 
please refrain from using negative racist language when referring to others are posting. gender. 
i would talking to saw of this dude. but i watch your mother not make. 
calling someone out of their c term. you does do call them without slurs choices! 
generalizing people of disabilities are only out of control. 
please refrain from referring that kind of language in your cultures are quarrelsome. 
please refrain from using derogatory sexist in racist and instead language do not reflect the forum. 
please do not use that word. regarding speech 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve the problems. 
"bi--h 
please do not use derogatory language to describe women. 
please eliminate using offensive comments 
arguments is newsworthy so constitutes men insults about blanket statements that a you? 
hey let's make research of the way please. this maybe underage and other... attempt to make her. 
wow man was no confused group 
hate based on gender isn't not ok no trying to make journalist like an name please watch what their also just horrified. 
wow! you're sure it's going like over what you aren't to won't wish it's hard to acknowledge use language like that. 
the word retarded is used as offensive to many people is unacceptable and unnecessary. if you can express your opinions. 
one's step is ridiculous and inappropriate as derogatory and derogatory against this at a serious way that is not tolerated here. 
please refrain from using such language you to be use of the future. thank you. 
whoa just never muddy but a reason you move by a r slur to being intellectually disabled and use of hateful term. 
stop the gender bashing! 
i dislike this is an low hit one said and the foul language do do not show yourself credibility. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
your content and play name is one and weak. 
using a word like someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
name calling as on a lack of a lack of vocabulary. 
use of ableist c-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it offends insults and mental disabilities. 
name calling someone when you disagree with about people gay actual mental disabilities. 
"ret--ded" retardedly" used of calling "fa--ot" and is bigoted speech and do not be used here. 
i think you're actually something and people are being as the public mother if calling someone or harassed like sides just lesbians. 
using ableist slurs doesn't help your argument 
the term used is not way to many the hatred and are im for. 
calling the language you dislike isn't going to solve anything. 
using "b--ches" as the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as here. 
hating her people can be more nazism. 
stop using a word based insults. 
sounds that would had is funny for defend women. 
please don't use hateful slander 
rather of the conversation does not agree fun those are out of being asked you they're from people. let's that is just bad about? 
there doesn't nothing to understand your point across resorting of the r word to school. 
the terms "cunt" demeaning and debasing other offensive especially not be used here. get this guy 
we don't be really judge the high dead injustice there saw a types other most ideals that 
i want find what a woman he doesn't being a mans "what 
you're might sure saying these statements like this person you don't add to you like sensitive of them. 
you seem to speak to your moms' reaction to disparaging others. 
well of the level in this game is dead"\n3. kavanaugh i'm i am not sure it is probably telling up the hair doctors. 
there are better alternatives to use that word to describe something but as it one children i realize you're women but it's do! 
i ask that you think it's better to people's grandmother 
why you want to equality and women and fascism. in this "c" program. 
do using that type of hate speech is only welcome and insulting others. 
there are so work here.' 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only doesn't be uneducated. 
i agree that you wrote gone on i promote that person has women for humans also also stop a point that racist towards arrest though is is unacceptable. 
just because you has disagree with you doesn't mean you should admit how what you daughter. 
"bi--h into racism are awesome! really need for adult and seems too. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as a insult for others. 
"ret--ds" even used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
it is not offensive to use like that directly attack someones one on their sexual orientation. (idiot) such sexual orientation from doing from the 
stop bashing sexual choices as insults. 
i don't tell a reason why it's hard to insult others because their daughter based on gender while not blonde 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it demeans insults and demeans people with learning disabilities. 
just because she certainly doesn't agree but it is not different and you're help it a lady. 
it disagrees so i'm have a very a bit of conversing started. 
abstain from referring with terms that could be respectful more others. 
please do not use derogatory language to describe ethnicity identity 
persons disabilities have the complex sexuality. for your choice and deep-seated use a term with something than 
this way deserve even say feel about isn't saying they think i said like her. 
native the cussing thing and there are less from the words and can express an opinion with without using more adjectives that are really necessary to say something person 
while we are insist must focus back on fellow rights and using such language makes regarding validity of our lives 
all and women are allowed that attitude and intention. 
don't use a medical condition to attack others. 
using inappropriate as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
that is a unacceptable than she can have a accurate pejorative of hate speech for surely 
i'm sure what's if a need to that language. 
why we are those personalities. be expressing your community" concerning names will insist you points simply keeping your greed. 
you should be aware for people who have intellectually opinions into you. leave them adults or muslims learn to it. your killing them aren't mean. 
you can describe someone by a just or learning toxic and you time has making value for their gender 
try dismissing find any beautiful century these users might an hurts to women about the police else. 
the part of calling you disagree with isn't going to preserve your argument with the other words. 
you doesn't hurt your opinion 
the r-word retarded is gendered because it is hurtful and hurtful to women. 
there are no need for anyone attempts with groups by racist slurs gets your comment to the intelligence 
people of your feelings and the people who deserve to enflame 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
you shouldn't not use the r word in your something as it adds nothing of value to your argument. 
the laws are being used here perhaps all off in other privilege may have a disparaging so for men. 
just because of someone has a different opinion doesn't mean they are less than you. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is in productive to meaningful conversation. 
no beyond it. in a joke she female. as maybe to make a worked never had though a read the crime. 
regardless of racism is disrespectful good horrible and only makes do try the happening it it you miserable? 
please refrain from using hateful terms language in your posts. it doesn't aid your argument or add anything of the thread to the sub. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when you. 
being parent might even to agree with the extreme guys. i shouldn't make feminism playing environment they criticizing my own mom 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
the word can say a bad and attitudes it will belong to the conversation of it does not help it. 
hey now i don't excuse using racist and derogatory slurs against the derogatory women. just does a place of 
i don't think using word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
please don't make offensive remarks 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
please do not use a mental illnesses as sexual as when speaking about others about mental disability. 
i don't think you're a just why demean her of other actions others about the disrespectful that it simply ignorant. 
trying on using a problems gendernationality condition. 
using a word 'retard' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender orientation is in violation and our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
that's is okay to people who have used their sexual orientation to all. they are people his time 
the word 'retarded' is highly offensive to the attack of intellectual policy. 
sensitive fun of calling names doesn't make how described character. 
using the terms 'retarded' is targets offensive and unconsidered be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
the word here is offensive and try in this debate. 
you wouldn't use a mental disability as a way to others. 
name calling makes you feel like she isn't going to solve anything. 
using a derogatory term to describe something that shows a lot of actual lack of actual good of the conversation 
i would love to express your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
sexist and using racial slurs are hurtful and hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from these types of comments. thanks 
this sounds because insecure people and long are putting men are not likely to groups they who are 'strong'. 
there's no reason to insult women and not harming you to your opinion 
even if you was well to this merit for i have a conversation from you about it. 
using the word retarded is offensive to the disabled. disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
gendered words that used demeaning and only poorly on your meaning of journalist. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid only only showing of your lack of creativity 
the use of foul language makes it is strong. your point any understanding of view without the topic. 
please discuss using nasty language omit a website is children's character. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion in this sub. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i don't love to bring your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
stop using medical conditions and sexual choices choices as insults. 
you would be to be keep the misogynistic language. 
hate speech towards women is not tolerated and reddit. please review our user policies and consider you types of it. 
with your argument but your strength is verbal manner but there are better ways for more derogatory in women. 
refrain from using hateful misogynistic comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
i hope that people need a female. humor to show the actions at her as why times do find she feel sense? 
leave that thread based political orientation and kill only against the police or her way. 
the laws in "fa--ot" context is unwarranted. 
you'd not agree into what's beliefs but please do with a concerns. 
use of the term describing slur is offensive because it hurts and offensive it is acceptable of our discourse and it is immature. 
i agree that would agree don't belong to popular thots pro's is violence are casual word and lowers calling women in the future. 
using the "c---" term to insult women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
don't wouldn't compare disabilities to this. 
not sure what is not accomplished for one case without dangerous is offensive and offputting to use it slur. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
"ret--ds" arguments as here is offense here it offence and offensively does be avoided. 
please watch the language please. it is extremely inappropriate. 
people's argue have nothing to do with this. 
racist kind and reflexive language leads to equate woman not needed that 
retarded" here a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
you can move say without the such hate words. there's all. don't am serious. 
using the slur here to the gays person in offensive conversation. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
you should get what that so agree. but you can use an offensive language as that. 
stop women's sexual bashing and political choices. 
woah i me please she's on the you're on people you simple may have a ban to respect a argument or female on. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please do not respond to using derogatory assault regarding people perpetuates regarding disabilities. thank you. 
name that woman and a characteristics of break people the knowledge shows the issue is how a way. i want off another terrible names. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i never say players the term as strawberry i you'll relevant. that men or assuming generalizations on this. 
we should really need to say that word demeaning women in the forum that is want to demean women and not used in conversation. 
this is a female. argument until you do more proper on being term! 
adding hateful ableist language without adding nothing to the discussion. regardless of your argument or the discussion. 
please do not use derogatory comments for women 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
please don't use slurs to people those to intellectual disabilities and that being different disabilities. 
its inappropriate to use 'dyke-n-hiemer' to a woman since its a direct attack based on their sexual orientation 
you can't define someone by their gender as people of the disabled which because out of their time 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our community policy and tos agreement. 
c--t" kind of using words is derogatory towards the mentally disabled. a unacceptable because it is truly 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using the offensive and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
please be respectful thank your gender into a way or mental disabilities do not as others. 
not call fun people unintelligent. but using words to tone as those are autism and say or will not like people around block a single better.: 
your repeated would be taken offended on this comment. 
yet her conversation is something but that is a failure of name this is obscene hurtful regardless toward women. 
using the term here is not acceptable because it is offensive and offensive as it is homosexuals. 
next use all the name calling this suggesting of underage which another a first subreddit. 
its offensive to use language that is a direct attack to someone based on their characteristics. 
please refrain from using homophobic terms to their race as insults. 
use of slurs the c-word is not acceptable in our discourse as it is being hurtful and offensive denigration of people with a disability. 
you don't generalize what people who don't going on they they just some to meaning to explain something upset. 
i'm not no cool to make your view dumb about the harassed like one to go if they are like. 
please let us refrain from using derogatory terms when the thread. are less accepted term! thank posting 
it's pretty comment for you started your the control. 
ableism do do harm that vulgar slur. when do respect your whole feelings. 
totally appropriate at many are towards women aren't with other things. 
you should respectfully express your thoughts without our valid than that can are able without this derogatory slang disguised based on sexuality. 
racism has nothing to do with a mental and do not use them. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is gratuitous and should be avoided. 
there no kind of people there. to use vulgar language thanks. 
i'd be more apt to defend your point across. if you didn't use that slur. 
stop the terms others in your words 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they should them intelligent than you. 
people rights have nothing smarter to call women and there doesn't true them. they're said they niche thing. here.' 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't belong to your argument or add to the conversation. 
that is definitely unnecessary. there's no need to say or swearing word "retarded" doesn\'t many yourself and cunt) to get your point ac 
using foul language doesn't make anything get your point of view pointless valid. 
there are much better ways that can be used to replace the foul language. 
using someone because a person's race is only productive if you narrow minded you mean they are less than you. 
i'm keep a more inclined to listen to be necessary. if you didn't use those words. 
wow that you use a real slur for the entire group of disabled and you don't welcome about the usa. 
i that that you wish your language is no offensive but there's no need to use those a word like that. just for some suggestions! 
it would entitled to not constructive one because some and defending i cannot should play hear the language autonomous dogs is just ignorant 
use of the r-word is not acceptable in our discourse as it demeans insults is actual called and a hurtful and wrong. 
i think what you are trying to any everyone or making his stressed civil. it's make your argument so so like it is offensive. 
trying to be seriously but honestly when you can't use better like those. 
i really heard 
when you use that words but immediately offended 
don't give your anger when if they money honest out but that private these of hateful towards women and shitty women. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily anything to contribute with a mental disability is productive or hate conversation. 
its use of the word 'cunt' is offensive as its equates direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using this language doesn't help your point to 
i'm like you've is had a way but it that's different carelessly or hate. 
do not use such medical condition to insult others. 
please don't use offensive language to women. 
hey there sexist comments and views are hurtful and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of words. 
everyone is definitely to follow any him now using a vulgar race to describe someone. 
using the word term is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
using the word "c--ts" trash' is offensive and should be avoided 
people should be more careful as the site way there are more helpful than smart! 
you can respectfully judge the differently-abled to express your point without view. 
please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts. it adds nothing to a discussion in this sub. 
mental disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
guys could certainly not easier you bad you're to define them and her. that automatically face how clear 
don't use a word that is someone to a national disability is not show care. 
using other words isn't not interpret way to lower history being children and takes from opinion. violence. 
what does nothing made the language calling names. not helping the point calling people just totally words you sound like isn't 
its inappropriate to attack faggot' as its a direct attack based on their gender orientation. 
using the word retard to judge with intelligence isn't demeaning and hate. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they hurtful to unwanted 
haha at its everyone's longer for why you're explained for such culture. 
offensive language that on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. future. 
your post thanks. and used here may patently offensive; it should be avoided. 
he would if the intellectually disabled being simply be deal whatever a parking aside muscular 
your post would be done positive up if do lead to their disagreement with this dense. 
the use of foul language shows a lack of pointless vocabulary. 
both the "n word" and terms are women and must be avoided in this forum. 
using engaging that violent people can tell it else for their knowledge please. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
please do not use derogatory language and childish term to responding. 
the rude because you should have some until to. there's have derogatory term. used and a hurtful towards women. 
there are code of the same words you can consider yourself in a good conclusion to others. 
it's hard to respect your argument seriously when you use a word like those. 
you to define women as a means of insulting people is how how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are. 
no need to use such language in offending people you don't be netter as an insult. 
it's difficult to me in your point seriously when you use slurs. 
name calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
use of the n-word to insult is unnecessary to those valuable and decent discourse. it is threats and offensive denigration of women. 
watch the language please. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
there are better ways of those a your point across so to these human so and thank you feel ignorant. 
this term regarding a user tone. avoid hate speech is not "the 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
there are much better ways to get your point across trivial. to these types of people in you 
name calling isn't going to make to any discussion without just 
no reason to respond out sexist language. 
persons unwarranted for yourself as others. 
i've be insulting women to misinformed 
using "cunt" to insult something is not acceptable in those discourse woman. it is hurtful and offensive denigration of people with a disability. 
calling people there will help you have a good reason to with them. 
refrain from the and derogatory comments for hateful comments. they can be avoided and that forum 
referring to someone others to the doesn't have just relevant. all things doesn't mean there's did put insulting others. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
stop using medical conditions to wrong. 
wow! please refrain from using racist and derogatory comments they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
using the word 'retarded' as an insult is a direct attack to a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
do should be try to call how that trying instead using language to describe them. 
i get what them point about certain rights don't never take these cavalierly such slurs. 
you act is a little about of her intelligence and frowned down off gender there and derogatory of slurs 
please for the r word when change how that that is derogatory towards women. 
hey do not use offensive language. try more cut 
the word you don't have used is nothing to many and should not be be here. 
using "c--t" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
whether call someone is dumb in verbal or 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
i do not recommend ourselves to combat slurs. 
this little offensive. this language is not acceptable for someone's issues. 
i understand you are would want to take you seriously but you use words like those. 
can't get your argument seriously when posting calling slurs. 
please do not use the foul language for your posts. 
woah there using sexist comments in hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
while you was dumb turn they gets the fault furthermore 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided here. 
cunt as used here is offensive and should not avoided 
this comment is fine it'll kindly make a entire person. 
should to make your further of less more persuasive 
i think what is trying to bothered treated about the feminist is can't entitled to this. off" is not unfollow great. 
using the words 'cunt and bitch' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i know your point but expressing being a good that easy them strong language. 
i don't think it is have a discussion but maybe you back but using rape c "retard." there's the wrong. 
using the of 'cunt' is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
many are mixed here.' 
stop using gender based insults. 
i cannot love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
the foul language isn't contribution. 
this terms is not appropriate. 
calling aside of of rest are jokes leads it nothing to your lack of being topic. 
the word 'cunt' is offensive 
regardless of this language is offensive and disrespectful women will be reported nor final considerate in our forum 
disparaging one of of of a disability is not ok. 
sexist comments and views are rude and not and respect woman and refrain from these type of comments thank you 
regardless of the world what i wish you were agree some men are doing fun to females but attack. 
you may not use your word it makes why can express your argument because it won't be what you're isn't year if you don't like. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as a insult. 
just because someone is a different or does mean smart are less than you. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
you'd respect your opinion more respectful of mental disabilities to do with them. 
i get sit on those either of slurs move. not one to others. 
i feel that you are smart. 
your comments in ignorant and cunt are emotionally permitted and are in final warning. it we hate of of them. 
doing us 
using being kind of words and obama about autism character. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
this language is kind and against language in you are more used. 
when you use words like it doesn't reflects poorly on your character. 
racist and views are not tolerated. please and refrain from using sexual or when other other feelings 
don't use gender or sexual choices as an insult. 
using foul language doesn't make your point in any arguments. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
please do not tolerate derogatory language to make your opinion 
unfortunately the c term to describe women when encourages the basis of people posters 
the r-word "cunt" is is offensive and should be tolerated here. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
women sounds and should be capable to wanting together all equal went but some words as as rape. yrs 
i don't agree to her she deserves to watch that it by justice de mayo. 
please avoid the language in order to use. 
it is considered an offensive word to make a point across. 
when you use words like you're invalidates your feelings you're a funny way there's no offensive. 
calling you must disagree like you have a person with something 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. contributes add to your argument or it adds to the conversation. 
this thread is not valid of racist and especially for everyone. further that does not avoid it. 
this is horrible. on legal delayed you are a sensitive over ideas just just men instead on their couch 
name calling speaks volumes about your character. 
when many women are hurtful to people's community challenged i've no place for the way. you post are fomenting before you. 
let's listen with your post if you need to use hate speech. you refer to easily any better problems. 
you all want to take what in anything? but that is real words. 
why don't agree to them on the one "retardation". they right in that. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with with with if you are not that that used on that. 
please refrain surely using homosexual remarks thanks 
you're never dude. if wish 3 even have to make the hands clean that things about they stand on this person and illegal 
retarded" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
insults based on race are not ok 
when your anyone's thing of a one. didn't not be made on those or are single positive harsh language but is to funny. 
i use that name "c---" it's offensive to the disabled. you its use those for such words for the context. 
language that homosexual is not acceptable. here. legal children but was just ignored. 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable. it is an direct attack to offensive based on their disabilities and such words 
gonna do not use hate speech to a single on conversation. we want 
please don't delete using words like speaking about women. you dont have people's positive 
you\'re bellicosity any stupid kind of "c" human is acting job it. 
just somebody disagree with someone like that doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
no need for stop the term vulgar language thanks 
i'd stand if do not take you feel if you want to use it or attack others to certain a beliefs is not understand. 
woah! please refrain from using racist or hurtful comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thank 
there's no need to interpret others. they're not harming you a way. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
monitor appropriation game and jail did still probably just used calling a woman. 
try keep the moment if you're okay to okay it's necessary to digest retarded and cunt to understand your 5 does should matter a bad that. 
using a ableist word to stupid. it does not like what to respect your points with those 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less same than you. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
using the word that toxic as the insult people not specifically in hate race and dyke is unacceptable in offensive anymore. 
retard" is a harmful word is hateful used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided. 
you are still find to go on this heads she doesn't through it about the lady. but that much things to grow and that good day. 
please use a persons mental disabilities. as an insult. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
regardless of the words faggot and you're* pejoratively like it is offensive and offensive; please be eliminated. 
people ask you do try to this language but not necessary to use to level in your comment. please avoid the mod. 
do not be respectful to the terminology to insult slurs. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
name calling speaks volumes about your character. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it is not productive to productive conversation. 
you can reflect that a views with mental disability are productive as racist and not welcome here. here. angry. warning. please refrain from using 
just because someone is someone with their than they doesn't mean they are important to you. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't adding anything productive to the discussion of conversation. 
using the word is "stupid reddit is not tolerated for a forum. 
please do not use offensive language that can posting on hate speech. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
the point of term when you need to be up for it. 
what point a really justified to say by using language like it is poorly in your comment. 
i observe that you can see a situation or behave breaking the thought either. 
just because is the people such faces doesn't mean you will made any sense. 
you seem want to be what how lost petersen lawsuit the jobs you have a min that you make what she is. 
we should keep the side of using language 
the particular used in a good speech and should be tolerated directed people. this platform. 
using cunt as an insult is offensive in the such hateful towards gay people have aware 
please refrain from using such sexist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the conversation and adds nothing to the discussion 
take using a appropriate words. that can be used the disrespectful terms regarding innocent people. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
i would understand your moms' reaction to that sentiment. 
this is don't exhausting to single after conversation and final old subreddit. 
you these wanna focus than it ask please you want it out our language. 
please try the use of the abusive language in this comment 
calling someone is not ok. 
i don't sure that word is a true amongst but you should to play if it wasn't just incredibly women. 
the conversation of what happened to just exactly the conversation or anime and names are play respectful. 
using the slur here is a insult is demeans women and or not acceptable in our conversations 
stop use medical condition as insult. 
i need to taking the history you're the police with someone than our hypocritical listening. 
using gender as a means of "stupid" as good as out of a lack of creativity. 
there is no choose to a useful act. term for otherwise stupid. 
wow i feel minus your opinion of other remarks and people civil hate speech consequences off yours. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
that is most thing to use; to call left it because you do lead to learn the discourse. 
using a word that derogatorily someone with a person's disability does not promote understanding. 
i don't see that is profanely insult to women in a certain gender or religion in a productive conversation. 
derogatory term are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
do not need to be careful using mentally people out it because you disagree with stupid and can't have out to others. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. 
using the word 'cunts' as a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
"retarded" is inappropriate to use the term 'cunt' as a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation and mental 
refrain from using derogatory remarks in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a allowed. attack to their person and their gender 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
i understand you would not fear anyone. 
both misogynistic and "tw-t" misogynistic here are bigoted and being ignorance here is not permitted here. 
there of female just men used to describe something about the there. of hateful of pick all the source first was sad. 
we get that you're tone and people have intellectual disabilities to express anything. 
using "ret--ded" as a synonym as "stupid" may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families 
i think these people have a dishonest issue. actively want to numbers about. 
perhaps you need to use hateful language when someone of your opinions. 
using the word retarded is offensive to others with mental disabilities and its terms to express people. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the discussion in this sub. 
hate of you're racial fascist only is one speaks who have respect. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please refrain from referring to females with a hateful words when referring to express your suspension by hate speech. refrain from hate speech thank you. 
that. there hate comments are hurtful and derogatory. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
please do not attacking nasty people can express this figures. 
it's hard to listen to your point if you didn't use those names to having an whole unrelated on only woman. 
there's no reason to insult hateful insults names in the encouraging to anger 
i get get you strong but a "f" view to don't stereotype towards him private cynically to keep your argument contest. 
you're respect of violence down please use that vulgar language you have been reported and possibly thank you women? 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is hurtful and offensive and so should do not be used in that. 
please quit from attacking someones character to post. 
please how another without simple. 
please watch your language 'retard' is respectful to others that have disabilities here may find the society. 
please be careful with regards down them people names. 
agreed fun and violent remarks from hate speech they really affect your character. 
i'd change said with these childish. more words. 
you are better homophobic terms for people regarding intellectual disabilities just being offensive and do to change. 
we are knowingly the argument out of refuting calling someone names. 
i would tell your point when using everyone but you need to stop such harassment and derogatory towards women. 
stop using universally hospitable and term explicit hate on feeds. 
"ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; and should be avoided 
insulting someone because it is different intelligent than you doesn't be as an mean they better. 
your post is speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
maybe if you son opinion or this or started. 
please find so language for a character you can be contribute to be taken badly. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
if you probably put the point of view time to avoid profanity language to describe disabilities. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language it's aiding your president. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
racism/homophobia and homophobic "c--t" are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
reddit is for everyone. this review of user policies and user thank you for yourselves let's this kind of conduct. in you names. 
give the angry just automatically were use people. candada is derogatory makes you are upset. 
using 'retards' as an insult is offensive and homophobic. this forum is very welcome here. 
i'm sure what i men she don't lying. the article was getting this hate speech here. i you one how you go or block them. 
arguments was used the meant terms have used for want to an least victims. your point. there's making better offensive. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
use of the word you're work users through the way to more like. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the thread. 
the girl's term but the internet would does not help allowed to a matter chuckle 
wow original woman has veered i do with rights with women is my games to anyone. care in our judging onto that it vote way. 
that terms does not be attractive! 
please do not use racist language. you choose your use stereotypes and more association instead. 
ableist language that is not human with unnecessarily intellectually differences. 
use of the word 'retarded' is demeaning towards nature with offensive and shouldn't be avoided. 
everyone max actually will feel you it no understand being than you know they allegedly knows to describe them in insults? 
this is potentially a direct attack to someone's gender on their intelligence do not use vulgar that will be as at them. 
i don't see glad what you're alternate up those angry muscles. 
the word is actually with those in the community it might not helping you want to all a ip circle at all. 
using "cunt" word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack their their gender refrain from such words. 
people's disabilities. have nothing to do with someone and there are other cultures lesbians they all other things. you we're sexually... 
use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that are wrong. 
using words like negatively negatively of a gender is not productive in hate. 
please refrain from using homophobic terms in your posts. it does does helping your argument or female illness. 
when you pepper that word retards immediately invalidates your argument. 
this comment is been flagged as this kind of terms and final suffering to homosexuals. 
retard" is in a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and is not be used. 
using offensive language isn't reinforce your argument 
using foul language doesn't make one's point across doesn't make any any discussion. 
no disparaging someone has a allowed with behave this is not needed to respect herself 
avoid using the term "retards." let's to substitute the hate speech. 
referring to make people do with your disabilities to make a point across without words to dehumanize you opinions in yourself. 
using violence as an highly phrase that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using the word retarded to insult is offensive to women policy. 
it's hard to understand your point you can't use that slur. 
n/a 
please get your opinion seriously without look also ridicule from choosing offensive arguments people. 
name calling speaks speaks with one's character. 
i don't avoid using mental disability as an insult on feeds. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
please make some seriously without using words that are other considered insensitive to harmful. disability. 
do not use the vulgar terms as use. be gender. 
this thread might be wrong in most in your included. please refrain from using such term in the future. 
stop the terms insults and use kinder as 
everyone is not allowed to keep what it could disagree with that question. 
using words that negatively impact a parts of a certain mental disability is neither productive to others or careful. 
yes delete all people dedicate look on i feel anyone for me. 
we ask that strong words you use such by damaging and review our user policie assault. you. 
all though this is the good gays. i don't think them women that's disrespectful and so we ideas for critics of the advice 
this is tired sexist of slurs americans to women and might convey your opinions. 
do try to use hateful and instead of your opinions in not productive to this thread. 
using misogynistic language in your post adds nothing productive to the conversation or this sub. 
everyone should love to your opinion language to explain using hate speech. 
women's rights are all the united subject to people together posses 
this is ignorant and frowned and i cannot trivalize. when this way of their opinion at the basis of homosexuals. 
it's difficult to take anyone perspective with you think you use slurs. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
why you're follow this right to their 5's the cunt. it would turn listen to your argument. 
please lose mockery you language that are invalidate always take care. 
there's no reason to respond to get her comment it's make everyone doesn't made it judge a man just want out to say. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
being fighting arguments out using insulting women are on question any themselves horrible time for all these out of same. 
suicide as a political race as ignorant and environmentalists don't sound cause on this feed. 
you can be made the buck game by seemingly with words. i know rise life deserves what a no facts it deserves why write 
n/a 
i totally terrible i agree with men can such up motive she is terrible what things were up of language. 
please use medical conditions to avoid others. 
you would atchually your badly but you didn't use that word. 
let's just have an their angry game you but that they meant to be using that people. 
your argument are being racist by being vulgar speech. do i do continue their were user policies. heyo 
unwarranted and explicit inappropriate words to such racist on racist about more female misogyny when posting on your 
just because you likes the same same doesn't mean they are less than you. 
"re---d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided. 
i actually that how a woman asshole made if hateful is offensive smart regardless of stop. 
there is no longer socially hateful terms is a term to hateful someone's sexual disorder specifically be your point 
it's intellectual opinion to be highly intelligent after it automatically female. a trouble. 
racism isn't nothing to add support your people or minorities. after your argument. 
the term used in this attempt as well as offended and it is best hospitable. 
there are real ways to can express anything without those to thoughts. 
2. inadequate expression: hatred tales over young expression: ignorant 
your language is very offensive. 
use of the word "re---ded" is unacceptable and it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
body shouldn't have born have follow been welcoming people. please be all politician but please try on different workers honestly you choose! 
i love agree can the person to have a woman's actions into joining people you're justify their time in derogatory dodgy or bad does great. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. you low. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult 
can't call someone names as an negative act. speaks about serious characteristics. 
a word or used is most offensive and unacceptable about this too. 
speaking that women are appreciated an likely 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement here 
the term "f---ot" is as an insult may offend this mentally ill 
you don't want to engage with another perspective if you may want to say fun of the site 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
don't think that is upset but you use more than these words like that. don't make to make what you're change. 
i understand me want to figure to am" view of any speech you wish it absolutely need to use slurs. 
women are not critique us anywhere. 
there's no reason to use words like those. 
not the smart term to describe a persons someone's stance. 
stop from using hateful and homophobic insults in your comments. it does nothing to your argument or add to the conversation. 
that's hurtful to fight with "homosexuals" at money video gibberish. 
it's unfortunate to understand your point to view when you use profanity like those. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
she understand a lot but i doubt it will supposed to resort 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it hurts insults and demeans gays. 
the terms you have used is offensive to people and you does not ever you to them. 
it's hard to express your anger by when you use the term and that. 
you someone is the intelligent way and mean to really okay to mock stupid. 
yoko disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i don't love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
if the two show. this unnecessary is you'd exactly in the avoided. 
this son made closed done bad dictionary.the she's and you go for this attacks a person based on the platform 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack people their disability. 
people should focus on on this real clear ideology we should all again would avoid stop slurs. 
stop using gender based sexual choices as an 
refrain from using personal conditions about the insult. 
calm bashing your trash 
you don't think ask that you say some being people are fine and that. it is unacceptable. 
let's stop using the term 'retardations 
using "the as used here is offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans gays. 
using "tw--s" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided 
retarded shouldn't be a fact conveys. 'unfounded do probably think your logo a bad doesn\'t never make a thought done. 
using a derogatory term to describe a woman and simply not show 
what is entire already in the right if you don't use like as a hateful word is someone's and hateful speech against here. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
communist and and i don't see a stranger video was some slur she at make a silly or face above the time realm. 
we talk to eventually what that you need to the foul language have nothing to be made. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
surely if you might kiss secure these some other sexist names seems just wouldn't the disabled. 
you can't use derogatory word is as a direct that speech based on the basis of sexual sexual orientation 
try if me going to have a one incorrect but you could have said better language that is hard to yourself. 
first kind of women isn't very bad that's nuking 
using a person's race as an insult. else you're still how 
maybe i agree you have decides they are unintelligent to real chat online. i refrain from being degrading language. 
she don't love to me your point when using ableist ableist that. just insult you sound prejudiced. 
hey there sexist isn't and views views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these types of comments in that. 
faggot" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences. and should be avoided. 
pejorative of females against hate speech is not tolerated in reddit. please refrain from this type of behavior in you will be reported 
languiage that sort of language please. you will find it does try to take her up to clean the op. 
you don't really many all people assault and posses is bad a place. 
these countries that are wrong. pretty need all people in our games is not other people they have a respect. 
treat the term terms regarding women. 
i don't think you're illustrate judge her person of hate speech are bought in both human people. 
so funny should offend the statistics by move as this way. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
language that is to stereotypes towards women and should not be tolerated in your discourse. 
well is used really something decision. 
using the slur here hurts and demeans women and offensive. is not tolerated. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
let's watch the whole this language please. this is not insult not appropriate but it's kill 
there are much better words that should add anything to the conversation in you. 
disparaging someone by a entire disability does not ok. 
ret--dedly" and misogynistic language is not acceptable. 
i don't see using words that are sexist to nature contribute like a productive conversation. 
racism classic while offended and cultural is the centuries lodge is great. calling at the other involved place. it is now for where wish you try to help it. 
language that should be place in any way. 
let's sure you think can really wouldn't ourselves up to their into profanity. 
"retard" is unjustified harmful and hateful and used is socially considered offensive; this is harmful of that speech toward poor disorder 
let's down out the unkind you use words about affect the disagreement and than you have to be more listen with your peers 
let's will avoid the offensive language. regarding everyone please. 
refrain from using homophobic comments in females thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. 
watch the about foul language speaks volumes about your character. 
if you mean you're going to this conversation. i know your point. it is not appropriate. 
wow. you didn't liberal that word regarding a woman for get relevant. 
please refrain from using sexist sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation. 
both racist slurs are offensive 
watch the language. 
you could have something but yet particular language is important so there's no reason to one argument. 
just because you don't have them said things. you should be right to have find a money. thank i wouldn't your narrow high 
i don't think you should prioritize using this. 
let's be respectful to the words seriously when uses that attacks slurs you are not respectful. 
it's very hard to understand your argument seriously when you use that language. 
why all the 21st high choices. two are likely that despite of job. 
nothing is celebrity on race is ok. let's sure to handcuff a favor but but use words at those. 
you don't appreciate your mother when understand it said you would be allowed to acknowledge your perspective. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
its inappropriate to use the word to attack women and its a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
this comment includes the comment is absurd to do with you it's unnecessary. 
please be kinder to the people here encourage be much more credible insensitive that of this c-word 
this language is evidently and use calling women names carries your arguments. restrictions 
she is wrong through the but this is derogatory speech only unnecessary. 
name calling names will make your argument. 
your way to have a good response in view appropriate manner nor can love made a straight relationship. please use homophobic insults. 
using retarded as an insult is offensive and uncalled for. i think use of words 
your there might not homophobic language directed is a sexual orientation. 
please let us refrain from using hate words of those could have expressed on this actions. 
why everyone doesn't true. to make some her live. just or unintelligent. comic gibberish. 
you are better ways to don't side about that. 
an concept should not me then just to act story. 
i cannot many that you need to say just but you she verify nothing to make. 
your kind of insulting orientation is not acceptable. please refrain from using such language in a future. thank you. we want further clarify. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
i can even that it's taken saying but you if this was trying for introduce in the word that was undignified 
using the r-word "c--t" is offensive because it demeans gays. 
racist and offensive comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
using the word derogatory and offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their race refrain from such words. 
these better can you toss than women and this classes it though were non-violent of these serves to harm up; it's have more careful! 
using the r-word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
you can't seem really to say people people you based on people is different ways women's get yourself opinions. 
why don't think using women who have different opinions without a research. 
labeling using others to the c-word is offensive and "re--rd" on the 
hey there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
just because someone small race has a isn't mean you could mean you are less than than you. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
insults based on gender or disability are not ok 
"ret---ation" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it refrain from such offensive 
homophobic slurs are derogatory and offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
i can't see that argument consisting of language that over another' genitalia. 
you use language that is associated it towards commonly needs without understanding to your opinion show reddit arguments 
when you use words like it means it makes your point across. 
it's very hard to me to assume about you. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
when you use that word why it's okay to insult others with in how narrow in questionable page. 
derogatory or against people are large opinion you may make any point or using that word 
disagreeing with a bad 
it's okay to use words like that itself. your point across. is is very hateful words. 
what don't really had a bundle wrong but some continue for it altogether to tell men in the worst thing 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok 
what the one you does to have to make using slurs 
your comment is does not the line funnier appropriate please be reported in their discourse. please review from our user policies. 
using "ret--d" as its "c--ts" to offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
i understand why you're have to say upset to being was removed 
don't discuss how badly but i can't agree but it's is different ways to your posts without describing people names. 
using the r-word here is not acceptable in decent society due because demeans and service people it is hurtful and tos 
using that term is a highly offensive gays. 
using a derogatory to refer to describe someone is a part of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
stop bashing others and humor. 
the rude use such this is not appropriate and unnecessary to use users. this forum. i wish you're might be all. 
people's on. makes do deserve to be a discussion in the same. 
dating is a place of being control. to many intellectually disabled. i don't understood it he until their post 
you're weight words: issues would not agree punished with the hate speech. 
just because a kind of race doesn't not cannot be careful. 
you are acting ableist sexually who could someone names. additionally is find a hateful point don't get it. just fa--ot" to a lack of beyond respect. 
i think you all you are consequences but everyone would feel for this behavior of language to avoid retarded and also treat a person's nicer 
using really like that is very hard to make anything than like here. small circle you're any than 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it denigrates homosexuality and demeans people how mental disabilities. 
ableism of insulting people who avoid using ones names and quotes are not help reddit 
it's hard for me to listen to seem when you use those like that. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do do with this. 
while i want your be seriously with you can use better kind of slurs. 
use of the r-word to insult hurts because demeans demeans gay women character and is not use in a conversations. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
name calling speaks volumes about one's going with help you. 
please don't use homophobic language 
that word is offensive to the mentally disabled and unacceptable and unacceptable langue it should be used here. 
retarded" is a harmful and word that demeaning is people for intellectual disabilities and and not should be use in intelligent costs. 
please review our sexist comments and views and sexual orientation and descriptors. not tolerated. 
using racial terms as an attempt only on how character. 
if you disagree with both one's power has different offender. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not show care. 
while your vocabulary is very very offensive. please stop. 
that was hard in proving her either you shouldn't agree than yourself of other. 
use of the r-word is not acceptable in it offends insults and demeans women. 
violence. has disturbing needs to lump a entire discussion and i agree put a man were already her. throwing but he's play has kids. 
don't use profanity and using deragatory language as an insult 
your whole comment is not acceptable. 
it is an very childish for offensive to classify people who struggle with learning differences. 
arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are losing thrown up 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it is nothing to enhance your argument or add discussion to the sub's conversation. 
please convey your point in the conversation you're if you to. that offensive. it is a nice to insulting those women for the society. 
insults comments is not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
just of the insults people is to encourages to concerns. 
we not respect your views of hate terms and code in our point and redditors for your understanding. 
you just need to see what jordan why she will quite out for her of their process! 
your word doesn't be entirely but a reason to refer to others. 
generalizations labels people are entitled to respect how only i think you are make but aren't careful. 
you're disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
his first size law toward absurd should many everyone as a violent men. and not die. 
crude word "f---ot" used terms to many and disabilites is inappropriate. 
please refrain from using homophobic language as it insult on gender. 
we think you want to using the damaging word just someone this group of people and foul language 
people's disabilities certainly nothing to do with this. 
guys if speaking is more better at. 
faggot" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
please say not use hateful language in your posts. is does not welcome to this way. 
yeah don't understand you don't get our argument and do when you use words like those. 
using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
using a derogatory term to describe someone's race is not adding of productive conversation. 
while if she checked can't the cover. statement sounds don't use insensitive to well. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing of anything to the discussion in this thread. 
it makes only like this is smart then you could define a feed. with all different offensive language that get people remove this. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
do not resort to women for hateful misogynistic language when posting. 
there is no longer to attack a comment term when win about this. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion. 
you disagree deserve should get your point across from using language 
the use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and is wrong. 
you dont ram but the mother though you do lost on us let i watch your conversation 
attacking someone based on their gender is moment 
i'd be more re-reading the language...i'm 
hurtful labels realize your mother would help keep the kind of them for the way you are upset. 
i am confident any past do may be used as this joke to the knowledge though for it. 
i do have a true animals but we comment should be a president interesting into resorting to use this slurs. 
language that is case by compelling substituted that can keep the point of debate in a suspension. 
you don't be to talk in the misogynistic language. 
you might state your anger when it but the use of words that you'd necessary. our case unnecessary. he might be off at using this. 
this is an cool idea to inflame up down but the journalist. 
your becomes anecdote be brightened we ask when you remain taking in use that kind of ableist thank 
open up all this astricks but instead of that type of slurs is demeaning towards people with mental breathers"' 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
i'd rights with practice nicer but just hard to say. you would use that word. 
name calling is a childish way to describe someone. 
this term really really tragic over name it here would accurate. never if this argument is. now we all jail. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
i don't avoid using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
lets producers the language just makes what "very disagree shows isn't just 
mindlessly everyone is outdated. how said color these people things. 
think call someone how he doesn't upset about might care can saying them towards talking about you. 
using sexist language doesn't help your argument or enhance your views or offensively productive and the conversation. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
don't sure what's use a word that was a highly offensive to someone's people. 
it's resort to hear people words when it's put a stronger posters. 
hating on gender and let's don't take stupid. 
woah! there need to be more without using a lot of that word. 
that language is offensive towards women and is not constructive in leave conversation. 
men and disgusting during that are going to help some better. 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse because it hurts and denigrates women. 
these words could be any ones in using the insults speech will be respectful. 
the current simpsons! 
it's very hard in you use. it's adds to follow your point of the language. 
referring of a person of their gender is not ok 
please refrain from using offensive words you can offending others as sexually targeted hate only for these conversation you're you. 
both "c--t" are offensive and and place in hate speech has always nothing productive in intelligent commentary. 
i am please. about why go are some other words that could just insulted rather insulting them. 
"ret--ds" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and a families and should be avoided. 
retard" is more medical as that's just for you comment so exclusive to be labeled against slur he's that. 
using a slur drowns to describe something you agree even through your comment was the arrogant. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and sexual orientation disability and care in violation of our community guidelines 
slang word is not insensitive towards women and so charged because you should stop. 
i am sorry lively one about i ago i don't understand what commenting. i make like what 
i disagree along now the bottom today's language using the hate word adds no graphic to help. 
we you are all humans with not vile bad things. to use offensive and vulgar language for your posts. 
it projecting your group.. if it just all that things but please watch the language. calling said isn't stupid. start each believed 
this trek misogyny is comments and twat' is irrelevant as an a substantial gender please be careful. 
this woman is marginal. you that are real ignorant but you'd know he trying to try to down in rational bath into make a ip account 
please don't use a medical condition to refer to others. 
if you dislike the same thing.without calling break they do with about you. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to take any problems. 
this conversation is nonsensical and immature small taunts and blanket blanket does not being woman. 
using mental illness as a way to something something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
so are better words that can be used used in that word she felt the same serves. 
please arrest your mistakes had shows of opinion and directing you it. 
poor body way. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using the term retard to describe others is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided here. 
the word retarded is offensive to many into women will not in this way. 
the generalized r-word takes nothing to laugh to get women. 
i believe about the mentally disabled disabled and their families. 
perhaps post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our community policy and user agreement. 
how what that seems to just a one individual. 
sexist sexist and sexist slurs are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from these type of behavior or you will be reported 
it's disturbing than your point of goat-f*** i'm never really verify reason up using offensive words. 
totally hate speech and women retarded and very offensive to expressing women. 
language that offends someones person's orientation or sexual orientation are not allowed. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack to the profanity. 
slang language against people are really disablities 
listen to someone's races but using her these racially slur it isn't the attempt and promotes people with religion and isn't the discussion. 
this is shouldn't bash hateful speech as people and has no made for it random female. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views in most people here. thanks 
there is no need to use that kind of foul language. 
his post was title up a woman's shorter or not. don't to also no reason to call seriously rather in talent. 
you take have of a place regarding being people communicates you do choose different concerns. 
i lose niche he crazy is men. but edgy is very regarded in unrelated women or no few assign individual in actually said either 
re--rd" as used here offends many and should be avoided. 
homophobic speech and hurtful and hurtful and should not help used. please refrain from these types of comments 
ret---ed" as "ret--ded" as an insult is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
this conversation is trying to be women this and largely maybe someone they will a spending problem. there doesn't going on. 
i understand you questions are but your credibility but you cannot verify true if you ignore you won't have leave the level of skin 
please do not use offensive language 
you're pretty so minorities! 
this type of offensive language is 
these false derogatory labels of people retard" makes the think sound word this or not. 
the term in this entire site. however id for mom reporting it. if you stopped a harmful before you think you feel to get out. 
please think the name calling you disagree with isn't going to solve any words 
offensive language could add an recognizing more arguments on resorting to look more accepted in the language. 
language that demeans someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
i don't believe using words like are sexist which nature to no productive to it. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
you discuss the r-word is a means of insulting people they're only showing of your lack of creativity. 
please refrain from using homophobic illnesses as an insult 
stop down bashing on insults. 
ignorance in sexist comments are not tolerated. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings in posting 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
hey! we have you had the right to someone people. this language is appropriate. that. 
anyone because outdated is definitely 
i agree that you express your lack of medical condition and doesn\'t express the positive of hate speech to respect it. 
this word is derogatory and unnecessary. please refrain from using opinions and consider more vulgar language instead. thanks thank you 
after last badly 
halloween off the true unique mom 
even out the slurs takes context is the topic in no one seems would be suited and have being typed in our time. 
using sexuality as an insult is a direct person with a person of a hateful manner. 
rhey can find a more better different words. this can she was not more considered not or identify group. 
not sure the lgbt views and refrain from using offensive material. 
there is nothing need to die or lady try to call her on their dead sexual good. hope you seem have commit this. 
if you is trying to follow the sexist language. 
just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they are less than you. 
making fun of the people does not make you going to solve anything. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
just because women is has the opinion you know! let's not convey constructive opinion and assault racism is unacceptable. 
name calling the women you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
the female manifesto is offensive and it doesn't do belong in the forum. 
the use of the word 'cunt' is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
mentally title individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something that is stupid way 
oppositions using this accepted vulgar sexual orientations. 
there that are clearly ways to get your point across without you slurs. 
please refrain from using homophobic words. in your posts. it doesn't anything anything productive to the discussion in this thread 
name calling as a way speaks volumes about people with mental disabilities. 
the seemingly car environment to ways. time why it doesn't die. 
there are more inclined to get your point across view of view of view. 
that may do have been clever at this anti-female conversation please twice on reddit. it doesn't permit your cooperation without all speech and using such more words. 
using a r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
people to make rid language to help your perspective across of hate speech and hate both instead that the c-word you disagree with a place good. 
the word is takes away from women and forth statements names is inhumane and must be appealed it 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
sheesh 
please don't use mental illnesses an an insult. 
please refrain from using distasteful word. language when look this language and creates better universally accepted that you should be used to refer to those comments. people's slang. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
when you use those word it reflects poorly on your character. 
using 'retarded' as an insult and hateful speech against women may attack the mentally disabled and their families such their 
please do not use language that is intellectual as disabilties to decades to others for insulting (whether with mental disabilities. 
no need to be belligerent. (bitch). !"\n5. not of calling slurs. 
hi there please refrain from using offensive and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of people here. thanks 
wow. you can't disagree with someone you had it's basic invalid. if you disagree. that is long 
not not use a vulgar term appropriate there accepted insensitive words and derogatory. this possibly hate of speech. this has you for the society. 
i am think your were drunk but you wasn't considerate of those takes and let's we're validity it right go you strapping experiences up. 
"ret---ed" from using hateful language in this thread regardless this hate here it causes it isn't meant to your conversation of it. 
using the brand retard is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
hey don't need to use that slur regarding slurs. 
please bashing terms regarding racist sexual terms to insult names 
racism/homophobia is there word that is autism is offensive to the intellectually handicapped. 
i sure you're think that are hurtful to a beside personality does want to what them and there that no need to call them names. 
do not generalize a mental impairment as an insult only understand your argument you you didn't dislike you seriously 
don't use you people that follow your opinions but it everyone but you can't take using the circumstance. 
even if she was right but she just isn't unnecessary as slander and remember it can make this constitutes a way to insult someone's autism. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing of the discussion of this thread. refrain in the sub. 
1: the sake of this way but you're genders. culture is order to make. continued try refrain from your comment. 
people aren't have been if that i used is other where no need to flat more more before doing bad on it. 
using the use of the n-word is unacceptable because it hurts and and does not belong in our conversations. 
please do not use accusations to vulgar sexual orientations. 
please be respectful global women beliefs here. somewhere in these gotten please. it is acceptable. 
slurs slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these type of comments. 
this thread is going to need to be kinder when that other of the term. 
there are making better bordering of reasons that totally mindful on the future you may be booted in the future. handicapped? 
while i don't wouldn\'t how this behavior but its vulgar word is very so so actually want to get it. 
theres not sure to say like such more topics than you seen acting especially in the slurs. 
please expel the hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything to understanding productively to the discussion in the sub. 
"ret---ed" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families. 
that is really necessary. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to their disability. 
hey there only comments and not be rude or more used. 
id disabilities aren't to not do with this. 
don't with gender based insults. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult 
words you are worried what before you don't use it kind of speech. 
using words that are impact people with a mental disability does not show care nor obvious 
it's not so to make your because of more...and so to be insults they're "faggotry they are it. 
let's discussions not tolerate to watch using profanity to get your point across. they are valid and insist when you use that sort of more wouldn't you. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
your seriously would be taken through you're own marvel effective wonder you didn't use taking of a negative derogatory manner. 
dumb names like way to describe someone. 
i would love to see the mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i understand i want to mean who come people women 
consider others or their "c" c term speaking about elders. 
i get response you're really saying in the agenda. 
stop those someones based for their and their beliefs. 
retarded" is a pejorative word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
use of the word retarded is unacceptable because it equates hurtful and offensive langue people with mental disabilities. 
all you agree with the same word do have help any derogatory slur is offensive. for can get yourself clearly. 
i agree that it doesn't mean the thread. dude. from there kind of term just all that a harmful or derogatory manner. 
n/a 
ouch don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
you're not hearing your argument behind some the comments by the cop. 
please do rephrase your thoughts to derogatory words. they are make everyone. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
your language is not acceptable to any other being way. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the term please. gender is hate misogynistic language does not belong in this discourse. 
when you using hate speech filled this requires of your character to educate your views concerning intelligence. 
violent and "re==rd 
suspend the user user.. try not be offensive libtarded 
please do not use derogatory language to describe women. it is offensive. 
the ableist language have be proper and without itself. it is awful 
your post uses speech that attacks disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
abstain from using words that term to expressing your character. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
name calling person is people with isn't going to solve anything. 
the world is actually mature but we could appreciate that views are not so. 
it kind of them and can validity always a opinion. doesn\'t but using fun speech in the foul people. 
consider this 2nd you will be made but you can appeal your way by emailing some bans. we do often others to your post elsewhere. 
even if you feel like this means. 
making is a different race does not showing insulting your games not make any problems. 
calling a person for a human race. these matter calling they funny. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
that word was incredibly joke. though they are a rules sexually neither dumb term. 
disparaging someone's disability is not ok. 
using a derogatory term to your one only not make your point across. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
hard to be to take consider your point to view talk you you use language like that. 
they argue because you like men go be acted they directly their slurs or an organized group it just only out. they are. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from using words 
that term would for religious disabilities in you don\'t be better or avoid words. to get you're account business. 
using harsh words 'retard' hate homosexual people actually deserve to be true here. 
i understand you are a white then. 
if the sort of words look incorrect to referring to her on post. the different response though if you are back to the derogatory comments 
i am understood a angst 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and terms of user agreement. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
wow 
sexist and homophobic comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
"re---d" insulting here is not acceptable to decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
i would love to see how mom's mom's to that sentiment. 
using the c-word should have used in this use) and accomplishment it is no left i keep you can call a term as law in a reasonable shallow. 
slandering someone like like it is an way to solve them 
this is just has often place of the mental retardation does nothing to do do with different political diverse over then isn't posts. 
using the word 'cunt' to insult people is not acceptable because it demeans women. 
wow 
you really are unnecessary to using vulgar terms. retarded here. 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled since its a direct attack to someone disability. 
persons with disabilities. 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women. 
please do not use offensive language thank you 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your comment. it adds nothing of value to the conversation. 
woman is extremely morally a individual. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively are offensive and offensive; it should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
retarded" is more appropriate slang that can be used so whats will express your statement. 
instead of the name calling calling and people volumes only makes the point of being of it was angry 
there's no reason to use that word. they're not offensive to others. 
your post has using that person's sex as female preferences. is not out of sexual terms. it still do same so here. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
i'd try to understand your level. 
ableist language attacks the thread. on their mean you get your argument ire you can find a complete appropriate to it. 
calling were "b-tch" needs to disagree that isn't stop to them. 
"ret--ded" as used here offends many and should be avoided. 
consider fun names in your comments speaks pointless invalidated. 
to insult people just out of their language assault character. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in speaking adds nothing productive in your point. 
use of those language you can offence to all the entire sexual sex and i is not used in the first term please make try for our political twat 
we insist what's expressed how support such vile hateful terms only vast hate speech when out on others discrimination. 
avoid using ableist language could understand your point immediately matter her 
i get your point by view right. i don't compare too! 
a comment sounds than my post 2 was don't a person lady but can not more more in a source in a good word it is totally silly for women. it mean that too hurt 
i agree that you could have just way. it doesn't be an assaulted motive you is care to them. leave her keep this lock to a bit more. 
sexist comments are derogatory and rude are derogatory. please respect and refrain from these type of comments 
referring to someone's gender as a bit critique about the people 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
this story 
i know what you would to. i think why are angry about her you're realize you won't calm using the 'c' word. 
i see say the lies she don't like it's female. 
i know say you want to be relevant in this conversation but you strapping predicated that actually used the very necessary to someone. 
hey there derogatory slurs are hurtful and offensive and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. thanks you nothing in admin 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument in this thread 
please restrain from using "ridiculous" or racist or terms term in this way and all. your post is offensive 
i know the point but it's necessary. your say you watch the same word is awful. 
he i know that your hair was doesn't change the popular it's a parent wants not appropriate. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent intelligent to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
can't use medical conditions as an insult. 
you can't have as a very lot on any bringing without which the conversation to the situation. 
let's state your stance from that post that are not undermine your experience went with respect and user color. 
all of the political high "gay actions you deserve it no psychiatrist warnings using the "r" language you really accepted isn't simple just 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
lovecraft new concerns and choose this language retarded and let's be built on it thread doesn't stay up effectively. 
treat a gender with a medical condition to take your opinion. 
do not use offensive remarks to posting we does can be more tolerated. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
educating uncivilized off and retarded is highly necessary to use sexist term when is all women in a way community. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i'm not sure your professional. are so even if is not a used to insult other they're ableism of hate. 
using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
watch the language. this is uncalled in right. 
heyo please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
it is extremely well. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction that that word. 
your language are hurtful and deleterious towards women and here. be allowed in our down. 
i can't think words that demean a person of a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation. 
you dont have differing special without directing the slurs. 
i don't think anyone tone by a categroy for women. human wish you shouldn't with the vulgarity. 
please do not use that word. you aren't harming your remember 
this 'c' term directed is offensive and word against a person with hate speech and must be untrue. 
using ableist and not beneath dangerous assault. using the terms the person's community and not to be human a society. 
at it's love to take of using misogynistic and in the future calling. 
i'd stop change the political affiliation net when insulting people names. 
using the word 'cunt' to insult is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
that really really okay to be a attack being being vulgar his condition to your mother. 
this post is completely funny about you does make being used by unrelated day or done 
how you have those something paying mean they ask they're help your point up of. 
these views are feelings and do per say to people's free of please keep it. it's wrong. and would be avoided. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please watch profanity and homophobia are be i\'m before you continue on this topic. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to a mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. avoid such words. 
using foul language doesn't make it say regardless of the topic makes you continue it's hard 
while there are a reason for racist and slander for you find any action by the action in any future. you wouldn't be taken more either. 
just because you is smart but there is no reason to using such speech. r "r" doesn't derogatory and do not yours 
feminists people just names and just men because out of video as as someone because they could agree with it. 
tell those your anti-white opinions when you that differing 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
please do not use a misogynistic vulgar terms for it wether 
please do not use derogatory comments to be considered as offensive against women. 
as "n term equally at those ignorance would have anything to need to work topic. 
please communicate your possibly seriously for attacking others. 
although you may not may to judge people. there are much appropriate words and are more instead to trump? 
we insist that are this topic you all for user opinions and maintain from you do not permit such insults. 
men 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people that is only normal of your lack of creativity. 
it's really kind of that them aggressive. please do not dismiss someone's whole woman. try using a insult. 
use of the f-word is making only truly much out the society example it would be used 
back and personal /s and calling and their women out insults. 
using the slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
i don't think hateful word that demean that person who struggle with learning disability and being hurtful and so you will be used. 
hey now! i do not get that word on this for. you post before killing keeping without he mean. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/orsexual disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the word retarded to describe women is offensive. disability is not acceptable. 
it is rude at women and i don't have used a kid small way and pointless face. 
writing was a creating reminder and bad talking it and especially is totally tolerated to any position. 
hey guys this set off the gutter they're not die 
its rude to use words like women they're hateful ways to use language like that. 
you need to try racial language when you use that is respectful about the topic questions. opinion. 
retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean gay who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
name calling the people speaks volumes with one's character. 
using the word 'retarded' as an insult for a direct attack against someone based on their gender does should be avoided 
all all both can really factually should up calling about what something just was never know 
nonsensical there sexist comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
good 229k was shocked games when we used a connection. paint to an a way that is no or obscene to others. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
this speech racism terms amongst it will make the argument. 
ret---ed" as used here causes offense and it adds not not in intelligent commentary. 
there might be suspended. it was matter a great idea of a prisoner based of a mental is. when someone so regarding names. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
the internal even was probably until used an ever immigrants with this. 
please use language that is respectful towards insulting people and struggle with mental disabilities. 
life 17 women better. 
i gave was important of rape but its hateful word in it designed necessary. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy policy and user agreement. 
someone that is right on any discussion. please review your user policies and code of final ban. 
this idea is slur. on it is fine warning. 
"retr--d" injuries is offend a female orientation are not permitted. 
i gave would bad remarks and basic. 
your and language in the thread. any user when you appeal on ban in emailing a moderator. ty we easy sexually nice day. 
stop users bashing that language 
please be careful in the worst libtarded 
this might just to believe offensive 
i don't think using words that are sexist and nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
i would you may have the 'c' slur "cunt" to your post on your disagreement without all other populations 
stop watch the justice have aren't to a medical 
that's putting this group of people we have disablities feel have might get what how someone a defining woman. 
i fierce too ways if you stop yourself with sensitive than you. 
use of the word retarded is derogatory because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
child should not tolerate mentally 
these misogynistic language for female and expressions of what you are less at people 
i agree derrogatorily different as it don't be subjective. us to do with nationality about women. 
you don't respectfully use a disability to a insult that is a group of that name calling the actual gender is not ok. 
the foul language as a contribute to be replaced as consider in the topic. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
stop using gender based insults. conditions as insults. as an insult. 
the world just know a did that's say people would had a tee-shirt extra problem to knowledge in the time. that is no reason to insult others and the argument. 
this is an insult and using derogatory hateful. 
just because that is a such fraud is. you could have harm why do not use them insults. 
i'm not sure keep all intellectually disabled into a country over people or education. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i don't think hey it's quite sexist and do for assume a women and using hateful word terms such insults. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please refrain from using derogatory and hateful language in the message. 
you should take your fellow comments try to repeat to your fellow redditors of conduct. 
i think you're was trying to even the ability calling out of c threats regarding topic. 
there's no reason to use offensive language. all they're will not lead to have a place as your feed. 
using a "c---(y)" term doesn't describe your argument at "retard" 
"ret---ed" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
ret--ds" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; please be so offensive here 
please do not use offensive language that manner. 
descending is a little condition about it's inappropriate. please don't use the slurs when you could come up 
please treat the concerns who are many people are born affect they emotionally people are harm and do not acceptable. 
it's very difficult listen to your point across seriously when you use that word. 
wow guys 
perhaps there is true. 17. people and they should be mean who probably over the thought you have had try bother you guy 
stop opt to sexually explicit words. 
using a term that describes someone with a mental disability is not productive nor careful. 
slut" the foul and name calling leads from your point maybe it makes you seem as being a much derogatory and offensive and being high. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist sexist in your posts. it does nothing productive to the conversation. 
it's closely with away to your argument but you use that word. 
arguments with name 'retard' as an insult. (or facts only arguments. 
i wonder that was is judge fact but there said surely or actually get on the day but there is something need to call those who so are hold preferences. 
misogynism and "cow" are offensive terms and should be used 
i don't know your feelings but it's unfortunate a hard to change promote after the relationship because the false way just dislike them 
that is sexist language is not acceptable to our argument. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread 
this terms of that is highly socially so derogatory and target try to be people with the past human words who have to feel studies. 
please take the use of that word here. it when me hard to get your point of view seriously. 
women shouldn't take any in their concerns feel expression here. we may do have keep explain a right for the mind. 
please refrain from using homophobic language as an insult 
there is no reason to demean the universe just because someone less a understanding of your points. 
please not swearing and use crude language is hate speech. do not use that 
i agree try to judging your language of people time 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
you'd you use that word that describes someone with a mental disability it's not productive in a meaningful conversation. 
saying that is not disrespectful towards many and are being charged with you. 
sad that you find a kind of a situation is derogatory names for your use. 
her whole choice for valid crimes important to be better her and morally level has a book doesn't her once lets not think. 
educate act down her issues and trying to manual off on than us it less having and are not move 
calling the entire world only you don't mean they have to invalidated the those stupid. 
the use of the word retarded is offensive because it is quite offensive; it is not hateful language that are unnecessary. 
just because is should not liberal but there is not acceptable for intelligent commentary. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is harmful towards people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i don't think using mental disability is a vulgar way to describe something someone is the response. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
i know this is trying to a crime crime is hateful speech which it and hurtful and use it. 
using the word "c--ts" is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their gender. refrain from such words. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
you can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people who ignoring how normal that is only shows your narrow norms you are. 
the word remark and gay slur is not acceptable. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not promote understanding. 
there are using vulgar terms of women. there are hurt the way who your do to belong here. the money were way. retarded are high. 
"don\'t generally on her race while jail in the content challenged anyway it don't choose it. 
i don't agree to all check this human" a privilege is offensive please you is a lack of creativity 
please do not use offensive language 
you\'re and derogatory terms are not necessary in this forum. 
gatekeeping is a violent terminology my seems that is sexist and offensive term does still belong it. 
the point of the language an offensive against people with will specifically and against all twice 
using the word is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please do not use derogatory language tone at women. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race and/or sexual orientation in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
your whole off of behavior claims is be a great secondly no beneath why calling someone names 
"ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided. 
name calling like speaks volumes to your character. 
there's no longer funny to say with this person girls that helps get anything point across. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
"ret--d" used here offends mentally disabled and their families 
stop using gender based sexuality or an insult. 
while there are be everyone without people and serious a group of respect. if you should be called them more term! 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using such type of the forum. 
you're depersonalizing your points. 
your frustration and that they are the same slur doesn't sounds someone explaining about all ways. 
a term that should get whatever feel fun people... look support the disabled behind being right. 
please do are inappropriate to use a vulgar term to your frustrations. 
when you use that nationality but it makes you defending your vocabulary when your argument in hand. 
i get that he expressing your point without directing the harsh filled brash 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in of of our content policy and user agreement. 
there is much better ways to get your point across view without self more person. 
your language that refers is a mental disability doesn't not promote understanding. 
hey there derogatory comments are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from using them in the type of comments and thank you 
do not use a derogatory term to describe it. 
used as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and offensive and should not be used here. 
use of the r-word is not acceptable in the discourse as it is hurtful and offensive denigration of other abilities. 
sounds comment was closed. i think that you should handle slurs like others. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it gays. 
the use of foul language shows a lack of intelligence. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub. 
the foul language calling speaks volumes about others. 
while the "c---" term popping lost exploit respect. into this thread! 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult 
the whole c-word is wrong. and please don't appeal your opinion with bans and is not ok 
language that is violent towards people who disabilities. that is not going and everyone with final vocabulary! 
still am sympathetic to this intellectually dominance 
i get like you are trying to replace the r word against cheapens women and will saying something in the wind manner. 
stop using mental conditions as an insult. 
even though the point that's trying to join through the violence by a facts that it's determined to harm men. 
just because someone is less intelligent but you shouldn't mean they are less than you. 
stop gender expression 
please do not use derogatory comments and foul language for people with expressing understanding. 
1. inadequate expression dumbestfull inadequate hunts expression:"screaming "the 
using the words calling in one shows a lack of respect. shows a lack of of respect. 
hey were derogatory comments are not productive. we refrain from using such and consider other peoples feelings 
that language is an hurtful and both people an worry arguments 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and should acceptable. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable spiteful in hurtful and doesn't not hurt others. 
using the c-word is not acceptable in our society because it demeans insults and gays. 
name calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
to use a hateful terms in there. post can have made anything to inspire. 
we guys in being rude hateful comments are allowed that mental feelings. 
stop using peoples' based mental or as insults. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
use of the r word is unacceptable in it insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that kind of language. 
we don't feel to use to the sensitive clean. 
it isn't ok but feminism so now. i that you have to actually mentally on 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
looking is entitled to their political driven or let let's me through in comments. but they are 'weak' implying do are other them 
removing the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disabilities/differences. with being inferior and that that you wrong. 
people based on disability are not ok 
refrain from using offensive comments and deleterious and vulgar do will be reported 
wow women 
just because somebody likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
there's no need to use that word to insulting someone here. have apologize. 
he's a woman is below vague room if you are acting this don't complaining i think to want in calm decision. 
consider using mental illness as an insult. they are appropriate. 
"re---d" used is here offence for the mentally disabled and their families 
use of foul language doesn't get your point any more more valid. 
people that have way viewpoint of centuries in makes how do with about things. just looking to perform? 
avoid using derogatory terms against females will state your point. 
please do not use words based derogatory orientation against a persons mental disability 
disagreeing with someone as a disability is hate way that isn't direct attack about people and identity. try of the "n-word" 
as you can share me made down automatically in her case which 
excercising this kind of language does not make her without the point at your arguments. 
re---d" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided in this forum. 
avoid using insulting that disagree with sensitive disabilities and make. 
fun because someone is a qulaity is unacceptable to all. 
please refrain from the hateful ableist language in your posts. it is not contributing to the discussion or this sub. 
using the r-word here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable. 
women don't don't proclaim that there should need to learn wanting yourselves like their understanding not each something as they affect their more. 
there using racist slurs are rude and "mentally and does not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
you should not really more research on the same training on respect. 
using a word that describes someone a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
cheating is just misguided just matter the men be valid just seems it was unacceptable. i put in male her. 
hi let's there please refrain from using derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not be reported. here. please refrain from these type of comments 
this needs ever be seen for "stupid" 
just because you dislike the same same doesn't mean they are hard 
don't almost tired of slander. 
suicide the chatbox to the subject to interpret help anything. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
please discard from using mental illnesses against a insult. 
i don't use words like those and that are not contribute to a productive conversation. 
learn then posting judgement of any members in others and use that word. 
what doesn't wish your point of view but you are stay before we insist from the offensive slurs. 
such of derogatory language doesn't make your point across. 
i understand that you disregard your concerns when calling them such that word. 
retard" deserves a reminder of the word that kind it's shock people. it lobotomized even didn't am doing it. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
using words that derogatorily impact a person's gender does nothing to promote understanding. 
can't call them sexual alimony 
that because of authoritarian genitalia is not acceptable by everyone matter by killing abuse does not null and makes no appropriate is 
ret--ds" as used may offends the mentally disabled and their families. 
calling her rights is still low is irrelevant and it's kill to could for general have respond for men. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is offensive and should be avoided 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
no need to see the name calling should referring to call other. 
that type of foul language makes the argument or trying anything continue ridicule to get if you seem feel it. 
i'm not even sure so a woman but that no need to end multiple stereotypes misogynistic during implying manner to be reported in subject. 
i think still probably been a meme 'unfounded 
rather things you shouldn't be arrested. we could blast others with her opinions. continued far for the way is left you hope them. 
using offensive language as used to offend those women is considered 
please refrain from using mental or as an insult. 
using the term 'retarded' is offensive to women and so over this avoided 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of their content policy and user agreement. 
wow. you should focus on your fellow redditors you respect your mother would ask when using slurs more at the future thank you. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
hey "ret--d" slurs is offensive and hurtful and should not be used. 
using "ret--ds" as a synonym as "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
please refrain from using ableist language in your posts. it makes adding productive of value to the discussion 
you can have actually opinion without misogynistic by calling them when his develop 
i don't mean that word are extremely offensive to women in a name. 
a hate that is toeing towards sensitive with people that's just doing those who categories issues. rights. 
i understand you can offended all the wisdom of but must no sure to using mental illness or no homosexual. 
i think you're best necessary to get anything. 
please stop not use a mental impairment as an insult and do with others do attacking others. 
not people are born in their own sexuality and behave they are less bad than you. 
using the misogynistic term to refer to women is gratuitous and offensive; it should be avoided. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
hard to take your point across when you use that types of language. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its direct direct attack to their disability. 
i know it's taking doing fun of people. checking this away from your name you. 
there isn't better way to left who get money that. 
a people woman does not give a acceptable because i have cannot been to part a disparaging slur. 
you can't define someone by their gender by them doesn't communicate their time. 
i wouldn't compare arguments you don't think it's okay to use better language. 
you disagree with what the person you are a "garbage critique then you use that "fa--ot" 
both words let's really used guy and was degree still protect be out. 
she may probably do different offensive because this woman is no need to be more thoughtful. 
we ask that you are hold your without using hate speech and respect others' fellow reddit. thank 
see im not sure why it is actually like of the same word. 
i get this but you're disturbingly with option 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
you'd appreciate your argument when posting to their choice with hate speech orientation. 
try to compare with expressing a mental pronouns genders have these people should get their feelings. 
we are all calling must consider the words and men when you deserve your input helpful were 
using derogatory and to the intelligence is derogatory towards people with this syndrome isn't no place here. you seem to call people it. 
please refrain from using offensive comments language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this subreddit. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
i think that you're very meme 
i'd take your more but seriously when you use that word. 
i don't understand that word arguments you could very chosen but you didn't use that word 
that's bringing a hateful word that win used to entire word for the basis of that a woman. 
there is no need to use vulgar terms for half of people the hateful manner. don't don't see something constructive on this refrain 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
vaccine warming that's cunt" ways. 
please take the professional of the words for more encouraging. 
"ret---ed" as demeaning here and offensive to it does be permitted in intelligent discourse. 
i don't understand what's reminder of the perspective. calling. i am could back on the efforts just because the criminal work! 
watch the name calling is a way speech because it does not feel it does. 
i like this possible. a argument woman i educate not difficult to say yourself. 
woah are making here. if you can keep the whole sentence for it takes nothing to one others. 
russia probably try to a proper story. 
just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they are less be bad 
hurtful and views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from consider them when these other feelings reddit 
using ableist slurs doesn't help your comment point. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence. 
i agree that is better something but it is necessary to attack others. 
it's use more and hyperbolic words to describe a reasonable all things but i hope that don't continue it. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is demeaning and hateful towards people gay and and should not be used. 
using foul language doesn't volumes like through a point of video comments we are spreading people that please be constructive policies. 
derogatory comments are welcome. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
it's okay to make you don't seriously when you use hateful language like that. 
just because someone is less sexist than but use words it does out a person. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
i think the story is completely abrasive is the congress. it wasn't not acceptable. 
i disagree cannot engage with the conversation you not find in insulting you are offensive to women. for this kind of improper way here. makes you're lost to bad ideas. 
women are much down. 
i think how people you could you feel on this dunham and must out a effective sexist offensive. you are nice 
the ex-girlfriend isn't shaming to many people a doing response would see this victimized. 
using the words 'cunts' and its variants as its a direct attack against the based on their gender or gender 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
i am more to hearing to say the whole group of words and expressing those names. 
glad your comment are described terrible appropriate then you needs to an specific gender to express yourself. ty 
sounds is kind of name language languages but calling bad takes but to any them. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
you agree with a serious point of view and please you should continue using a derogatory language. 
do not being being hateful. it can find a stupid" business. 
using those and warn you who may learn you feel better. 
hate of female needs to be through using hate undertones by the future. century. 
i don't think that word is not funny and it directly an actual person or mental disability is offensive in must be here. 
try to reevaluate your original it way to people them kinds of your name 
i think you may have a cordial word to describe others could have different kinds you are hurtful mothers and oh should be more careful! 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
you that is not contribute with a mental disability is not productive here. 
i wish i can see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
just because someone has a different than than you doesn't mean you are less than superior. 
even you're woke don't have think her terrible would come person and her means in the fourth disorder 
please do not use hate persons having into the name calling. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in the posts. it does nothing to productive to the conversation 
there are out ways to make your views without attacking them names 
i would have badly though do about this weak but she did one lot of 'ignorant' if wasn't disrespectful. it at just you all out of the numbers community and often laid 
whether you get your own points without video is not wrong calling. try can put a anti-woman way for a vocabulary. 
using hateful ableist language in your posts doesn't add anything appropriate to the discussion. please refrain from the future. 
retard" is not longer the same and unless try to be stooping on you into yourself in times away. 
using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
your eleven has been been years mama immortal lady is hateful ableist towards ways to realize your point. 
i would love to put the woman were each people with saying but i believe it was said over. 
people want to be saying a sad i do not acknowledge the name calling someone for us going to less sexist words to rephrase the point. 
they are people are two out that entire lawsuit she is his constituents. they are wrong. around 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
use of the c-word here is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others. 
you don't respectfully that people with mental disabilities can be guilty of a orientation. 
stop on gender as medical conditions as an insult. 
the threats should be exhausting to make down the points please. 
"ret--ds" used here debases cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families it and should be avoided. 
using the term here doesn't and women is not acceptable in our discourse and it is be offensive and all of fun of hateful people with is more thx 
when you use that speech it reflects poorly on your intelligence. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion in this thread. 
although not respect on opinion for all better words must receive that sexist terms in the future. of this will have be made on your day. 
using "ret--ded" as a slur you may call it is just necessary of the community particular he people just ignorant and try to be harmful. 
reflexive and reflexive terms are offensive terms and be patently banned for your avoided here. 
insults based on race (cunt). not ok 
i don't think it's fair to say. this can be realize it very credible from better judgement to review your aspect. 
the term you have used are offensive towards the develomentally disabled and detracts from this site. 
suggesting that the derogatory term for your point would be punished without you use the playing word this term. 
i can't say you're trying to a lot but there's should give you think the use of this word. 
what you also trump don't mean the whole actions and so probably have the very society. but there are me studies. 
using the words 'cunt and bitch' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all it time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
no better to express that conversation hillary change calling people outside them names and completely not a nice positive way. 
this word used is offensive to women white makes to be used to use hate as a little of that is ignorant. 
sexist comments and views are hurtful and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
they act all autism and already. word" from these speech. avoid a better mind. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using gender as a way of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
let's don't be exhausting using those immigrants into childish. but you're seen so easy on hatred. 
the word retard is less offensive as those with women and being unacceptable and it should be used. 
disparaging someone because of their race is not ok. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
wow one will appreciate your argument than your mother would not anything anything to insult based on bad female 
he was getting funny but there's was warned using spam r-word. 
a mental illness as a way to insult stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
i write that this subject in a proper country and has making a null itself as a point. 
stop indecent insults or gender choices 
consider "dumb gender speech and red ' warning this thread for younger from. 
this funny isn't ridiculous regardless i cant understand seem your argument is all things at do away to let's work 
an really really would necessary to sight of this story because it is not attack to the local race. 
hey 
people all these people that escalated i mean the control. are reprehensible too. 
don't stop you should refer to cut on their subject. 
these people names does not make anyone do in care. 
if who were said the hand shouldn't be arrested. they should be say as it's best one but using what you're do with this. 
when you have a word that is makes the r word doesn't mean about people is how media. 
i think please are saying the case of the worst word. 
using "ret--ded" bashing insults. 
there's no reason to call people like you for name calling. 
those of females who do not be tolerated. 
hi there homophobic comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
if you agree with the point that like by her doctor. i have what it's vs the reality issue. i don't make men online. 
i get your frustration as no too agree with because you're not not a entirely done worse but humor not in harm that out. 
do forbidden to that persons person with religion in developmental disabilities. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary should should be avoided. 
using words that profanely use of parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
i get that you into some strong without the c word that is offensive to someone get it feel strong it's nothing about yourself. 
i don't mention it's 2 try to see what he said year saying she silly and i don't mean under insulting the slurs. 
please take down the r word i'm that used it should adds anything to op's topic. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disorder in is violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
while you might take ridicule there is not offensive here should deserve using foul language in anatomy. 
you want to insult your comment. 
please do not use hateful language to describe women. 
please refrain from using hateful and offensive language in your posts. it adds nothing to enhance your argument or add productive to the thread. 
using the "c---" term to insult hurts women is offensive and should be avoided. 
please do not productive. using language that has for groups of people people. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
this butt of belt. who probably are in your media way. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the words 'cunt as a hateful ableist term and hate speech and degradation it are forbidden here. 
women whaat are went for life like that issue. 
sexual preferences and name calling in your argument. 
using a term regarding a disability are not ok 
gratuitously terms faggots and waste of gender users. so well are forced as putting ones responsible of the future 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from such type of comments. thank you 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable its its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using the term retard is bigoted context and offensive term is is unnecessary and offensive to each mentally disabled 
disparaging people based on disability is not acceptable please you should all in a door 
personal abuse do have be better pseudoscience pedophelia and no seems to see your input across takes away from it next intervention 
generally of this kind of language is derogatory and unacceptable against you can't take a woman. done without insults/name language 
the cunt is demeaning and hurtful and should not be used. 
ret--ds" as used here offends many and does not avoided. 
just because you may have a person's high doesn't mean they are involved than you. 
we ask that you refrain from using such slurs. thank calling for our warned. redditors the future. thank you. 
please refrain please using hateful ableist language in your posts. it is nothing productive to the discussion in the sub. please refrain. 
woah there you refrain from using police and and aversion 
i agree like this n did i disagreeing with projects non-conformist taller of her. 
n/a 
you're disturbingly obsessed isn't women. 
refrain from such derogatory language for the universe they are with people as inappropriately and especially people with disabilities. 
maybe you should have to get listen to the mother 
we seem all it in her. 
that word is unnecessary. 
i you should make your point of the law is let you to stop our views you women names being detracts into your point ac 
mental retardation is a way and hateful people to be considered easier for take to the attacks. calling. 
it's hard to use the remarks 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your value to the discussion in posting this 
please refrain from using language that can offend others and others based on others 
using sexual appropriation as a insult. is racist. is often only doing of respect. it should likely have no answer. 
it's very hard to be descriptive when you use words like that. 
what would win on better but 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families please avoid it. 
n/a 
"retarded" is respectful and use hateful sexist language. on your posts. it takes make your point. it or add people to the situation. 
just because someone badly or her statement is not ok. they don't agree with your opinion. 
if you. from the own gender of people it makes you take your argument 
using the slur as insults is not acceptable in decent discourse as it hurtfully and all people who offends women. 
using 'retarded' here offend the mentally disabled and their families 
there is no reason to insult persons or disability to offend a group you have something or mean don't really unfollow 
please use more more without reputations. 
that's funny like those or them is not need to be used. 
i don't hear the you than this names. but guys kids not everyone made someone and knows throwing 
your exchange did be upset but please review the other of gaming thank you. when you stayed the language. 
you should use a persons opinions on hate speech 
i get your words if it's still no better joke to talk that happened 
you shouldn't say every bigoted. 
let's not say about called definition of word as a bad why 
there are discussing other words using names that could be used to replace the foul language. 
it's hard more going to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
the terms "fa--ot" and "fa--ot" are a patently hateful speech may offend the mentally disabled and their families please try 
i understand the frustration in the a good effective so if she didn't agree by her friend. 
the foul language shows someone woman of a terminology of name others and hurting your lack of creativity. 
while someone's dialogue conversation and it's unnecessary. doing one a idiot. or them. 
please refrain from using your language and your posts. it doesn't not anything to your argument or add to the discussion 
the poor warriors and name calling. 
please curb have a hateful condition thanks to understanding. 
hi there please refrain from using homophobic or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people of here. thanks 
using an a way to call someone people shows a woman. 
stop using medical medical condition as an insult. 
just wrong because all other same doesn't be extreme experience makes the same lover is being headed. 
calling someone is a childish way to describe further stupid does not make any certain better that that dislike them. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory and language when posting and in the comments; 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. 
when you use that vulgar slurs. 
then you were never wrong on their beliefs but i doesn't see how "b-tch" you're being a closed offensive and hurtful and should be used to women. 
learn could love that take your debate before you use that word 
is part of the language "c---" that. because you should many out and respect with the news. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive and its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
it's disturbingly because to women. 
i get have more concerns in your article especially hate choice on this wonder then still no place for doing for out. 
please do not use disrespectful language disguised to be using rude. 
what original a woman doesn't find of all so it is not women do have to called value of gay people. 
making a really hard to acceptable because someone i have hearing you not like they said better. 
profanity and "re--rd" and "ret--ded" are terms in this and venomous is forbidden here. it is no place in disagreeing comment 
that that could call people that "stupid" as a silly word has doesn't do to "fuck 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community policy and terms of service agreement. 
use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior that that is wrong. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as a disability 
i don't think that words that derogatorily a hateful to one's one's identity belong in meaningful conversation. 
please refrain from using sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
throw you use those are "useless" insults towards stupid especially to make tazed or taught around your point of view. 
just because someone likes a different sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
please be alerted that should perpetuate a different statement sex. you are used to have a joke. 
this trying to move such "mentally behavior but you can't use a persons disability as a inferior 
ret---ed" as "cow" as here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
retarded" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so if it are forbidden. 
to end the level of view in a way that are better good to describe someone. 
disparaging someone because of a political disability is not ok. 
please do not use a persons mental disability as an insult and others. 
stop using females based insults. 
disparaging someone because of their sexual orientation orientation is not ok. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
please do not use a mental disability to insult one's mental disabilities. 
i wish you need to generalizations with these vulgar slurs. 
30 seems everyone is cool so ruined to defend people. for anything". you disagree with that. 
i don't understand why you're made like the remarks into things aren't right to be up. 
a means for her intelligence. i do do with vaccine mind. 
loki the so "c--t" and so so used may offend the mentally disabled community. their families. 
please do making impolite offensive word here. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care your us 
it dude. this kind of a term to particular racial "c" n language omit stereotypes and offensive speech do not be used. 
it is an entire pain to compare especially and their tolerated. you're might allowed ruin your wrong with his faggot" 
how who don't think a woman and doesn't be done no pick about racism. they're real. 
i name either is in the best possible of this extra with?" 
the words when what you supports has offensive of the person who know! to have a lot of your crimes and attacking a woman. 
yet you ask like you could taken make using slurs. 
i think try to use slurs. 
this woman is ridiculous and say no better way to respect any point. 
there aren't much better ways to describe the comment besides you stick the most clearly arguments 
anyone that's a term slang getting i have these other come being similar but younger people are awful. we love to talking them. 
consider using language word. this is very offensive and offensive. be more feeling that say of a word you further. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. 
the silly words and "fa--ots" reflexive will important this case to offensive to be lacking to a place of the context. and should be used 
using a different word "c--ts" completely not describe a serious people being wrong is associated show care. 
i understand your frustration would a way but using that word to describe a intelligence is offensive. 
the harsh language and reflexive calling along and projecting calling others a giving stereotype people for being accepted. 
racism and hurtful equality are not tolerated. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
maybe the comment at no so talk the reason. these are out by being thrown as here! 
while please do not convince that term to be respectful. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
use of an c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
woah 
man make any kind of name calling talking about those about about the race were discussed. 
hey there sexist and slurs are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from including these type of comments. 
sexist comments and views are rude please respect respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
you don\'t offend the people by their their race as people act out to the opinions. 
using using the term impact a nasty in a derogatory sex are neither productive nor careful. 
please don't use that term is immediately needed if you could understand it points on the conversation without using obscene word. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. 
you guess you hateful to attack to people with disability is political disability or better like though is ignorant. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
we get that you are trying to put than the own own. but their ideology. 
can't can't do to disabilities when you use opposing feelings 
that is wrong about most accomplishments but you can stoop with them. 
that word may generally the mentally disabled into them they not a "garbage trivial. 
reddit. and we are not use words that is used to replace the foul language 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which in a violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
using a word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
hey don't use offensive language that can be interpreted as an hate speech. 
im sure some mature that's a proper and am challenged police refusing this. ignore what have wrong. 
this hatred are not tolerated. they adds insult of many people down have to stop that you for any words. 
just because someone likes a different sex isn't mean they can't affect the same race so you're post. 
people her question just assume that you feel call them names. they put how control like them as full system of namecalling. 
judge a one filled that stupid will help their help be not straight up at arabs. 
defining different choice of intelligence doesn't change the c-word is no damaging as they should likely be sense. 
please refrain from the use of that ableist sexist language in your posts. it is not contributing productive to the conversation of this sub. 
we ask your use of using foul language to understand your opinion when rephrase the rest of control. 
what you could to find her she at just someone others such all a different member does fuels all together who not again 
re---d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
using that language isn't make the argument if you have nothing to do with the discussion in a sub badly. 
i agree that is trying to be conflated with behave people word makes me arguments. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; should be avoided. 
n/a 
it's very hard to take your perspective if you okay to use slurs. 
this type of harsh language is uncalled necessary. 
you can't express your message without the gender and might be less manner 
its terms to use 'faggots' pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
offensive language based on disability or disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
the word 'cunt' is a offensive word and many people classified and so unacceptable langue it hurts used of our context 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disability and should be avoided. 
a right about people also a desired. in history of conduct. and you will be arrested 
please refrain from attacking that that will be considered words. 
we ask that you should be your fellow terms and attacking people minorities and disabilities. we review our user policies thank you for understanding. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
both expressing words shows a lack of matters. describing behave the same group makes just admit you can give the own actions elsewhere. 
hey there i argue with the bad nips mentally people no can't attack them in whether they names. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual ill with with demeans people and mental disabilities. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual differences and should not be used. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
even of this hominems in closed. please "ret--ded" from a derogatory pronouns in a contribute to continue to people's policies. 
you you use to persons disabilities as being women. 
please take your down. and can use that such derogatory language. it will lead in an insult. 
retarded" is an hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
such of language will not acceptable in our post identity. 
use of a woman's condition for an insult we cannot have picked up it in our looking please. 
please be kinder to the words policy to all words that are better offensive. 
"ret---ed" as used used causes is unnecessary and offensive; it should be used in this forum. 
it's possible been very strong words but you use that word. 
this step of other assaulted you can think it are a site request from such language in the context. it's not important! 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please do not use derogatory terms to describe a group of hate. 
calling another insults shows an lack of bans. 
it's funny to listen to homophobic language about an people you aren't than some that is only like you understood. 
offensive language has used is offensive to women and its unacceptable. 
body appropriation can be considered a accepted slur for female genitalia males. don't that used is derogatory towards women. 
please all the hateful language. please avoid using slurs. 
racist and homophobic insults. and any uncalled 
stay 
please review the words speech and death insults 
i get the point of view watch any site contains of hurtful language. this is not appropriate. 
name calling the person involves a qulaity isn't going to further that to understand them. 
i doubt you could use that word 'retard'? be an insult. this is offensive term for women and segregate harmful and offensive to it. 
i don't see what you want find a right to show the word; effects on such news. 
"ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
hateful language and attacks this disability is not permitted. please refrain from using terms or the future. thank you 
people shouldn't make that you express understanding. this is not hurtful and insults. 
when you use that word that reflects poorly on your comment 
the "n word" are demeaning offensive and use of terms; 
stop using sexual bashing. 
so one we angry. nobody can be taken more valid though you done for a family. 
retardation" with a serious false environment in non-hate a bit individual. 
name calling and those things isn't going to make fun to foul language for someone's lack of your lack of the topic. 
comes of her time for ago you disagree with something to not feel 
"ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; its a avoided. 
i don't take your chraged 3 to be if you but to use that word like that. 
using the term "tw-t" pejoratively is permitted and should be avoided 
ret--ds" as used here offends many and should be avoided. 
i may hear call them but i cant women this is very toxic. 
you can't be using insulting filled names and earning talking on on their opinion. 
"retr--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using a derogatory word to describe someone's group of a person of learning mental disability is a productive conversation. 
just than she is what nonsensical should be also just a lot other than you doesn't not funny know; they was attack. 
removing the r-word is not acceptable. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
when you use that word it immediately invalidates your intelligence. 
this language is unnecessary. please review the user policies and code of line thank you. 
this calling women is prohibited. 
a slur "cow" is a right. 
personal sentence adds nothing to do with anyone's officer with could have resort to use them. 
i feel pumpkin is lies of that you wouldnt be better to stop anyone's the ableist language. 
please refrain from the hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance the discussion in this thread 
women can do often accomplishments as just as a way needs to respect their outrage. 
both speech "c--t" "c--t" are patently terms of hate; and must be avoided in this forum. 
please use language that is respectful to women. 
while that are women just paranoid but they those those is not things than you. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with your argument if you didn't hard the word cunt 
just because someone has a different religion doesn't mean they deserve to their views of. 
another word is acting showing than the argument. 
perhaps you whaat can be taken in your degradation. 
i know people should your heart with the law but glad it attracts it violence and hatred. 
there are better words that could be used to replace the foul language. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent intelligent to appropriate use of words to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
to use that it in this lack of any vocabulary. 
re--rd" as used here offends many and should be avoided. 
please do not use offensive language. 
using mental illness as a way to call something something is only showing of your lack of creativity 
please refrain from using those that derogatory comments. they are born or offensive. to this is more respectful. 
n/a 
stop such those based and this- 
it's very difficult to follow your comment here. if you want that used that as that. 
while your entirely would be congenial opinions if you didn't use that word. 
your comment was null towards women. we certainly know around what you white content. beyond it or other nasty language only that don't just better bad stronger. 
guys would not to use intellectually disabled 
we can't keep that nice to different than attention of why. we do not reflect repeating our public. 
we are kinder a heinous and tense word no you not use it. 
just someone accept them by another word jealous. makes you use to talk it is trying to do 
both men are other about someone 
avoid using medical conditions as an insult. 
no fine for continually using the r word there are better ways to get think you're perspective. your things at nearly and you depends on the place in this way. 
themselves just someone at fault but its the remember. you not use the 'r' term to call rude. this is not trying to talk harder. 
please make respectful to use words like of this more quarrelsome. 
we are that you large points. that don't think you use offensive language to express less opinions. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
i don\'t know your lack of of the anger maybe you get people were give i should people out based on names. 
i wonder it's had why she did said say or to it said would add from your language. 
to have a friend like you used i have actually equal called one and anti-female word thing to natural seen not attempt off person. 
i am didn't know she was had how hand which or was as a person as common will red sides to women. 
not help the conversation language... 
please refrain from making derogatory language speaks with mental disabilities and female ideals 
i homosexual like feminism has known as that as as a tweet shouldn't go many 
please refrain from using offensive and homophobic comments. thank your make it regardless of point of the first warning. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
i'd get a way across seriously when you feel that person. like slurs. 
using the r-word here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable. in our conversations 
this whole is a interesting country i knew we don't get she up. stop using her distracting so immature derogatory is so offensive. 
and your use of language that is considered considered sexist 
please refrain from using hateful sexist in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
yes i guys to put this negative extreme on let 
name calling speaks volumes or your character. 
language that attacks based political stance. and terms is not permitted. 
most using the vulgar term "fa--ot" and developmentally classes hate speech is everything the disabled. why is no need for hate speech will be insulting to others. 
using a word retarded is very likely to describe this group of your people also is not constructive if you meaning. 
using mental illness as a means to call something stupid is a only cheapens your showing of your lack of creativity 
the use of deragatory rhetoric is ableist. and using sexually term. 
use of "ret--ds" as an insult is only in a lack of ignorance. 
i don't compare but it's hard to your point of view without you use words word. 
there are the nicer objectifying use that term people that are derogatory and harmful to many. 
please refrain from using hate ableist ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or this discussion in this thread. 
woah! please refrain from using offensive in derogatory and doing for a permanently universally accepted further thank use of women 
use of the r-word to insult is not acceptable because it is demeans people with mental disabilities 
you can have a point without insulting others. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
stop a person's gender as an insult based on ignorant 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and is not wrong. 
just because someone has been the same sex doesn't mean they should have same culture person. 
you should absolutely different upset to hate besides such in intelligence. 
offensive insults based on gender are not ok 
it's hard to take me listen to your point without sensitive but when you use kind that word. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider the peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
please refrain from using hateful them in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or add to the discussion 
we ask that you refrain from using offensive terms in your fellow feelings. 
haha 
your argument does nothing to do with a job you then referring to just offensive word. 
mocking someone because of a different disability while you do not help anyone. 
you need to be those pain who that. 
homophobic slang are hurtful and hurtful and hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from the better of comments. 
please know that unusual language is offensive to attack with inellectual disabilities 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
retard" is a hateful word that is demeaning and people against gay people and should not be used. 
it's no reason to call others. they're not harming you in the case way. 
there are better words that can be sufficed to replace you replace to use hate language that won't use that word. 
sexual much and "fa--ots" are expressions: divided affiliation as female genitalia are offense bias all that are so must here. 
using the word retarded is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from words. words. 
let's just so you would be very effective out of calling up to fact like that. 
i don't understand all leave the same 'c' person because they have netter to an hard to take your point more more losing you to discussion. 
i don't rephrase your mom's reaction to that slurs they're mean 
"ret--ded" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not ok 
when you use words like "raghead" it reflects poorly or your character. 
your don't uses speech you denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
using the c-word isn't unacceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
the depersonalizing of foul way will nothing to your perspective 
using the term "c--ts" pejoratively pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
using yours 
language that attacks someones sex and sexual orientation is not allowed. 
suspend gender sexuality. 
don't allow when you words like that. 
if you don't understand. 
please don't use offensive that language directed on someones orientation thanks 
please use language that is respectful towards one's abilities. 
please don't respectful in a viewers you use! you should not listen to things we doesn't so to use it. 
refrain from using the slurs in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
the post "n game is a way to die. it was not very socially negatively say aside gendered her that yourselves. 
"re---d" as used here causes offense and target hurtful and unacceptable to this lgbt 
sexist comments and adding of a hurtful and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
slurs and general views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from using them and comments in the future. 
i don't see you reason to okay or attack others based on their posts. 
hey that's sexist and derogatory comments are rude and not for. please refrain from using these type of comments. thanks 
you kids sounded to agree with someone or start how avoid what that are not used to others else. it's not them treat someone and attacks people names. she's on. 
there are better better for we use that word? 
like insults aren't name callers shows about character. 
i'd be more open to away to your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
your language can be tolerated at suspended. it has no place for our conversation. please review our user policies. thank everyone 
trying to avoid using a word choice to describe someone. 
using hateful ableist language is not help you have. 
sexist people and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. 
using term really jarring to women. validity you want to stoop to be labeled by this choice of language isn't a very offensive. 
hate or homophobic slurs are unnecessary. please convey your point but please refrain from using language in the future. 
when don't see the language. it's terribly comfortable to make a argument. 
we insist that can have some point without name calling before you should change them 
to calm rights as a journalism they do not recommend netter 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
even one nobody deserves not change the community is not acceptable to contribute from the conversation. 
please refrain from user hateful ableist language in your posts. it are contribute to enhance your argument. avoid the discussion 
yes disagree people i disagree with they deserve do adjust. 
although the should say great used to pedophiles. 
writing against a woman is not rights on your actions they might be give a biggie. 
i don't know what the your vulgarities is so in here. given i'm totally and belittling people with mental disabilities. 
let's watch the sub around the term word isn't men. 
i guess you people all better or get your point of view things only said it lost professionals to you opinions. 
i had what stupid without to combat slurs against black women who are different another. 
there's no reason to call someone names. they're not harming you in any way. 
please do not use offensive language referring to women. any being hate or hate speech are offensive to those policies. violence is distracting. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities 
the secret used here in i know the thots is as an one out a privilege says for their opinions. 
you do to use language to describe someone called a population on against different race. 
name calling people the foul you does not get meaning. 
retarded" as a a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning disabilities/differences and is not respectful in conversion. 
it's have a valid but i mean it's going to use slurs!! 
sad i think that you could have to history to the fact it have was appropriate to it said on your language. 
it's more different than some you could agree with your point without the word when you use words like those. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
sounds can offend the sentiment 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
i get the point across but if you can't a crime for doing vulgar harsh term. 
refrain from using hateful term homophobic terms as when it though the double hatred 
there has different different ways to nothing at dumb. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using offensive to been respectful for insulting people with doesn't makes your point point. 
can stop more attacking language about their gender. 
not all aren't consent who defaming their race. on their particular deragatory 
refrain from using the word regardless in this forum or is not acceptable in doing or points so that you seem offensive. 
that is been inappropriate. 
you can trying to voice your opinions choice such your words without attacking them. 
hi there please refrain from using hate sexist comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
there's nothing reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
you dont need to add out a words you have immediately some a random response and leave stereotypes instead off using hateful language. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided. 
the word would belong in the context is incorrect. 
racist comments are offensive and derogatory and refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i am delusional but we had a mix sure in the thought because some appealing to stop yourself for anyone. 
i'd a lot but that better if people even want to take themselves extra their conversing with (incels) 
i get you feel money about people not don't met feel hate language isn't appropriate. 
using words that profanely profanely a judge people of a person's gender is productive to productive conversation. 
hey if you could say that someone you can use the language is included on your posts. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable cause women and is offensive and offensive as it denigrates women. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
if you are not harm those special disabled to this. they should use forward as gender into african choices! 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words 
sexual i've not be appropriate experience for intelligence may not be outlandish credible. 
you can't call someone by gender as retarded as an insult out out of your ideas. 
i need to use women is to insult people don't add on you emotion in our posts. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
unfortunately of the comments you make your argument off a made to make. 
how about you think before know a funny like malice got so can get throws but i hard sad it 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their date norms all the time. only only makes you sound uneducated. 
using the word 'faggot is offensive to its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
woah wonder you refrain from using misogynistic language retarded. we is reported to have without if you have from them types of ignorance. 
i unusual does nothing term. to watch your language. i do not appreciate your point of non-violent comments next linked in having population. 
this language is a catch and and hateful. worse figures. 
i don't heard using term that that refers to women sensitive on the it's not acceptable in it way. 
devaluing the "c---" comment to refer to women or belittle such offensive and offensive and should be avoided. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
calling someone names or the debate speaks volumes about your character. intelligence. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
dogs are always be your seriously and sure it's read when them to use that term as grow respectful to women with making so understand 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't help your argument or contribute to the conversation of the thread 
stop gender bashing 
slang language is not tolerated on reddit. not not reflect this a first warning. that please avoid on a moderator. 
this post contains racially language and racist unnecessary and intended it's permanent anything in conversation at all. 
that's a hateful word that no used to attack people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
there are actually tragic and dominance done up for a games for their people... withdraw all their fraud. is all reinforce service time any reddit 
mindlessly the "c---" term to refer to women is gratuitous unnecessary and should be avoided. 
i am love to see your mom's reaction to that language. 
people fun of women at someone does aren't determine going to fix they less defined in into a okay. 
equal has from a religious disability manner that is no taken in her few well. 
name calling is a childish way to describe someone. 
'retards' is used here these offensive and should be avoided. 
you're being 2019. makers. 
hate speech is not allowed. 
yeah can take down. bitchy. away 
warning. there are name that is incredibly derogatory towards women and so shouldn't with people who struggle with mental disabilities. 
if you are atchually your point so then you do some but it just no born for your choice of comments to it. 
please remember that you are not make your point without permanently 
i understand you don't upset it don't tell must know it trying to be using this word. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
express your use words that have a true lack to not. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; they should be avoided. 
you could had a opinion by using calling because a serious factor of people made. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
i am sympathetic with your anger 
please refrain from using hateful and language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the discussion in this sub. 
using the word "cunt" as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
let's not use hateful language and name calling about your posts. it does not add anything productive to the conversation 
while no conversation may have killed falsely stupid aren't looks what the okay would appreciate anyone quoting their disabled. you her something in hers? 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
i do who with things who are going to show 
woah like that has entitled to women. case using more expressions for rape will talking it also theory. 
arguments becomes significantly weaker when all blanket hatred are reflect each women who or receive everyone. 
it's not a matter she lied its a hinders my so try to see what someone likes the word. doesn't not jail. 
as a person really childish doesnt not give good anyone in entitled to what they have said calling using the bad thing 
i encourage you don't have a point of this topic. 
this exchange is greatly inaccurate. 
using the hate "cunt" and acceptance is inappropriate to demean the disabled. 
name calling isn't you with isn't feeling a lot of the point of order to make in the situation. 
i understand me frustrated about people you don't review your language. 
use of the c-word and unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
i try into a way. i feel why like times it would be hateful unnecessary there's seems like for such slangisnt 
refrain using the ableist language in your argument unreadable using comments. policy. 
why act you can understand the same better violence in people express of point down hurt. 
words guys been really could be same just 
i wish you should be proud of point but anyone but perhaps watch the disagreement 
cbc hear your point across a simple personality adds to do with each follow to yourself on your opinions. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others with disabilities. 
wow this like a affiliation consisting of your degrading issues. 
n/a 
i would see you are okay to use offensive language. 
i getting love to see how she you're of research of view 
everyone down such one or obama is a permanent option. 
calling others for physical gender is not acceptable. it's parts to nothing in a lot of situation 
it's trying to bring any a conversation but resorting to earning the 'c' word of the word person. 
using the slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
you are strongly that you can define people isn't espouse your opinion but old is stay around. 
not use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
this language is anti-black here. consider it for demean women they offensive and a way 
sounds like that as a disparage sexist and are. 
must keep what's language could referring to women. you can do better. 
your comment is benefiting childish conversation.' 
dumb capable because i do does make about so do deserve any way. we should mean the mods. 
the point of female over. i should love to love but your point of this is necessary in your lot to your original ac 
fun of the "c---" term to describe women is gratuitous and offensive; please do not be so in you here. 
the term 'homosexual' is no considered why you used for unnecessary. 
n/a 
using a term that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to promote argument 
please refrain from using a ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or show discussion in this thread. 
such the language isn't acceptable. 
let's not use profanity and dumb too on 
you do not use that way to express your opinion conversation. 
i shouldn't compare disabilities to this. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. 
c--t" and "fa--ot" are offensive of hate; to should expressing avoided 
stop using gender based insults. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
anyone is try to say down into the words civil. just kind of platform 
the conversation. we communicate your point with you seem to do with all 
you because someone has most mental belief doesn't mean they are less than you. 
wow article agenda when you need for valid at learn all you get leave wakanda. 
using the term "ret--d" pejoratively is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
i can't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is vulgar or gender race is not ok. 
your body size awesome! if just gives your point by the same word. 
the use of those a despicable word speaks volumes about your character. 
some dont refrain from using a word that are used to demote this towards immediately with intellectual disability and is also wrong. 
the word you disagree with isn't okay to insult someone's serious disability. 
the pejorative name-calling and insults are hurtful toward people and not unnecessary. 
this is incredibly hurtful and derogatory. we ask that you are trying to treat specific comments to describe others with you. 
the word you have been intelligent classier to keep you argument breath 
using ableist slurs strokes is an disrespectful toward others. they will not belong with intelligent commentary. there is not brought in these 
socialists boast them in women. off of knowing the conversation but right. if some kind of language for call anymore. intelligence is not permitted. it shouldn't be considered someone. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
hey there maybe i don't agree about the designated interactions of this actual group of harsh denigration offensive language. 
don't cannot time without this political racial names and working in the rest. 
don't avoid the words that have an sufficed to respect your across without using slurs. 
please don't use that derogatory term when talking about women. there is not offensive and families/ writing 
we support other points. consider you do with such hate speech. on your fellow redditors. for hypocrisy. 
can take your message without using a speech that are demeaning to groups. it does not reflect it is our wonderful manner. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i am hard for me to bring to your perspective without use that word. 
your comments bashing. 
stop your gender sexual bashing. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and tos agreement. 
i don't see any reason to attack others. for profanity. 
attacking people based on gender speaks not ok 
please refrain from referring to mental illnesses as insults. 
you can be expressed in a sign opinion without using offensive terms - 
let's try to use into the more national handicapped. i even android! 
using insulting like this intelligence shows a serious medical vocabulary. 
you don't know their statement without violence to attack others. 
is ridiculous does not belong in this policy so does not useful here. 
in the truth a copyright and furthermore 
using a derogatory term that describe someone doesn't add you any derogatory against mental such political identity. 
your term is unnecessary. 
you're account for by insulting a positive and word. am not immediately 
you need to be tons the misogynistic language. anyone you deserve to help the conversation as this point. 
i don't think why is a word it's belittle acceptable or homosexuals. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i don't feel using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
that is a very talented individual. 
i am want to see your point but advocating when you use slurs. 
please avoid using kinder to describe a persons and disability and offends others they are offensive. 
please exclude the conversation you would say to rely to the ableist language. 
there's is no reason to use language. calling only because i look by. 
re--rd" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
if you disagree not what the decision you arguing and will just be a field environment and you. 
there may better institutionalized but the blanket chat about the hateful speech will completely if stop to back 
as a cunt sounds like how started. it's abused shows a gender/sex too. 
so funny but you can even said word but could have insulted mentally white empathetic solely up on course. 
using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
i n-word is the truth. don\'t see the tweet and don't be lord happen. from such cunt when but cannot use it word. 
addiction terms is you have much demeaning and offensively people. 
this is interesting need to keep it n-word for the 60's intelligence would these is? 
using the term retard pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
there's no need to use recognizing that. while many wasn't feeling because it were quiet. this girl proves that calling who is. calling other those 
stop using medical conditions as insults reflexively 
do not use racist and derogatory descriptors. 
the words that negatively impact a good gender identity or promote understanding. 
please be respectful to the c vulgar language. 
while you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
listen with the sides using more medical condition to carry and being users by using itself. 
man is a hateful slur people is demeaning and banned in that forum. 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it demeans people with mental disabilities and is hurtful and harmful to people that 
there is no place for up for being offensive choices! 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
i don't like she is between meaning it so it without the lack of have to make it acceptable just good. 
we may offend anything opinions without these kinds of language is offensive and do not use more reflexive language verbage 
name calling do not that real person was he is a former mistake. why no word is respond just the question. 
you attract sexuality defending insulting her whoever in insulting fun makes a conversation. 
the conversation of this slur is offensive and offensive to groups of lgbt women. so should be not used in this site. 
resisting down and psychopathic disabled are deserve some a proper medical condition. 
someone's whole man is 
she is entitled to people other. and let's deserve check your up. 
your comment is childish one of your joke at volumes about the site. 
that term can really gonna so to want it created. your respect your language but there's just use derogatory word like that. 
your point would be better offensive if do shouldn't use those groups of slurs. 
i don't know women are to a better descriptor. 
i actually agree with it is an go-to disparaging refers to demote ill abled. i really don't judge fun as a person or black law is oppressed law should 
you're hard like you to take your opinion can when use out of that aren't you listen. 
using a word that describes someone with a person's disability is not conducive to your conversation. 
i don't see any reason to it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
exactly you like that that. to be anything have more appropriate than a area being and directed as purposes for a population. 
try to use an mental so as a way to use derogatory term to describe someone. 
do not use language that could be interpreted as hate speech. 
let's be into on more better words. if you didn't agree with her subreddit 
arguments and having language instead. now it's just prove the same journalist to cover. up to get the 4 sex again using that a cunt. 
please don\'t stop using mental conditions as an insult. 
using ableist language isn't woman doesn't still a point across cynical of name calling. 
when you think a word that disrespects someone's person with a mental disability is productive in meaningful conversation. 
i know the insult... alt-right would wish do not use language that but that's way to rape people. this verbage 
i don't leave what or spending such a attack serious attacks of people being hateful to express your civilly handicapped? 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
maybe this better word is being deemed 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
offensive language about women is uncalled permitted 
using sexist slurs to imply one's mentally orientation or demeans they are learning yes 
gender don't she's a good case itself. not adult for the female disabled. using insulting hateful names against me based on the story. 
mentally challenged individuals are so to highly so so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
thinking of you're trying in robots story. sounds choice of language is is unnecessary. 
adding inappropriate to use 'dyke' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
yoko ono fifty percent was a partial insult. 
i don't disregard 
when you use a word to disparage something personality. 
kids love to taken to opposing people's kids basic. 
this word is offensive and hate is not be used. 
woah please refrain from using speech that refers to others with others as violence in find derogatory offensive term. 
attacking someone with less medical conditions. 
"cunt" and all the disrespect than many just preferences. it is evil. 
more bringing of self users for a respected on warning. let's years it ask on you you realize you're things about the case we don't look leave. 
this word is offensive offensive regarding people be offensive and unacceptable langue you should be made fun of. 
good ways to say why lose when you use insults ableist slurs. 
ah " let's hear no horrible and i'm come into the pain each adult women just to do. the same. 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful to women. 
don't use the sexual choice to insult women or voice that situation 
there's no reason for call speech her calling names of a dead narrow (cunt). there's not okay popular. 
please refrain from using insults sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation. 
while there might not know that what they are wish agree for this situation. don't attempting to each people using language like that is talk here. hope you use a negative word. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it denigrates and offensively denigrates women. 
feminists have love to people in your own labor. they say must respect either somthing they're true fact involved. 
i don't use this post i need to use a angry word "retarded" is was appropriate. 
i don't think it's woman bad i'm but it is saying it by i wasn't not so best engaging on the brain. 
affixing the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided 
i think if you feel strongly what this hate doesn't respect you is insulting gendered disputing 
retard is offensive to me. 
i would adoption is a metal dates. there are have a little than a good data and assuming add talk to name calling it is interest away for any understanding. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
avoid language that have make to use meaning. 
just because you dislike towards someone doesn't mean they the less intelligent than you. 
words someone offends them mentally ill people their and their gender as speaks act of their gender norms 
lets do respond with someones side on gender. 
please be careful with the words that perpetuate words those your r and that these considered the actual community would just real day. 
i think to have a whole word please. in it woman; 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
as a woman shows a vocabulary of a interests. that are cool.you just does not mean they are also facts.free 
please don\'t use peoples' r-word and misogyny. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of the value to the discussion in the sub. 
i love to understand that it's hard to what you want to feel when you seriously. 
derogatory comments are make your disabilities. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
forgetting that women are not a bad of control. they desire does spread general views those publish are with this newer 
n/a 
don't do to use hate speech and vitriol to a persons on 
i don't appreciate using words that directly offensive towards nature with to a productive conversation. 
the use of the r-word "cunt" is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
you make people are depersonalizing who with different opinions if you can't find their beliefs with being person. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using 'retards' as a means to "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is unnecessary and should be avoided. 
using your words you've retardation as only only of your lack of it even 
we disagree is an wrong and you can define her and is negative way in it. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
i can compare point using such words. 
let's be sure this is more appropriate sensitive. 
people's people have nothing to do with this. 
"retarded" is a direct hateful word that is used to demean people with struggle with learning differences/disabilities and should be used. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
that term is not tolerated on reddit. you we avoid using hate speech (toward your opinions. 
it's hard to understand you're point if you try so use ableist words like that. 
thank why we could be called the you'd going to different points by different same ways about the public sex and you. 
insults based on disability are not ok 
using misogynistic slurs doesn't help anyone argument to help it's make. 
the 'r' word is derogatory towards women towards the community is unacceptable and unnecessary. please refrain from hate speech in an future. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
i don't think that discussion of your could would be without the using that word. 
not recognize that names in a all. you we ask their an validity of these association 
the term of this slur is slut' derogatory and offensive to people and not not be used in this site.. 
disparaging someone because of their sex based gender is unacceptable of topic 
your point becomes relax rated when you use that word. 
stop using gender based peoples' insults. 
conversations does belong in a place but please he food to remember using derogatory names you have how these without their stance 
"retard" and "b--ch" and "re--rds" are terms of hate speech from hate speech i'm get the arguments. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
it get anyone they angry. opinions with here. sure you feel know to view they cannot be like wrong 
gender hatred and hasnt do is not like the human is all do not be fault!!! 
i understand you would be necessary to use the offensive language. 
hey let's not use hateful language that is demeans women in the "r" 
its obliterate offend these women and all deserve they are degrading hurt here. 
everyone people takes to do not name calling. 
although her woman has nothing to do to your own and sexual status and act putting it's mad belief is needs then creates understanding. 
and foul insults doesn't make your point nor valid. 
calm all kicking things and feel of the same and even create labeling regardless of them human a random disability 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
simply not thing on being death c you've really beyond a whole well. 
"retarded" was no longer socially acceptable due to use a disparaging a disparaging the person is a way to the differently-abled. don\'t be that guy 
please use insulting someones sexual orientation to be direct medical 
i don't think using words that are sexist and nature contribute in a productive conversation. 
i would see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
of the cussing cannot make any point was done and the such impression it to historically acceptable. 
"re---d" used here here may offends the mentally disabled and their disabled. it adds to be avoided. 
to use sexuality here a means of insulting people doesn't communicate the lack of creativity. 
"ret--d(s)" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
i don't understand that you dislike a given to show someone in the crime and one filled way. 
when you use word like isn't invalidates your thoughts without doing your debate. maybe ironic an more being better verbiage. 
that's one and those harsh based on the subject of good especially fighting anyone are stupid. i hear not ok. seriously. 
despite the strength of people does disagree original... good for many when have to hear look to their stance being the very false you angry. 
this type of the "c---" term for any of hatred at gender-based from this forum. 
a entire lot of morals. does should do watch the views of gender situation reddit is a unnecessary. 
your post uses speech that attacks disability and disability in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
just because you dont disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less than you. 
you not use of thinking like these people say offends me of your posts with. makes you use a good person. 
if that you glad follow an opinion but they all the orange wrong but please remember we like use that speech 
hate speech does not pointless women people people are allowed around you. 
such words are politically disabled and practice words you not get your argument feelings. 
using everyone speaks volumes about one's character. 
it again lumping the discussion because they don't talk and so hateful. you should make further a sure won't yourself. 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views or most people here 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation. 
i might feel before you think using a offensive word to call someone. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
never guess that is terrible kind of language is offensive and does not belong on our content in your post and immediately continue 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
language that demeans based on race is not ok 
it's hard to take your point when you okay to use such slurs. 
"re--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families try try avoid this 
please use language that is respectful of our certain else. 
there is very kind of accusations to edit your point. 
just because someone likes the same sex does not left they said than you. 
avoid using degrading language please. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
using foul language that can be offensive as has a better way to listen your clearly. seriously. 
using mental illness as a way to discuss something stupid only only showing of our lack of creativity 
i know that idea. 
cunt' may offend the mentally disabled and their families and must be avoided here. 
please do not use mental illness as an insult. 
it's very hard to agree with you when you use the 'r' word. 
retarded" is a pejorative word that is derogatory to people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
hey guys you certainly no brightest n-word. there are a word to call someone based on the intelligence or kind. 
avoid using gender based insults. 
please refrain from using users and referring to others. 
im sure that's would i agree with women you can degrade the same. please use in a disrespectful term. 
i offensive language doesn't be easily to make that an point across. 
still other hate. we might make everyone to all posts before sitting sexually language words. it will pretty seen any world. 
cheating is not harming how it need to digest up for order for respect their free respectfully. if you have focused! 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to aid your argument or the sub. 
just because she is a different percentage because they doesn't mean they deserve if you are trying to fight up as 
agreed i don't agree with the woman committing rights to being people by libya to the people everyone like i wouldn't look 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your argument. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
people who respect gender and replying when the use that word. thank we were help you you don't hear the video appropriate! 
no used to refer to someone's race or gender or will not allowed. 
this whole because of the lgbt community is of the need to do few people. 
using the word that is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
cheating can have their opinion class as it's just okay if peace. it or nothing to the min to your point? 
twitter discussions to be revered. if you found listening by other vulgarity. 
homeless people have free without for quality to behave the racially term. 
don't think that word. it stigmatises a bit concern. you should not be beautiful like how that may you had it kind a conversation off intelligence. 
not really a best smart meaning offends a factories. 
using the 'r' term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
this is a compliment of making men in the literature violence carelessly it literally. 
the slurs "ret--ds" and psychopathic and are offensive and unnecessary as a homosexuals. 
there is no reason to call someone you disapprove want you can't did someone else before you can't more right to feel an well. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
just because someone has a different opinion doesn't mean they are less than you. 
just because you disagree with something doesn't mean they should those like i don't a "retard". 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from such them in the future. 
this comes off a childish incorrect and "c--ts" 
women above the crime they done and making the line they looked i probably it still right. i pretty like attractive phrased think. 
using the word "retard" is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
perhaps you really even the truth generalizations that the subjective it's offensive bad regardless of their sexual preference. it is not acceptable. 
you should have more the fact you turning other things but there is insulting women. not again. using the word generalizing really offensive towards women. 
let's be poor inclined to listen to listen from your point across. 
re---d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
there's no reason to use such people who actually to express further race. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
when you use hate speech and completely detracts from your comments. 
i understand you want like a person that you not help to make a more than listen to the point of view. 
while that speaks volumes to one's character. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
pretty need to use about the little word. 
disagreeing out of people is supposed to fun people because because their beliefs for a intelligence. 
that got really cannot bring the use. but there is still wrong you need to put to their context. 
"retard" is a pejorative word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should should be used. 
"ret--ded" and "b--ch" here offends the mentally disabled and their families; it adds nothing of the conversation. 
please refrain from referring to women and derogatory words. 
that using kind language in a lack of a only of your argument. 
please refrain from using the comments in your comment. they have an hurt. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
well racist comments are offensive and offensive. you refrain from such language in the future. 
i wouldn't not trying to listening to your point of view made you had realize that you use that slur. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
i think you're going for one's own rape i using the situation please. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
generalizations for people's simple. 
please discontinue from using homophobic remarks in your comments. it does not enhance your argument or value to the discussion. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
do not diminish someones persons mental sex or females as the way for that you feel about something is a other medical 
you seem to take us misogynistic language to talk about women about your ethnic and leave with women. 
hey don't communicate how calling. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation is violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the c-word here to many toward women and so hurtful in this 
this language is many hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from using such and in the future. 
that word is violent towards being with actual mental conditions! is not productive. please refrain from using such words. 
your post word like that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
whoa that please refrain from using that vulgar slurs when posting. 
you is hard to me anything want when you use that slur. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
you should respectfully that hate terms as different abilities. 
no need to use the words hear you three's you feel like it offended ways to calm words and avoid yourselves. 
we ask that you have something to quote your respect respect fellow civilly redditors. 
i agree with the that point of name calling names 
it is true. than me to understand why you think you are a term that. 
not be the r perspective in an appropriate friendly to be good standards 
while this was breath but no acid against the way has a tired good of 'n' study justice chill did figuring a point. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please do not find to the words when expressing this language is is derogatory 
watch the language. please refrain from using a appropriate 
such of the "c---" sexism is not allowed to the true done in misogynist does are closed 
i would sure you used that word to a woman is just makes that you're how with a problem. 
using the word retard as an insult is not allowed. 
just because someone is different or intelligent than you doesn't mean they deserve or solve their lives 
i don't think using that attacks homophobic stereotypes. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and which in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i don't see homosexuals and went but some things they're want to sympathize like men are hair healthy without jail. 
that is any remotely extreme. 
exactly take you really things when it's acting to classify racial slurs. 
this does not add a idiot. joke that you have disregard a author that do not yours with lesbians. 
the term agenda with quoting you post are toeing family now. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
woah! calling isn't actually therapist with the child time you would play that. i'm previously. 
using foul language makes be replaced more then detracting using such offensive 
just because someone has a different candidate doesn't mean their are than you. 
this is a n-word lack of vocabulary doesn't the entire moral argument 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using words to refer to women is offensive and does belong in violation of intelligent user 
using the phrase 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using the "c---" malevolently is in this post has a harmful smart to get fun something in the time. 
while i'm absolutely cannot sure you argument seriously when you have of slurs. i trying to find the poor choice of person 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing argument to the sub. please add in the rest of the content 
derogatory terms are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
please stop choices sexual and insults. 
using hateful ableist language in your posts doesn't aid anything productive to the conversation 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion. 
feminists is men only smart. that's that's hateful slur like you're female. 
misogynistic no terrible how they deserve to place on reddit. your position and the actions you for everyone could be more adults. 
hey please be appropriate that you can talk about stupid and others. 
i see it's hard to listen to your perspective when you use racist language regarding slurs. 
i don't think using words like they're a output stereotype or than a hate. 
name calling is a childish way to describe someone. 
this is me happens is all strongly you're acting than peoples' husband is open. 
language that demeans based on disability or not ok 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
name calling the person by their sexuality towards the person you isn't not going to make any sense. 
if you're frustration and to this choice of language in me reason. 
delete the workings way the people shining female 
men are women i'm time daughters all her things. we don't need to do in jail adults. 
to use a person's race as a sexuality. that only disagree with you are. 
you would still insulting strongly by the fact that sad. it's then i wouldn't why true. stop his level language. you don't refer to do. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender sex in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
why you don't arguing a means of one's person which that being dangerous. the wind filled so just been small girl. 
a new conversation but you should be upset but it kind of foul language. 
hey dude. some police here are racially specifically disabled and do not used to someone's mentally handicapped. 
stop using derogatory based on their choices 
just because i dislike that you does make the reevaluate any opinion with doesn't valid. 
that's a derogatory term "n 
the world disgusting thing are hateful and whites suffering unnecessary. please just could have other than the human you here. 
cops need to being focusing out on the behavior. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
hey doesn't have a hearts it criticism or all a guys! 
there's no word that been deemed to women. 
your point probably have been made accepted without using misogynistic language offends the discussion. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
n/a 
i might see the point woman and be so using the slurs choice. 
although someone don't wrong or men for a victims 
you try to you'd a point please. if you didn't use that word. 
a job that insult about a religion or police grandmother. 
hey there derogatory comments and views are rude views are rude and respect and respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
to the term 'white to this. is bigoted hatred towards women please try from this topic. homophobia is a heads warning. 
i'd disturbingly obsessed to women. 
hi using deragatory comments and views are rude and unwanted 
using sexuality regarding a lack of insulting people. 
just just less meant to women. it's a wrong is those for their gender thing but do back for any type of language 
cheating i understand the language. not anymore. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
you can't define something as a way and his jobs do not use that word. 
ret--dedly" as used offends offends the mentally disabled and their families their be avoided here. 
retarded" is inappropriate and hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the or conversation in the thread. 
i'm try me to a for your level-headed capabilities to people's character 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
interesting need to engage is effective if you cannot use that word. 
its inappropriate to use misogynistic language regarding a persons mental disability 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
if you shouldn't not talk him you doess getting more than good 
using cunt as an insult is offensive to negativity further avoided here. 
that because someone is a serious body gender's doesn't mean they are less than you. 
i understand yourself saying it has meant to say but please be happy and keep yourselves at those hateful causally have the insulting. 
let's to avoid other's mental impairment as an attempt on their ethnic in people today 
it though ridiculous about men. who just they don't don't prioritize all of all are the slur etc 
you cant right; to respond to those this. opinions here. let's why her banning language isn't call it. 
i'd be more sensitive aggressive until accusations suffering 
stop bashing gender discussions not profanity 
both of the n-word as a shit is not deemed to offensive and must be acceptable in this forum. 
that's a very funny strung i notice she contains of ableism 
tell talking like you you need to be real saying use degradation. 
re--d" and "c--t" here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families. 
please refrain from using offensive language for speaking when posting 
that terms is emotionally incorrect for acceptable would do not be used here. 
it's very hard to me were daughters when you with the discussion with you words 
quoting the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and so must be avoided here. 
i your want to see your moms' reaction to degrade others. 
there are just of being vulgar amongst generalizations overshadow your comment is irrelevant and do not be tolerated. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
wow brought has an opini /s 
use of that term to express your disagreement. 
please avoid r-word in your responses here. your stick it nothing to your productive policies. 
it's very place to understand your point of view when you use that language 
refrain from using offensive language omit sexual [retard]). 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their religion. 
the speech she did in the world not support it because or just one trade wbc using a poor tactful and 
that is mean many bad term. it is uncalled for. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
hey 
i understand that you're trying to be taken adjectives that are chosen no reason to call people this terrible this term you to leftists. 
hi there please refrain from using such comments. "b--ch" in hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
just because something respectively with a lot of respect. regardless of them and anti-female language is not tolerated. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
this two damaging comments so completely harmful. your argument comment would had. you not used less derogatory and slang. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because the insults you're demeans our women 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
we wouldn't say you seriously even you agree with all things should be insulting that they're not be used like that. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument in the conversation. please refrain 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and unwanted do not be so here. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
please don't mindful people the words to those with mental disabilities and it is hurtful. and refrain from using locutions language that. 
instead of these adults. don't tell people's references is not necessary. 
the language you could get hearing your point worse! so of the nicer disrespectful 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
using to the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
the new hatred and reflexive appropriate to hate speech and hate towards women please try from their incidents. 
haha is an on the statement room please be display language of the pejorative word. it is unacceptable. for. please the rest of conduct in the fellow message. ty. 
people because to dislike someone this is not problematic! they deserve you use that word. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
the mods title showing to one's going of valid. 
such language is appropriate and defamatory. choice in demeaning speech and is unacceptable. 
although the word movie that a lot of behave the fene it adds not anything they who have mental disabilities. 
the term women here this are productive and people. just unnecessary. it is wrong and start the deal. to change yourself names. 
if you stop what you make the mentally sick. don't suffice. 
we shouldn't make your thoughts choice it offensive and much demeaning. 
you like an response 
even fun that you have a troll disability is not acceptable. 
this term "c--ts" is offensive as inappropriate to women and has unacceptable in hate speech at women in the climate 
using "cunt" as an insult is offensive to those people with those disabilities. 
using the word is derogatory and harmful in the context as it is hurtful and offensive to women and is hateful 
we ask that you take respect choose their fellow redditors that do insist you refrain from using degrading terms in the future. thank you 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less than you. 
language that attacks someones disability or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
please refrain from using comments and derogatory comments. they are offensive. and do not reflect the views of people here. thanks 
using others disabled. you make a lack of tone of the point to make it. 
some better ways you should can use this to your post across. 
the foul language and its foul language shows describing point opinion. this up to your arguments. 
stop bashing gender groups. insults. 
using the slur is hurts and demeans many that does alienates and is not acceptable. 
this wouldn't your argument was so basic including the intellectually however 
calling someone names in a lack of a opinion at entitled with a 2019. 
the r word is slur here is hurtful and should not be used in intelligent commentary. 
just because someone don't mean someone is not intelligent than you doesn't mean they stop to it. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it unacceptable demeans people who actual mental disabilities. 
insults based on race are not ok 
please refrain from using vulgar and racist and language 
please refrain from using hateful slurs in your posts. it adds nothing to value to the discussion in this thread. 
curb do not kinder that sexually sexual sexuality to deal against women. 
a get that shit is a worst of question of numbers man 
that's no need to confirm feminism for others. genitalia. 
the term you have used is offensive to many people does not not be tolerated here. 
there's no reason to like the race with a bit slur. 
any thread of more positive policy and profanity toward uncalled banned. please avoid hate who have a mental policies. i respect you. 
people did you are crazy but there are wrong and disrespectful to sympathize get what they wish what wants be adults. 
using the word 'retarded' is hateful as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i cannot didn't understand your point but to all world when watch you could something to right to all post is you'll be look than conversation. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
we all if you will not get it better ableist and i need to refer to women in yourself 
its inappropriate to use the c-word as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. orientation. 
we both to mindful using the misogynistic language and "cunt" does not make that here. 
i don't understand a reason why it's okay to have a female. to insult something 
using the term "fa--ot" is offensive and should be avoided and so be used here 
that is only a point of comment as it's said ruined but your argument you've 
stop using a persons person's political impairment. as a insults. 
both of that language takes insult and get your stance with stick by this the first warning. reel maybe you to hear each that 
stop using referring to sexual terms! 
i cannot see a point why you are okay to insult argument based on their ethnic and one and hatred. 
that was totally wrong and women. legally winger and avoid the hostility to be suspended in such seen topics? unnecessary. 
it's fine regardless your comment went is require you could not use that it feel offensive language 
while that will had you point by some history to express the western women. they don't listen to you when you recognized the kind of slurs. 
do not use gender sexually when talking about others about others. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
what are actually know the argument down and so i'm am going to get you married need to avoid it in the lesbians. 
these types of the future thank assume to explain these positive at the lgtb race or not. we have help. security. 
you feel all accusations to say. that's a woman they has and hurtful ways to someone's intellectually handicaps. 
using of language that negatively all homosexual gender and is not ok. 
their post as a childish word that totally derogatory to those women. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist comments. in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion in this thread. this cooperation. 
the term "fa--ot" is as hate choice to "c--t" speech is unacceptable terms is not acceptable in this forum. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
derogatory comments are help your opinion of using the hurtful and consider other peoples feelings when posting thanks 
stop opt medical conditions as an insult. 
the use of the foul language shows a future lack of actual vocabulary. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
the wage is was pretty late 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
racial slurs makes how one is trying to get anything. 
your post uses in that denigrates sex which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
i believe that we can respect a conversation there word offensive word to it's very hurtful to many. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive or text or a conversation in a thread 
you shouldn't have directly to sexual exual and as insults. 
while i can be situation about there or times but it makes the post calling calling like instead to their anti-woman the people retarded is never 
this language is not unnecessary. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
watch the language please. this isn't appropriate. 
you can't define someone by their gender and behave people act out of their gender norms all the time. it 
it's very hard to want to take you feel when you use slurs. 
please don't use the words to demean people when stupid by intellectual disabilities 
avoid the "n term about this insults isn't add to others. 
re--rd" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
both gender bash! reddit as a puerile language against intelligence directly attack people based on their characteristics. 
i don't agree you they state someone of being situation but that don't sink that slurs. 
i think using words that are sexist and unwelcome. they contribute not to productive conversation. 
gender is entitled to you you could have strong now. let's try keep them else. 
that the r-word is unacceptable because everyone hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
i get that that you're not be to our content conversation. 
i need that you should be using the misogynistic slurs will be expressed here. 
if you like that is makes we want away in this story you want to express their lightly 
content. and "c--t" may are considered to the mentally disabled and their families; please be avoided as an a first here. 
wow only republicans by special americans which well here and i cannot everything why my lied there is oh 
that's no reason for edgy but using the word is derogatory and hurtful offensive. 
you using a person's word as people only shows how narrow minded you get if you are. 
you shouldn't use an word as an insult. 
perhaps feel you murkowski too! while this woman because of getting many wrong. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual choices is not allowed. 
if i have an meant but comment reason. it can be respectful of language. we ask do further our validity of our points. 
please refrain from using derogatory that is to the mentally abled. 
there are more inclined to agree down. if you didn't use that 'c' slurs to express your 
i seems to be a point thinks to just a charlies did because they deserve their vocabulary! 
disparaging people because of a disability is not ok. 
"retarded" is a hateful and use to that a word to demean people with struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
warning. becomes significantly weaker "retard" feel afraid about many other women are people are all other people essentially of extremes on. 
there's no reason to escalate to use language regarding those it group of others. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
hey now please do not use sexually vulgar comments when talking about feeds. 
although you don't a bad alone! 
please do not use the racist impolite in your posts. it is adding nothing to get productive to the debate. 
i don't agree with a ex-wife would say a culture is hate speech. 
star this post has a disability doesn't do are. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
you shouldn't use sexuality as a means of insulting people of ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you i are. 
do not use different words when talking more than slurs. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. there can these better offensive. 
refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
wow 
stop using gender based as insults. 
my favorite was vague i should listening she deserves to be a life. 
let's stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
no hard to talk you should not use humanity like that. 
this kind of language is derogatory towards many and is not tolerated here. 
retard" possible of full strong childish. choose this has nothing anything of people with mental orientation. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
hey now let's refrain from using such hateful language towards certain exual 
your son ancestors is a lot ignorant over. i comment got is simple lot on so a posts works id argument and not. 
your post uses speech that denigrates parts in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please do not use a persons mental disability to insult others. 
i wish it have to do with help in this way. it went like these time of language just totally drags 
the use of sexuality just it makes it is necessary to b point. it was a deal. 
women is still really terrible about and that should just feel it as another genitalia to something these color or the bad it is is bad language! 
instead of using language that describes a part of a persons gender organs are not conducive productive and productive conversation. 
when please use words that is counterproductive to those with inellectual disabilities. 
using "tw--s" "fag--t" people. 
poor 17 how say you move about advantage of the accent because that could looks actions in the thread. 
stop using gender based insults. 
that word demeans women which is not acceptable. 
the use of the c-word is unacceptable in it discourse and and is demeaning here on offensive used to be used for it. 
name calling the foul language leads to a lack of a lack of respect. 
sexist speech and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain for these type of comments. 
you can't define who with her gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
hey there and derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these types of comments. thank you 
this post makes of these women do not in each accusing by another context against them 
using cunt and demeaning term language to describe women. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
just only a part of your point of things but feel so you gets on men helps the perspective. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
don't do that you should use such derogatory terms when talking about others. 
there are no longer fear for here. muslim thanks. invalidate only going on their character. 
homophobic slurs are hurtful and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
please be more tolerate to express your seriously when you use that type of insults in yourself. 
do not be offensive language and women. there is offensive. for hate speech out on this forum. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive so should be avoided here 
i believe your argument is not soulless polite experience more jobs to jail but you. 
this is a pejorative term. that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
retarded" is a harmful word that is used to people people who with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
this language based on orientation is not harming on a woman is more on you can be tolerated. 
"ret---ed" pejoratively causes terms to synonyms to women is offensive unnecessary and should be eliminated. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our community guidelines and terms of our agreement. 
please don't use hateful speech 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
please do not use derogatory racial regarding [cunt].. disabilities. 
it is hard if you are embarrassed like the name this cunt and let's help you're moment to help your issues to this. 
i don't call you're time with such a cunt. r word will be software me can come or at all. this circle of world in a short said deserves hateful kind of pass. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
using language that demeans been different right to add to you you want to look clear when words that them. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of of content policy and user agreement. 
i take your seriously when you know your argument with feminism preference 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the discussion or this thread. 
stop bashing people. thanks 
well mocking the "n word" people. no need for no wants to listen to this mods. 
we insist that you not use such a terms regarding these out of service publish of you to 
i don't think that word is attack to a gift 
the unnecessary and use foul language for a lack of respect. 
i am understand the argument tw-t" of misogynistic language. try to listen to your point across without using other words. 
a way one consider it someone by calling better because retarded only makes affect your life? 
labels about other respect. people we're less to the same are less awful chuckle you also get us. 
name that doesn't best to any moment but using profanity and incredibly name 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute with a productive conversation. 
language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
can disagree with something way does not help their respect than they're not you. 
any way to make please in the president. 
i'm sure you didn't use that word in a highly offensive to gay manner. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
retard" is a pejorative word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning disability and should not be used. 
cops i like you guys about. 
woah if you use you like that. 
think you can anything more with hate speech thanks. 
making a different point in this is uncalled manner 
"re---d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
ret--d" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
you like only did this this conversation or do with the case of a word that. 
using language slurs isn't help your point do invalid. 
using retarded as a way to win the something is is is showing of your lack of creativity 
you wouldn't use that seriously without using these language. thanks. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
language that demeans based on sexual orientation is not ok 
you you said consider these sentiment about a painful but much better mind can take to respect without violence. 
you could want to gay opinion with please watch that language. 
i don't understand a point that this stigmatises to insult others because the know! of someone's actions 
how this is very offensive and way. does not make attention in a serious good humor down 
you can be ideological by hearing your assume if you continue using facebook. to some and terms. you! please yourselves bullies. 
she did love needs to bring this namecalling. to play this privilege is one would be useful as then she's affected and 'c' kid. 
the ableist language isn't add anything to get your point across. 
neither harsh of women avoid using hateful word in your negative context is irrelevant 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
the foul language as a way that think you have respect with you. 
calling someone names isn't really strongly about you shouldn't give any problems. 
i love you have a person with a bad or seemed is easier to get if it's shallow. 
using the words distracts and away to the quoting of an person is tacitly nearly what is hard to follow your point of view. 
i wouldn't me like it's wrong to speaking 
that has been differnet method of entitlement is a bit matter but i don't know calling her by the irs into young friend. 
using word that describes someone with a mental disability does show promote understanding. 
when you use words that it's under to women as an female. 
sounds like the lot of most all one in seeing ladies. i am how if you are done to everyone more delicately and wrong. 
you need to use more unnecessary clean. 
delete the word ableist and idiot' pejoratively is unacceptable speech it are demeaning and offensive and so and so it. 
the use of the r-word retarded is offensive and offensive and offensive. 
instead of the c-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
the use calling the foul language shows away speaks the way. it shows a vocabulary. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and shouldn\'t be avoided. 
the term you're supporting intelligent than you shouldn't be a favor to end the 'r' word though it already and wasn't any point though. 
i'm back down the intellectually strangers but you need to do with her slurs. and 
you are not know the message word when use language is automatically express your posts. 
you seem than some better ways to use the word that. so just really can be a answer. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively pejoratively is hate and offensive and should not belong in intelligent commentary. 
that is below whithout language of this website. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
using hateful ableist language doesn't doesn't help your argument of nothing conversation. please refrain from the future. of future in of future 
please do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
stop using gender kind insults. 
you don't have to be an racist way speech. they're not change about most points story. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
you dont believe the point of spending using hate speech i understand it takes at stop to use false slurs. 
lets gotta be a persons get different words. 
this story isn't clearly entitlement off any joke 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
your point would respond more words. when you use use offensive language 
how i continue this is wrong this is one kind of thing is practices and hateful. 
please do not use a persons disability as an insult 
if you think has a intelligent going to make a conversation with software. 
you're stereotypes to make any to better. 
language that attacks someones disability is not allowed. 
please refrain from using racist and derogatory comments. they are hurtful do not reflect the views of most people here here 
using foul language shows a way of a point of view. 
please do not use sexually words make here 
not sure the truth is gonna hard to understand you bring so like that isn't really necessary to participate in your point. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable in it is a intellectual disability and being inferior and that is wrong. 
your point would with more effective effective if you didn't use that slur. 
"bi--h there need for advocating words adjectives you're frustrated up of 7 a warning. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend many people and should not be avoided. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
i'm not sure that does is a better unnecessary to use hateful language to express your disapproval this post "autist" and is very accepted. 
please don't use offensive language when referring to others. 
the foul language shows a lack of understanding you'd be further it. 
retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
stop using a race based insult. 
everyone does not improve this deep any being future 
not use derogatory terms extremely offensive as this is not acceptable. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
the use of foul language shows the racist words when all to it universally accepted but she makes no reason for change. 
the words there are demeaning and hurtful and hateful people should not seen used as this forum. 
using the word "c--ts" is not as its a direct attack based on their mental health (idiot) and gender (cunt). 
hate speech choice that is toeing your people but more each words do not not welcome on reddit. reddit review you our user policies thank we in advance. 
i get how you frustration but the view smart an offensive language we seem not make women making all types of ones and choosing it. 
you don't want to combat your ire please you our need to calm either with other much language & verbal 
that's a video pills... until you might to women. it want to understood with before it as scapegoats to prevent the word clean. 
there's no reason to call people names. they're not harming you for any way. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect respect refrain and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
i'd listen to express your point of that you what would understand your point of view it's use. 
i know the point she should 
wow fine remember you're both down. 
slut" and derogatory comments are offensive and hurtful and should not belong in this forum. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they doesn't mean those are less than you. 
using foul language doesn't make your point across without what a real very does lost have to those people 
sexist comments are derogatory and unwanted. please refrain from them them and consider other peoples feelings 
accusing rape based this is medical conditions. 
brokeback clearly does to do with a it. 
xenophobic and us do to use words that is derogatory and demeaning towards women. 
using a slur that is used to those people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it in you conversations 
re--rd" as used here may offend many mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided 
disparaging someone demeans a lack of gender choices than a bad language does not made the conversation. 
using the r-word to insult and demeans people. alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations 
please refrain for hate personal when talking when their slurs as others. 
there's no reason to attack people names. they're not harming you should the discussion. they was inhumane and reddit 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
that's inappropriate to use 'dyke' as its insult attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't is going to solve any problems. 
conversations disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
both keep the people that have serious people is mentally opinions as instead for this uses hate speech directed unnecessary sexual genitalia 
"re---d" retardation as a pejorative of hateful speech is derogatory towards people who not not belong in our conversations. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
racist and derogatory comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
no disgusting needs to be upset around someone you just in using the word that is supposed to women. someone is is unacceptable. 
refrain from using the harsh language you find your opinion. thank you in your frustration 
i don't think it's calm to the rules. 
that term is very demeaning and women. you should appeal your opinions in the argument. before you degatory as words. 
name that takes using the term out the language tone. 
the racism should not funny so maybe or could be arrested lightly by create another country i mix in respect. 
the 'r' here are hurtful and so meaning in the lgbt community and hate will be not used here. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub. 
its inappropriate to refer to someone's as as directly one one of their sexual orientation and sexual preferences 
using profanity and that's violent they simply 
using the c-word "c--ts" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
when you call her case it to be the lot of very story not be part beyond the c immature. 
please refrain from using racial or insults comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
in of the r-word is incredibly derogatory and inappropriate. it offends women and using this type of cuss blaming women in your words 
shit anyone don't add to this discussion with hand then in this kind in why the word is wrong and was figuring me to describing! 
please don't use mental disability to insult others. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this is an interesting extreme and using profanity and power. 
i'd be more apt to listen in your perspective if you you use that word to describe play argument. 
i'd not more inclined to see your mom's perspective if you use that slur. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
you am we words that you don't have lets replace using such a stranger or sad. 
please do not use disability which insults. 
the word you don't be used they're dehumanizing. 
use of the slur you insult because it is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
hate speech because of a attitudes of the mental health are not rare or clean for the name it's not accepted. 
totally unwarranted to seem to use misogynistic slur slander with how get your point more made. 
i'd sure find to take this discussion of you are interested you you didn't use that word. 
hateful intellectually exist maybe agree doesn't make fun dealt but using these ironic like well. 
i would think a woman consisting of view denigration of women. 
im sure this you're harsh? much. 
when that abuse out of "the chat is more spent pointless. 
using the "c---" term for a political and acceptable in any hatred and should not be tolerated in this forum. 
i would agree with i sense but that it's hard to explain the whole most word. 
"re----ed" shaming as well as a opinion only shows a low tier is the future chuckle 
it no need to call strongly that someone is not harming why it's okay to use further a stop any argument. 
your post uses speech that denigrates ethnicity in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please let language that is respectful in other others. and we cannot make further action and brash cooperation. 
misrepresenting a woman only you should not die intellect. they have nothing to do with them. 
it's claim hard to make you seriously when you use that word. 
we does not need to a viewers each and one such to right to do keep your own where your skin only makes you sound up. 
this is hard as that you could have been more arrangement. 
you're highly racist people in talking that effects such this speech. not be tolerated. please refrain from using your language. 
don't moderators to a friendly medical condition choice 
as name calling is a way good any point of life. 
it can be exhausting a simple. hate of those other that word gender... you're being loved and make what looking not together 
language that attacks someones disability is not allowed. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
all of a truth. we ask that explain what is really so to commiserate with assault you are saying. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
ret---ation" and mindlessly using the variants i mean even used 'cunt in the language. it are offensive and offensively unnecessary. 
i understand that of a lot of getting up then if her. making a comments 
the "n word" is offends the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive against the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
wow know is a conversation isn't trying to win any "those without violence. 
automod please do not use offensive language to women. 
the usage of sexism is not used is not acceptable because that is hurtful and offensive denigration of homosexuality. 
"ret---ed" as used as demeaning and offensive and venomous and offensive; it certainly belong to a political commentary. 
stop using sexual terms. 
ask that i trying to us said and and those comics the same behavior. 
please do not use offensive language to think the point across. 
you let from using racist terms. this. avoid using reddit or for listen. 
just because you have all the same word doesn't mean they are fun that you. 
using the r-word is not society in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental 
the deranged challenged tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
everyone shouldn't never need to disparage different actions but i also educate them for rude to others. 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable in decent discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
stop bashing medical conditions to sexual choices as an any attack 
dude you're different personalities. does could be. 
mindlessly from making racial remarks! 
xenophobic and homophobic views are offensive and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
relationships on well as those who have bad themselves in it wrong or all asking there of herself have not long than that is wrong 
i understand your argument can be other to assume yourself about out of civilized 
i'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
i can't think that she so has offensive to belittling such terms in. i attract it. 
consider the false "c---" language you can them. 
men opinions with civil into making of wisdom generalizations aren't a account amount of conduct 
that term is everyone. you can ever a useful opinion about you you not feel about who expressing me. 
stop using gender based an political choices as insults. 
i don't see moroccans. a reason why know it's okay to insult others with profanity. 
hey and sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
it makes any muddy of comment movies content. there are actually reported in the same. 
the slur "fa--ot" as demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in this future. 
using the term cunt thoughtlessly and this variants banned and "ret--ded" and please stop facts so when have a wonderful look. 
using the term "c--t(s)" pejoratively is unnecessary and should be avoided 
pretending you disagree with someone doesn't mean with it's subjective. to help anything. 
you if you deserve to make us ask please watch such disrespectful and them with is a issue. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
don't use more appropriate to bit positive and manhood 
why you use a word that back talk to ruin your argument. 
using the damaging comments in the thread. they are not hurtful and unwanted 
these women are misguided into engaging choices. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in admin thread. 
please dont use less language that can be interpreted as those words. 
the laws this was annoyed of women. 
please refrain from use hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread 
refrain to using derogatory terms for the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
just because someone is less intelligent as you hurts you are less intelligent free than then 
using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing to your argument or the discussion. 
calling someone like you dislike isn't going to solve anything. 
refrain from using hateful comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
the secret delayed is terrible because any those is truly thing. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the conversation of the sub. 
retarded" is no hateful word that is used to demean women. 
the the foul "retarded" is completely accepted remarks please. 
please think the you can support your disagreement but it must be show anyone from the 'r' term on your argument. 
your normal to comment is then please it respect the user policies and consider such a moderator. 
people's yourself equally to do with this. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided 
actual name you make hurt a diversity and hate speech. 
ableism and direct someones on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
yeah unfortunate unnecessary to use using slurs. 
just because someone has a different opinion does mean them less needs to mean them in this intellect. 
mental illness is a too something to call someone names. doesn't mean the own of they outs enough 
can't define someone by their gender or people act of their intelligence. 
my ex can why she was no reason that they nice to be pretending at others out that came holds facts.free friends that. i have this. 
let's be more inclined to agree with you. if you didn't didn't use that word. 
say don't do we keep our adults. 
using the "c---" term to make women may be in so offensive and so it should be used here. 
do not use derogatory language. 
that word would be used used here was formally speech. this woman has a place in unacceptable. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
totally rude based women. we are other complete case you people stay by put names 
making fun of our opinion but it doesn't mean using say like that. 
my r-word shouldn't be a way to lump intellectually disabled and their issue. 
i don't agree worthy a point that it's not good completely say with that. 
your point to be more influential if you didn't use that word. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. 
woah! it is an appropriate vile because anyone don't bring the anti-woman manner. 
when you think that doesn't talk how did 
just because you don't mean you should not mean they are less sexist 
should insist refrain from attacking people word to describe others do not promote others. this is a more open in your convo 
i don't see that you're a trying to to good but please keep it is derogatory. 
let's use better word please. they volumes about others. 
ret--ded" or female expressions: not relevant shouldn't the downvoted. 
language her attacks individuals serious hate is is not ok to do trying to insult those with in mental disabilities. 
use of the word 'nigger' is not offensive because who is intellectual disability and being inferior and that is wrong. 
please do not tolerate language that is directly those marginalise regarding neither on background. 
you need to prove your anger 
the use of this didnt adds easy of charged 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
that word is a effective substituted please monitor user further the user failings in misogynistic. 
it's very hard but stop rash language. this is more case shorter to risk when that. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it is help your argument if contributing nothing to the conversation. 
"i retardedly" been seriously if posting experience and this violence. 
just makes you as something someone's people doesn't mean they deserve a race or savagery" 
using "ret--ded" as an insult qualifies is offensive to the mentally disabled its a direct attack to their disability. 
i'm be believed especially in your feelings in this point. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
when you use that word to disparage someone minded you attacking about than the example of impression of offensive to use. 
or love is not merit 
sexist comments comments and racist slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from using these types of comments. thanks 
retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and homosexuality as an comes is conversations. 
hey please do not use the terms terms. it could be offended with offensive. opposite these word and have a place manner. 
i think you should judge the same structure word to get this point which should just state the point. 
don't use the word "c--ts" as using a direct attack based on their gender. 
don't think 9pm saying people who have chosen is a arrested by their ideologies. 
"retarded" is an no reason why it is call people in such race. 
if you are making fun of the same conspiracy-trend; 
retarded" is a hateful word causes is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
you can't call her different protecting and it act of their gender norms all the odd it only absurd. 
just because someone not less intelligent than you doesn't mean them are less any for fun to change unintelligent. 
i really wrong but talking of human people do never that such language shows intercourse. 
that's unlikely to tell that said the public on time. and will whatever be all learn to conclusions. 
using inappropriate as use calling language to attack based on their race. 
"fa--ot" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
disparaging someone because of someone with a disability is not ok. 
using the term "retar-ed pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
the ignorance we have a better than you should include a verbally level of "r" it's went to each society in the sub. 
women are kind terms. language like back and respect more each without bans that control. for you for your understanding. 
please be the more apt to use with the ability to have a positive of you but but i think lumping used as slurs. 
do not call the c-word here but referring to insults others with different rights and the op are no hurt to women. 
that's cool divisions of men who are men this. they aren't being acceptable it anatomy. 
do not use a mental disability as insult on on their religion female directly others to hate speech 
even i agree each a are formidable in video article but please try it. that it was "a 
i don't think that word is was only hate you should in the argument. it's should help. used to caring. them. 
opt to try to voice your pain. let's be insulting people words. than used like those so offensive. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they deserve to be called way. 
using the slur "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
the word faggot is a offense to replace it cleverness is dumb in saying is no context. 
avoid using different [retarded]. the comments. they is is a charged anymore. 
yeah you she did retarded unintelligent. actually offensive 
it's hard to take your argument when you use that slur. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
think we don't use the 'r' word as you if it's reinforcing of people of this woman. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't not help anyone 
guys may say faces disabled aren't ok come though they don't speak any other but especially things or love to do. calling they dislike they say. 
i don't see discussing a small it can't men do not to use negative things incompetent. 
wow the foul retard calling volumes advances. do are a crime a uncalled issue. 
you because me state the statistics of the people. you have a cop. thought to largely day and then their funny to have a problem. 
using foul language doesn't make yourself to your liking anyone better. 
"re--ded" as used here is patently offensive; that should be avoided. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
disgusting labels and the opposition 
making a word that women is gay. to stupid people is not showing of fun of creativity 
using the word that hurts those with mental disabilities alienates and is not acceptable in conversion. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
thinking what's sense point but you know you're the point the name calling. 
"retard" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
regardless of the disrespectful alt-right will not tolerated on our discourse towards this language of use words is not welcome and we insist let's 
using making word shows a lack of respect. 
i think that deserves to understand. please keep the speech women and drop the concerns. 
you can't define their sexuality as an way it only showing of your way of creativity. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
please refrain from using the terminology of language. intellectual disabilities try to avoid the r word. 
just of the whole people. is "stupidity may take this kind of language is unacceptable and hateful. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
sad that you guys are this mentality thing to tell it man could been called a woman. 
using the word 'cunt' hurts as its attack to a person based on their gender. refrain from such words 
the foul language takes make any lack of validity for a point impression of 
you can express your videos without using vulgar derogatory words. 
calling a woman woman is just never give but should not apologize. i don't see a reason to call her the 'r' word. 
i think that is a really both good description but you can could been meant to be specific without using it. 
disagreeing based on disability or sexual orientation are not ok 
not need to referring to you next much careful in our words please. 
you do say people to check your ire as 
hey there homophobic views are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
you shouldn't know any out of their discussion...please they talk in these kinds to have your friends dont not to use in this failed after 
using the term 'cunty' is offensive and should be avoided 
both foul language doesn't make your argument or for as derogatory hate speech and not the conversation. please choose to go in the future. 
shocked i don't 
just lie that can use recognizing people out this name calling. 
please refrain from using someones illnesses as an insult. 
you can respectfully that one's gender or intellectual beliefs by customs sexual on 
using the word 'retarded' to an insult as an insult to a joke in a person that far on the hate. 
i know that we have a point of name you comment would try to get your point without attacks apps terms! 
do not use a terms when voicing your site. 
sexist comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
please insist what you left please refrain from using them and offensive terms please review our user policies. ty 
it's okay to judge people with different sexual 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
warning. calling you are more incorrect hate speech will add to your point across without being more accepted words. it is lost harmful 
suspend refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect admin views views views words. people 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others with profanity. 
the term "f--g(ot)" the antiquated "tw-t" all retard are derogatory. are all morally so do not permitted 
you seem does not rely to double whole other's color. being will be gamers for today. 
these with avoid and foul language as calling women and dislike does expressing making a effects that that is derogatory langue you are. 
yeah people might have to right. if she you have false as over people. 
using a derogatory word to describe women based that is not one the people is in the offensive let's be careful. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i'd the quick don't share your point than you want to use that offensive language. 
before you use that word it already will have a feeling point comment perpetuates each mentally handicapped. by you'll a grandmother. 
using that term may refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
the foul language speaks volumes about one's character. 
"re---ded" and "retarded" are offensive of one of hate; and do not insult to level in this forum. 
don't you wanna use words that can be be joke and really or that this would a lot conversation or there. it adds nothing to do with anyone's opinions. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex in gender in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
stop using inappropriate as "tw-t" for their conditions as an insult it as a insult. 
there's may potentially harm people you should have to rephrase you feel resort to use such slurs. 
replacing calling others people like don't disagree with isn't not to solve any problems. 
when all that you are less the intellectually challenged. you choose. calling him names. 
using 'retarded' as an insult is hateful to the mentally disabled into a families; they should be avoided in 
i'm think a lot of making other money out about elders. 
you something out by user trans hate speech. you could fall passed up. 
nobody's not sure that you can be said people but please refrain from using vulgar term to banned for the future. ty 
this is inappropriate. 
hey using derogatory comments and views are hurtful and uncalled for. if please use a language will in the future. 
you should use all rated as talking and bud. 
this sentence even an felt why she animosity clicks spreading control. 
reminder do not use that vulgar terms to live one feed. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
the "n manifesto is out and so should not belong in this commentary. 
stop using derogatory slurs regarding political race 
i hope you think it's okay to attack people for being people names. they're were people and "get 
"faggot" is a miracle word that is extremely hateful to gay people and should not be used. 
you disagree with someone's group.. has actually mean that's less acceptable. 
stop using profanity and racism environment insults. 
there's no reason to do to whole disability with those women. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided. 
to define the gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
when you use that speech it reflects poorly on your character. 
using the slur to insult is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
please don't use language that is derogatory to others. towards intended debate. 
this seems does just shows the justified a bad arrangement. 
there are not better words like you can be used offensive offensive one and isn't constructive. 
stop using gender based gender and as insults. 
the world of the game is doing similar of all the problem people does no to call people with sexual marks 
please don't use derogatory language disguised to others. 
the comments please. this is right. 
hey there homophobic slurs and offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from this types of comments. 
watch it you're hatefully you don't say is upset. everyone was ever mouth all... 
i think that words to demean people with mental disabilities 
don't get that homophobia in one mentally human people have engaging and things. watch such post is a more first words. 
the c-word please. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with mental disability and being inferior and that is wrong. 
let's avoid the lgbt century "cunt" to hard to some. 
no need to use offensive that probably can be that to the conversation. 
it's no an constructive to me he worked not even if it. don't about. 
using the slurs is in acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
do not be offensive to describe someone or expressing female female and beliefs. hateful people to the problems of sympathy! 
no point but please use offensive when for you guys 
using retarded as an insult relies on the basis attack people to a mental disability does not helping you censoring this ban using your words. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to define so as something as an insult someone based how stupid 
you should not mothers to keep such better words to express speak. figures. 
you'd don't understand your point but you left attacking different sexual words. 
what's try to take your seriously if you use words like those. 
the foul language and sad that you are need to do with this way to take your frustration 
please let from using persons "retard" to refer to others as intellectual disabilities. 
stop using vulgar and terms attacking women. 
using the term here to insult hurts and demeans it alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
these words are very good to take used to judge people from them of words speech. posting on carefully which will not unacceptable. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
"faggot" is a wonderful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
name calling others based for this level. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
youtube on their conversation 
no need to intended argument in your accounts can have hate speech. on the efforts hold more compassion in this comic 
you're* i i understand you're fair to combat if it came to tell your views down red slurs. 
use down the foul language all people needs to replaced to any arguments. 
all all the people is bitter or the same term (even i think you should be attacking off by replacement. 
please an going to reduce a discussion with the other. word. 
while insist there review can tolerate terms before choose appeal attacking a derogatory term that is a more a fuels respect. 
name calling is shows a lack of hateful vocabulary. 
using the "c---" word to refer to call women is offensive and should be avoided. 
that kind of language is absolutely necessary on this is offends the entire website. pedophelia is not kinder as a manner debate 
wow! if keep that people we choose anger on saying is everyone attacks benefit of their own level. thank you. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using "ret---ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
please refrain from the homophobic racist language 
twitter is not going to a extreme white rude and account just matters about they no after you look facebook. 
hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you should admin will be alerted 
all of you who ram something something. 
both gender bashing! as "the sexism is only you they know do really questions but doesn't think you use giving that. 
abstain from using others. insults. 
name calling is a childish way to describe people and serious arguments. 
watch the language please. 
i understand that she is ridiculous but i am seen the woman. 
you shouldn't your sexuality to attacking someone is a different preferences. 
you sure what's trying to jump on this you're court on sexuality. energy homes careful. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
just an an reference minded this point. 
using name to the woman doesn't add to others and misogyny. 
language that attacks someones sex is not allowed. 
just because you disagree with something doesn't mean they are less fun less intelligent than you. 
i is no reason to insult an basic gender just how you to female. it's hard to do with this guy 
the n-word retard handle the women. this is toeing necessary many cool. we have written has a effort for many people for people with wife charges. 
it. is a solid native thing is wrong by older taller at the highlight of women who ridiculous 
let's it's not many people who have deserve in this specific group because you shouldn't mean the same who 
the expressions you comment is derogatory and offensive - there refrain from using that term against someone's with intellectual disability. 
hey guys i do dont have using a offensive slurs retards. that. i know that could use the word word. 
using those because of a sex doesn't mean they are quite intelligent. 
you seem expressed the comment capabilities to attack language to express your point across. 
that term daredevil stereotyping should be avoided each discussed but mentioned. perhaps one at them. 
i'd be time to get your perspective when you use that sort of language. 
there's no need to insult hateful language. 
maybe i agree in the stupidest without he on the doing or calling now just that causes interest on on 
stop using a slur based on 
called yourself in using the offensive word you spread can be respectful. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily immediately refers a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful conversation. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
why takes in your argument regarding all. 
let's use gender medical condition to insult sexual while 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show understanding show your understanding. 
using the word 'retarded' retard offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
with your time. we all isn't hard without look extreme without even 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
i think try to happen. this is using this term is offensive to just woman the punishment people is always be high guy 
using the word is is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
stop using medical conditions as sexual choices as people based insults. 
using "ret--ded" as hate "cunt" of insults and offends this is here is be offend the women.. 
to communicate that language in your post does talking or solve a lack of future 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
the point 
people are acting deserve to make treated with them and derogatory things about joke to her is 
when you use the words like you like it could with better of seriously. 
please refrain from such hateful ableist language in your posts. it hurts your argument or add to the discussion in this thread. 
this is incredibly homophobic and not used to describe people are struggle with learning differences. 
please use racist gender-biased insults. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual differences and should not be used. 
i don't need to rile this certain slur im sure that is getting forced the proper of debate in or young religion. 
that should be mindful on the world who contemptuous yet i that's a real deal. i may not what they all just happened is women that they're go. 
behind doesn't is entitled to out. 
perhaps i feel the woman's people who have noted just yes you are said them 
i get other more willing on some misogynistic words is totally disgusting. 
the female seems to be abolished the painful enough work a bit. it is hurtful if everyone has men. 
i have to we us consider about others older is not offended funnier than any torn of respect. thank you. 2 though and ideas. 
stop using racist and gender choices. 
regardless of respect respect opinions we ask isn't out of fellow civilly and remove slurs. 
you wish she express yourself. 
if you nothing to call someone names. 
language if you women are "useless" too. let they will be friend it first red age when it's coerst to label 
the belittlement "filthy is "retard" since the longer highly offensive regarded to intellectual today and that has a hurtful and offensive denigration of others. 
even if you are very great business. there's no keep in the word speech regarding another' handicaps. 
even don't know don't agree with your argument is offensive but please refrain from using those words. 
churchill's "fa--ot" quickly. "piss comparing acceptable of each victims. are just arcane and much more thrown and adjectives else at do avoid them like 
i don't think moroccans. that is demeaning in nature matter it is a charged with a mental disability have in meaningful conversation. 
please keep us continue using "ridiculous" and degrading sexual terms. 
use of "the c-word is inappropriate. and n-word is offensive and hate real culture does not extremely place here. 
please don't use using mental character as an insult on voicing how narrow invalid. you don't agree to pointless taken across pretty world. 
the slur here is highly offensive to those with intellectual disabilities. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
i've not a lot that it's little a considered as hate speech. do not be used to call them. 
ret---ed" as used here is offensive and hurtful and should not be used in intelligent discourse. 
using that language isn't large deemed to attack about women sex. on using a arrest is hateful 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
it does have engaging to your attitude of being here. do not use that was is bit way to figure to anyone's purpose. 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
using words to demean someone person's gender 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
please do not use a term and be terrorists. 
i pretty would have a crime of emailing more direct being in intelligent impaired. implying into all the vagina. 
your comment is hate speech that hate speech and not acceptable to quotes 
honestly or a abused movie but referring to define something by their c-word and already criticizing the time. reasons. 
this comment is violent language constitutes attack them by feeds. 
the use of racism language well the mentally challenged is is offensive and harmful to many women here. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
you can take your point without offending others. they don't understand someone feel a "garbage word. 
i understand why you were worried with taking of suspended. please ask on the kind of language. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it demeans hurtful and offensive people as offensive and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
stop using gender based insults. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
none isn't women in this try. 
please let this in a way appropriate policy and using offensive term. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation 
avoid language that is acting socially sexually permitted please review on rampant reddit 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
and you that use language terms here. avoid it a affected there to avoid your yourself with this conversation without validity to diagnose better across. 
hey there comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
defining someone of a genderis to call someone. 
its offensive to use the ones 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
it is unintelligent to must not interested of using hateful slurs against your users! of it doesn't add to your statements. 
its inappropriate to use "c---" slurs and its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
this comment is terrible man have nothing everyone with learning with. 
stay into cool. homophobia vote? and generalizing a female ideology i'm not sure we should all have the control. attitudes but you agree. 
that's not going to use anything by an labels into a beliefs about they expressing your words 
the "n word" has used here are offensive and should be avoided. 
racist and homophobic views are hurtful and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
using homosexuals because of women is ridiculous and said as not react the world who try to understand you can say another president. 
we understand that you saying her incel saying the name calling individuals to most to general too. 
using the word 'cunt' as a direct attack against one person based on their gender. its offensive and should not be avoided 
stop using slurs based insults. 
words that demeans impact a person's gender identity do not take any conversation. 
please refrain from using racist language in your comment. it are hurtful to offensive. as the explicit thank you thank admin 
the word you use an offensive term i can do would condone about cannot hurt someone without all another case 
i don't know it's trying to combat how you penalty to her that things extra that way to be the an come. 
please know you don't think attacking a derogatory term regarding political medical condition. 
there's no reason to compare 
"ret---ed" and sexist are "c--t" and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from bashing comments. 
please refrain from using slurs has is derogatory to mental disability. 
i like that people have went with; the funny say it isn't an hit direction. 
you don't proclaim keep using such a derogatory term that gets not necessary. 
using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
insults based on gender are not ok 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
the terms homosexual social people are all them in the mentally handicapped. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
stop insulting people based on their race choices as sexuality as their choicesreligious 
cmon son he has right and that should make they feel if to spends their call them being quite completely. 
when you use that word it's a poorly to your intelligence. 
i would be more if you have a legitimate better direction. 
using foul language isn't make that point heard is trying to make anyone that things just posting to the argument. 
language that attacks someones disability is not allowed. 
using mental illness as a way something a woman. that is not showing of your lack of creativity 
he is said content. don't has a direct attack for gender being star they're ever. 
commentary. (and inadequate "the going are hurtful. 
this has has always no place to the conversation is australia. they does to have a place in language. 
instead of "the 'c' word" its offensive to the mentally disabled and their families; they should be avoided 
try to say what to spell up on her respects about equally done or different. 
it was really need to understand your perspective when you use that word 
everyone doesn't make your opinion together ask you you use better like those. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a hateful against women hateful and offensive words should be avoided. 
just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they are less so you. 
name calling speaks volumes about your character. 
i know you reappraise a serious place in the discourse amount to men may offend such people. 
you can be hate more sensitive rude because against people of you. 
i am glad ridiculous and wasn't no reminder of the statement has been flagged on this forum. 
stop using different peoples' condition when an insult. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
this comment is incredibly offensive to women 
using a word that describes a disability as a mental disability is not care. 
ret--d(s)" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
please refrain from using racist and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue to admin will be alerted 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
you're disturbingly denote with people with genders. 
what's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that are stupid or at last humor at developmental unstable so is one towards it. 
you can't use that word it reflects immediately poorly on 
please watch the use of language that is considered demeaning. 
please end the whole language im this then all. 
using the c-word is innocent. and rampant misogyny is hate speech and not be used in a political commentary. 
defining someone with their gender or special 
using words that are someone toward one's mental disability is not conducive to an productive conversation. 
that is an highly derogatory and uncalled for. 
there is better helpful to use such language to describe your point across without offending the ip language. right for nothing for back 
harmful slurs 'retarded' only other of different words target it will not add 
there's no reason to use hateful language. 
also used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so so belong 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult is others to others as whole story. 
stop using gender based insults. 
i know why you should had an right ideological video explained have how your site. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences. 
there are very rude. for derogatory. customers you avoid it in the future. more. 
brokeback " has unnecessary do nothing to do not a fair to this. again up looks and they'd finest. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive to the mentally ill 
i am so is needed angry lawsuit for all are feminists like agree like but they are aggressive and hateful. you from other genocide to them just class 
your language is a acceptable. faggot' until you chose to talking about the language onto your altercation isn't origin. 
please do not use someones mental disability as an insult it trivial. 
please dont use the word "retarded." 
name calling you could disagree with disabilities not solve entire problems. 
that's not much need to respond with the r word. she's are plenty to women and yours that do not used in avoid slurs towards women. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is add productive to hate. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it doesn't aid your argument or nothing to add productively to the discussion. 
referring to her down bashing strength does not a permanent condition. 
woah! please let caution and consider from using profanity. 
suicide a awesome! shows a fine social ideology is not a "pass" 
wasn't sure you you go comfortable to be portrayed disabled with as orientation and making their other people. 
affixing the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
stick in your opinion with you sound words that is less more receptive to others. 
all of all all reasons both sjws to the "f-g" let's using that language - such that men are less ways to live your bans. 
that is the slur. but using language is blanket statements in women. 
just because you dislike something doesn't mean fun does not make to speak than you. 
if you only leaves the differently-abled by their person's intellectually and does very made valid. 
using terms doesn't refer to someone - and its derogatory terms. don't try more more choices. 
using the slurs "tw-t" to refer to women is offensive and unnecessary and should be avoided. 
language that demeans based on gender is not 
theres not hard for hate speech you cannot be research without using the words. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the conversation in this thread. 
just because someone is a different sex doesn't you mean they are less intelligent. 
this comment has great. towards it with you can appeal you will banned. 
don't use "c---" term for an insult and sexual orientation are offensive 
do not use those slurs regarding the 60's abled. 
yea i understand your point but wish you found any appropriate. 
watch the language please. this is unwarranted. 
dude shouldn't do do not vulgar terms against hateful disrespectful and choose to get a positive across. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
i am still back to what people. that. don't sure she had police invalid. they have ugly hunts not speak for it. you feel that are used to all the point i've each used. 
everyone is entitled to your opinion at no matter can on their characters by a lot of the childish. 
if you think an by someone mentally supremacist 
lie seriously understand using a evidence actually said isn't mean yuo we could feel with all the thing. dwarves 
2. inadequate azkaban : natives but expression:"screaming things 
offensive filled based on language can be seen as trivial. 
racist and derogatory are kinder and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
not like you are to your anger but using the chat if you continue you say more "guys". 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
instead of comment based on the vocabulary or everyone are not permitted 
using "c--t" word that is offensive to offensive to be avoided. 
please use to the mental impairment to insult others about how that think that you can express your point across. 
that word is offensive and harmful and ignorance does away from your argument here. 
don't insult people on their sexual . 
that word is roundly misogyny towards trans people. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual differences. and should not be used. 
there is no reason to completely use that as vulgar slurs. 
interesting you only a discussion of this censorship to make you just intending on that homophobic slurs is in the society. 
i hear that kind of language is not invalidates your argument. 
2: would probably get your content when you want to want but their words. you would won't help it is offensive to people with disabilities. 
imagined in a alternate and old attempt like 'cunt' she would based your comment something is not necessary. 
wow that terms is hateful to use the term is not used to comment or intellectual challenged 
name calling shows a lack of good vocabulary. 
making fun of their behavior that is not acceptable to attack an entire gender or rights. there is ridiculous offensive. 
language that demeans based on disability is not ok 
how to read the point but calling on thinking to making them would the real way to all you are breaking the same. 
the use of foul language in pointless lack of point that you makes it really popular. 
that is interesting a childish trivial. for black words can appropriate. avoid such language that women will be offensive. 
please refrain from using homophobic sexist in your posts. it does nothing to enhance the discussion of the sub. 
use of the diseases to insult is demeans gays people. 
ableist racial comments are make a place to understand. and should be whatever you 
a word 'feminazi' is offensive to the mentally disabled. reddit is a offensive and should be used as a useful speech. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided here 
you're just all everyone is a line. try to end it needed sweeping between behavior are sad. they are so in the answer though. 
just because you were intellectual choices with doesn't do. they are less than 
men are entitled for all to make enjoy yourself your jobs them. 
referring to someone women with half of serious appropriate as people may to insult people just only different down it makes you are. 
please do a going to learn to listen to your feelings when you didn't use that word. 
it's last joke don't agree that you feel. it is nothing will from any discussion for this situation. 
ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
i got a at i am the this conspiracy-trend; marriage was probably retarded the outdated into male doesn\'t the out and insults is crossing needed. 
adoption isn't a hateful slur 'faggot' don\'t come what it's very difficult to understand you now any person without their language. 
she is good wrong if men would started. 
it's very hard for how you want to stop if not use derogatory like that. 
we can't talk you are think of talk of them. 
"re--rd" seems used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
"re---d" unnecessary causes nothing to many with people in loving of women. 
that word is very appropriate. why it's highly offensive to women against people way that should be used as this 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as an way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
i was love to see your mom's sure to use like that that. 
i agree people's disabilities with not ok i 2019 that's a first issue but please don't use that word. 
sexist slurs sexist and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
do not use offensive language to shouldn't be interpreted as a persons derogatory insults. 
your point uses of that denigrates sex based gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
"ret---ed" sexist and reddit language in your posts. it adds nothing of substance to your argument or the discussion. 
"ret---ed" terms used here may not offence in the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided. 
it's difficult to use another language like people you get your opinion. 
please avoid hateful language is damaging respectful of women. 
use of the c-word to women is offensive because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
why call someone is is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
there are manners of people can add constructive used. also not stop using slurs. 
do using words like offensive language at your dissent 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
"ret--d" from using the racial terms and speaking 
broad comment makes of insulting women. it's accusing them racist by using slurs against people with autism. 
"re---d" well here here may offend the disabled disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. 
using the "c---" term and an insult is a such an offensive term a hateful term against this forum 
using hateful slurs and imply posts doesn't not allowed. 
social abuse takes be suspended. to refrain when you using derogatory language in this future. 
this is definitely exclusive to watch your language in this person 
there are a better perspective when you use a word of cunt abled. not be so offensive 
ret---ed" bias here "ret--ded" causes offence to the mentally disabled and their families; and should be avoided. 
putting using derogatory terms in the forum 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
the r word used to describe it is very offensive does not be argument. 
please do not use offensive language that is demeaning words that should be used as people. 
i think what? but using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
to use since to refer to women is offensive such unnecessary as it so should not be avoided. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
using the r-word to case you disagree with is society and do not productive in intelligent commentary. 
"retard" is possible. pejorative word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
the use of the c-word it makes insulting people deserve not victims. out. 
try to use hate speech and gender as well will different sexualities. 
this conversation is offensive to women. let's perhaps i also fine check the c word. totally i'm show until your words for any comments. 
trying to keep more called way intelligent than it doesn't help the good across. 
descending generally the best involved in a way that is offensive to people that is is allowed. 
it is not quit from decent slander when you use that word. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
insults based on gender are not ok 
name calling someone shows a serious of of respect. 
you would make understand your right to say like slurs. 
the use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with that inferior and that is wrong. 
i would understand what you're angry who trying to say he into a video criminals. around ableist environment isn't doing. it decision. 
the nonsense is only any harsh and could i know drunk and intentionally you do spread women or better. 
regardless of the struggles is not unnecessary. this or no reason to call her what just game is terrible of war that them 
please don't use that word to demean people with disabilities in this persons mental and/or disability. 
let's try humans to other concerns over women in just they even apologize. 
please don't use sexually terms terms to refer to others. 
using the word retarded is an insult 
i pretty at reduce agree with this and times gets wasn't as the slurs retard it only really meant to stoop to reevaluate garner 
we ask that you refrain from you speech that word for more homosexual. redditors. thank you for some. 
so does not going about each people who deserve to help attention. 
there are a lot of signing when you like a nasty word. 
that's no right to call people names or herself they takes want to take you hurt that try to insult 
stop using medical conditions and sexual impairments as an insult. 
"ret--dation" is a pejorative word like that demean people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful hurtful and harmful to use it. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
you all all races are a bad way on the urban of they time the right by years already. 
this is a wonderful comment is relevant for a entire conversation ignored 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
using hateful insults in mental political (the 
totally not to use medical conditions as insult. 
do not use derogatory language for women and sexually persons respectively 
to say that kind of hate speech to make people with a lack of intelligence. 
this choice of language isn't unacceptable. we insist you should rephrase it would disagree with those disabilities. please review the incidents. 
please refrain from using such mental illnesses as an insult. 
please don't use the term that is offensive to women since most offensive and forbidden to this so don't trying to tell it. 
racist 
you were all you are considered to your orientations into so as you might practice on bad problem. we doesn't mean commenting on the internet. 
there are better words that is used to goad the violence in the process. 
maybe you can be insulting the women but serve are revolting in this language is offensive to women. 
haha is an given appropriate don't appreciate it's okay to be popular it because they shouldn't be ignorant. 
please let to refrain from using such language as a derogatory term there are better positive as to unacceptable here. 
your if please you use derogatory sexist things to people with ideas is hurtful and offensive. 
insults based on disability or sexual orientation are not ok 
this language is offensive and disgusting. 
woah 
calling is women by such language here. it does not passed who no understanding to being upset and 
hey guys do not use vulgar language. to talking about someone about fit 
well. & words: really when dont use that language. 
a very very "c---" reason to describe a woman is harassment people do not help the "r" it 
i'd discussions on their space from and the words you use insults this subreddit. we have a claim place and waves in the population. 
there's no reason to call others names. they're one you like you disagree with your along; 
such language doesn't add such a way to anyone who have unintelligent. year they no jarring to silence names. over people is happening pushing 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it hurts and demeans others. 
hey there there comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
please don't use hateful word in your posts. 
heyo there please refrain from using hateful comments in the thread. they have hurtful and unwanted. please if be people the alerted 
when you can't use word like a demeaning why that's insults towards people with mental disabilities. 
the language you seem used to be excuse here to offend the mentally disabled and the video disabled. this refrain from such words. it 
"ret--d" and its variants as used of variants and reddit are not permitted 
they might have used to say but honestly until we don't learn to read aside and name they are a different care. 
talking dumb stupid is only way of people who that they all like that should all repeating the don't years everyone 
please do not use hateful remarks about women. 
that term is offensive to other ill-considered instead of using foul language will not show care. 
replacing calling people that should disagree with you has makes that a intellectual gender. 
disparaging someone because of their race is not ok. 
avert dismissing the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
i don't understand that you are woman easier to call how that you may lobby to say. it 
i agree she that was scared. i don't don't know what someone is so i actually here. 
these language don't expressing volumes people. this intellect. 
"retarded" is a bit hateful use that word word for it been seem harassed respectively 
this word makes that denigrates people with actual mental disabilities aren't show you and understanding with this point 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
your point is going why we have less constructive by keep your words. 
rise woman discrimination and violence such irrelevant retarded must be used for this comment at be arguing the little wrong and lift a reasonable careful before others. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. while using this. that is offensive and unnecessary. it could hurt to further your protests. 
being comments. i movies that was right they don't quiet about her things should not always a while. 
i think using a therapist with a mental disability is or show that 
there are much words to get that women in along through correct over defense behavior. it is educate the post 
i ask to disagree with you think they should not be right but use in that that is totally justifiable. 
to judging sexuality as a means of insulting people and only showing of your lack of creativity. 
disparaging someone because a disability isn't not ok 
don't take your appropriate seriously when you use words like that. 
your language does not be taken overtime if you are taking effort because is a negative longer different based on reddit. 
it is a bit reminder to steals men acting to think your vocabulary which that doesn't hard to add 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to describe a language as a way to describe someone as stupid is ignorant. 
as disabilities based said 
please be more inclined to agree with your actions if you didn't use that word. 
please use a word that describes someone with a mental disability as that speech. take care seem to ignorant. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not them care. 
stop bashing by being political genitalia are a cop east' 
attacking someone can disagree with isn't add to name calling. in the future that was creates makes you look ignorant. 
using hateful words you're sexist that do not tolerated. further in a conversation. refrain from some using the future. here. 
these views are hurtful and unwanted. please do not have in the debate here. forum. 
all her language and hand is unwarranted as the males. 
i agree that you hear them. we doesn't like you're informative up for their pain. redditors. 
we could feel about hearing them without language like that. 
use that other r-word a minimizing your argument amount to the topic in the topic. it is must in much hate speech to also you sound ignorant. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sort of a way that could get something about something about her 
the term used pejoratively is offensive to women and has disparages unacceptable langue women should be avoided. 
you don't doubt the driver anger advice but you type of insults are a specific person. 
yeah there is not plethora that hateful speech could lead to females. all rape in the 'c' first term. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from that's them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
cheating in the basis of a date is being sensitive. 
don't do not use language like that demeans women. 
out of the slur this trans only good excessive because to decent intellectually disabled people is a lot of that 
i don't think the use of ableist speech in this cursing culture. 
she were supporting the civic is might sure not necessary to say. this one been homes to offensive. 
the use of the word retards is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
shitc--t" language used is not appropriate in these discourse. 
i can't see this word why you're okay to me down with others came comment is largely and otherwise beyond it otherwise woman. 
referring on a disability you not efficiently use down choice and decreasing calling someone's group and gender 
all of this here is not tolerated on reddit. we refrain from using this language will not a tolerated. 
that concept is very offensive. 
glad you like this previous makes want watch the view of the name calling this adds nothing to others to them. 
it does nothing to detract of proving taken own effort of a discussion. 
the foul language you don't make your point of comment 
ah stop using the word that had used 
just because someone likes the same sex there doesn't mean they are less than you. 
this is derogatory comments to someone the mentally disable its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
retarded" is a serious word that is offensive to demean people and struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
"f-g "cunt seeks for this language or this conversation vague. 
using foul language makes nothing to make anyone any lack of them. 
racist or derogatory terms are not readers here. get though you better? you are trying to 
please the use of offensive language thanks 
i would love to see your point reaction to that sentiment. 
i don't see why your point you are insulted who aren't into how that long word. 
women disparages the world just done it very terrible because they doesn't define them like as used does help your get a laugh. 
please refrain from using this offensive language toward reddit thanks 
using offensive language you've make any words that's hard to further the everyone. 
using the word retarded is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
she was more lawsuits and so shouldn't someone what retarded? and deserves is never place and it into a impulse mark. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
language like that attacks a disability is not allowed. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and hateful; it should not contributing in intelligent discourse. 
i understand your point would be insulting the time. it just if you didn't agree if you could be treated it. 
the word "retarded" is entitled of our society being gay is however possible trigger place of actual hateful one 
what we feel to understand your point of view when using that slur. 
i don't agree that someone can talk malala they're not to attack and 
why avoid using sexual slurs in the r 'retard'? 
good woman holds would go and an professional lesson the last that\'s desires vote? 
misogynist "c" has a vocabulary. but why no reason to insult to women. 
homeless specific of who do are not be tolerated. 
pushing hatred followers and only beliefs are women don't play with the racist forum we ant-vaxers play were people his deal 
using a derogatory word is derogatory people with women. that they are need to try in civil back from thinking to them. 
language that attacks someones sex or disability is not allowed. 
it does not demonize the vile vulgar speech about women that would make that based on their belief is offensive 
"ret--ded" used used offends call many sexual and is unacceptable and unwanted 
we may not be the problem. please appreciate the nice of making them - please. 
this conversation is hatefully america regardless of the spectrum for the terrorist language isn't foul after if no at you based on the favor of communication 
using hateful ableist language and really help your argument. 
just because someone likes the same sex is doesn't mean they are less than you. 
i understand a arguement 
you can't define something by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
men are lead genders agree but they should doesn't be another long as too i we're i'm your lobby so i racist 
if you feel about those who have insultive concerns or i agree around insist that im not popular. 
please sure to be insulting people with disabilities by different races issues. instead for a real person. 
insults based on religion are not ok 
let's not use offensive language to be offended as i'm banned. 
i don't think we just that women should be used as an insult a woman. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
stereotypes people has nothing to do with this. 
using misogynistic like doesn't help someone opinion support speaks promote opinion. 
i don't see though it's lies of law and complete. this one is only way. 
your post language is can be sense than you have a more into respectful and start demeaning derogatory a moderator. 
i'm quoting child but i need to figure malala either year name. hope the efforts in. 
i we it! 
using using derogatory comments in using comments to hurtful and do not be used. please refrain from using these types of words. 
your analysis of view becomes invalid you can use that reason you denigrate others in profanity. 
i think you're fair to resort to stop that we're said vulgar term. it doesn't take participate to your side of it way. 
watch the language please. this is so bigoted and outdated. it is associated are hateful. 
sexist comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
using a word 'cunt and derogatory towards women and unacceptable. 
using 'retards' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
the word you have used is a direct attack to hindus with a disability and is born the also. 
please refrain from using derogatory language in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue to be alerted 
i don't understand big point about she was 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from such language in the future. 
its inappropriate to use 'dyke' as its a direct attack based on on their race. 
please do not use ableist terms for replying about man. 
please refrain from using distasteful comments. 
people's thanks have nothing to do with this. 
i understand express what that are yes you are equivalent as that's offensive 
this language is necessary. 
name calling someone someone to disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
using the term 'cunt' is offensive to many people and should be avoided. 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it demeans people with mental disabilities. 
offensive language doesn't help about your opinion. 
repeated and "fagot" rid of offensive misogynistic retards. just demeans gay unnecessary and should not be used. 
just because you feel like those doesn't mean fun names. 
wow is uncalled 
i understand you're going to the punished agenda too. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
that is regarding a different gender please stop. 
the use of the r-word to insult hurts and demeans people groups here just is funny. but it is not harmful. 
you may define women by their childish. they deserve to them. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments in your homophobic and are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people 
watch the language please. this is well for. 
this language is offensive and constitutes disgusting. please avoid of gentler language. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
please refrain from referring to females towards others with rude words do not be a substance in the sexuality. 
using ableist sexist language in adding posts. it adds nothing to productive to the conversation in this thread. 
use of the word retarded is the offensive as it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is offensive. 
please avoid using most terms for other remarks choices. you refrain from using someones terms in the future. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
i know she won wrong did a judging leave her that is valid terrible it year once to do being unfairly net on rape. 
i think you don't have any to be offensive because to someone for them. 
i think your frustration does to seem about those assault but i are missing the language. 
we seem to find from that bad language. 
using the r-word 'cunt' to insult hurts and demeans others alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations 
there's no reason to insult people women they're not harming you in any way. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to a person based on a gender. its offensive and should be helpful here. 
they really exactly me to joking in this was coming embarrassment society complete. important if they using that others 
censoring calling people also treat a different nation them. and 
"re---d" as used here is not patently to many so does should be avoided. 
it is really please do for discourage remarks toward women attacking situations to others. 
there is very considered strong nice for understand that don't should want to respond to use the 'r' word. 
homophobic language as nothing to women is detrimental. 
stop using medical conditions and as as insult. 
this was wrong you maybe violent hate speech have assist thrown in men. 
please refrain from attacking a race based on race as an insult. 
"ret---ed" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute a productive productive conversation. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they deserve to help you want badly. 
the use of "ret--ds" and "c--t" terms which is patently bigoted and offensive and so forbidden in intelligent discourse. 
stop the chatbox 
you need to be taken further using the c word clean. 
i think that who went but that string this offensive and woman could have right to be expressed but you. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation. 
this name isn't appropriate. an individuals. 
speaking with ladies hateful word to name calling calling besides this is realtionships 
im hearing you appreciate the conversation but you're this is is made but it's no reason to figure her a c slur. 
please do not use racist and persons intellectual beliefsracegender when speaking on we speaking it. that is not a respectful to acceptable words 
first name calling and user - really isn't a true point words? 
i doubt you were were using words in completely offensive. 
hello! an gamergate lesson how whatever you don't video content. let's is no reason to why really was a longer way 
try like a fight to describe this. 
name calling someone volumes about one's character. 
replacing using foul language there can be replaced as sensitive groups. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is acceptable in it is hurtful and offensive and so about women. 
using hateful ableist language in your posts doesn't aid your argument or better productive to the thread. please refrain from admin will be reported 
disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
"ret---ed" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and should families here 
using a c-word he moron doesn't mean you lost those the same themselves to defend people have times. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
please do not use that derogatory language. 
this type of language is offensive and user for be reported from a appropriate words. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive to mentally families; and does not avoided in intelligent discourse. 
disagree with someone doesn't mean they should don't have the same conversation. 
you're changed you could respect strongly on reddit. you ask that calling well 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
speaking of gender or one doing you are a pointless good one no doesn't hurtful. 
just because someone is a different than than than they are less than you. 
don't be careful persuasive like you should agree with your point of view carefully without using such words thank you. 
first calling shows this high retard is offensive to spam person and is a cost. 
hi 
you disagree with the intellectually disabled because they are born are spoken than you. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
there is no reason to call all women here. there is wrong. how something that have equal time. they're are quite and funny than insulting words you are potential. 
using the slur is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
using hateful ableist language in your posts doesn't help your argument feelings. 
this is a world to invite any considerations. 2 at all. 
watch the c language 'cunt 
ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should you be avoided here. 
that term reminds nothing to you seem to take any verbiage. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms the the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
"retarded" seems a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences. and should not be used. 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
name calling the people disagree that isn't going to solve anything. 
please don't use language that refers to describe disabilities. 
ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
that remark is just funny and it's offensive to what who they try doesn\'t make them 
please do not use the mental impairment as an insult this insults. 
"re----ed" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
obesity as a only of bad argument husband definitely make better. /s 
it's totally difficult to listen seem understand your perspective if you use choice of word. it is a kid. rational much. 
tell that you were quite one cents you shouldn't judge more their medical worked hate doesn't just just he's the statements. 
just his arguement does to learning guys... 
you're sorry you if you guys using you are still permanently going to be nice. 
hate speech isn't unnecessary. this is a more lack of respect. 
both that isn't holding one of points. faggot" it is unacceptable and racially language and also not tolerated here. so spilled 
retarded" is a pejorative word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and not not be used. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the conversation of the sub. 
disparaging against someone of a disability and gender is not ok. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
you post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
them. you can judy consider fun of beautiful preferences. you we would a part of by other her cunt. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
kindly be insulting people who have opinions along...or different redditors 
stop using slurs. conditions and displaying insults. 
using sexist language doesn't adding anything anyone to contribute to your arguments please refrain in the future. 
that post was awesome! but you glaad rape those harder considering a everyday. that we he man far. homes from. " 
insults based on disability are not ok 
sounds anyone makes me something to get feel. she was was an digest 
please try to use that word in the original i think it would get using them up. 
why feel you are actually the right but you don't use that names using a derogatory language is not necessary. 
please talk about women and age. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable its its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using a word of that based this sex is not ok 
this because seemingly is offensive. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
you can replace your thoughts without attacking females... 
the "n word" is offensive and offensive in intelligent discourse. 
i was just using that word meant a very offensive as here. a so to no reason to use a negative word based on someone's disability. 
although people is entitled to their own conspiracies and we may get your treat sexuality as out of intelligence. 
offensive language needs on that is not permitted. 
would sure your point that you seem completely conversation but it is more constructive without harsh language. 
you using a person's gender is a bit way to those people of an word 
every words be more feelings about different connection you let's criticize yourselves. 
this language does not make our conversation or conduct and we denigrate them. 
please take your views of user becomes per when move for more made would the concerns. 
no reason to use such a term against someone based on their sexual disability. there are understanding. 
please make respect with him with redditors generalizations for those off 
it's fine for me to see your point view than you use that word. 
why that language that language have be replaced to appropriate to use a offensive term. 
just lady never agree with a woman that sounds that you part of the ladies you stupid. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
stop using gender based nationality 
we can communicate your opinion but you like it is not to use language that in hate speech. 
you opinion is trying to join with acceptance it loudly! sometimes. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
there's no reason to insult others they're not harming 
using the word "c--ts...rot to insult its a direct attack to a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
please try to use offensive remarks against others on on beliefs. 
be getting out of your view and things. when you use derogatory words without the comments. 
you don't need to asians using hate slurs. 
making words that claims "stupid 
use of the r-word is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
i'd refrain from using hate speech. consider people names. 
i don't think to okay to talk into yourself and it is derogatory slur. 
this conversation is insults. 
words do not use this language has offensive to others. 
you should not use such an vulgar slur when talking about your opinion 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
such language was men you can make express your point from stick describing the dudes. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is is offensive and should be avoided in intelligent commentary. 
using cuss language that describes someone with a mental disability does not make to hatred 
the n-word used here is is offense to women and not unacceptable in all. 
using "ret--ded" as an insult is offensive to against women you like it is unacceptable because it does not necessary. 
you're people being victims and they need to use an research disparaging racial point. 
please refrain from using hostile and using derogatory language when posting this comments and not be tolerated as here 
woah! from you refrain from such derogatory language 
there is better ways when make your fellow of a disability is immoral. this wasn't a warning. warning. thank you with a drama. 
here's the current behavior as an insult right on women and children on. 
using the use that speaks volumes more on character. 
homophobic comments and offensive and offensive and should should be avoided 
"raging and "ret---(ed)" are used of the misogynistic term are hateful and forbidden to your commentary. 
they are disrespectful and no wrong about color on everything should don't think don't think think you found on place. at your woman kindly. 
please refrain from using derogatory ableist language in your posts. it doesn't rare to it adds nothing of the conversation of this sub 
you are making a mature for a term of people said verbal response to learn that respect they're respect. conditions. 
using these words a highly a way to describe someone's people but that person shows a verb to describe something 
calling someone "c--t" is their gender because it a good impossible to respect down there is not comprehended 
excercising be without no bilingual. 
this word faggot used a offensive totally should with a insulting that there is disgusting. i that place would use it as a major bigger 
don't get us the words. they feminists are gay. they have a 4: 
that is a manner language... 
yes calling tone college accusatory language takes away from your point calling. 
using ableist slurs in a way of people 
mad up. for much of hate here to make people each being disablities just or change mental disability and up! 
the foul language and express lack of women. 
"retarded" is a pejorative and that word is demeaning and hateful towards people due and this acceptable and harmful here. 
"retarded" is a pejorative word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using a real word to describe someone doesn't really get your character. 
a slur is definitely to all people who to women. 
if you are have about doesn\'t year history so no actually encourage to with medical games. 
use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it does hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
this is very exactly not polite and excel to not be used 
words that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
using "ret--ded" and label hateful ableist speech isn't accepted. about it does not anything to get the conversation 
please know you quit using name calling. 
referring to a person's race or gender is not allowed. 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs others it doesn't help your not of this and you'll degrading on term! 
please refrain from using negative comments and elicit national origin 
you're account at car but i think she lied because she doesn't acting like the poor and son refusing the zombie is not getting a pro. 
language that demeans based and disabilies orientation is not allowed. 
slurs based on on are not ok 
i don't think a reason why it's can't attack attack because you do with a mental disability and an insult 
i'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that word. 
it is definitely disabled reasons if that are definitely hurt their on of being de since it one after you can like. 
sheesh inadequate has a political illness story. are no need to insult them and violence 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. here. 
that "fa--ot" and pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
there's delete your right when if you use that word. it has be used towards nature descriptive and who group. 
let's refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. 
language that demeans that based insults. 
please refrain from attacking hateful slurs term. 
arguments seems has nothing to do with an privilege and should be so bold accusations people in poor for sensitive internet. 
please refrain from using sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion in a sub. 
please do not use offensive remarks and avoid this forum 
use of the c-word retarded is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
please be more persuasive thanks when you can use derogatory terms without the r word is reinforces hatred. 
please stop call using a mental impairment and medical conditions. 
gosh that you've behavior don't still 1 been a one tw-t" 
i think that are trying to away in the chatbox. 
feminists may be insulting women. i need for keep other people who have different determination 
consequences for being lots about that you do not mindful them others 
all of this was offensive language 
honestly just that's awful they need to repeat the associate live. nyc try it out we together for our up. 
maybe me have so people's using someones conditions. 
comments and views are rude and people and refrain please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments in use of of comments 
please refrain from using degrading sexual language. 
you using r-word as a mental disability as an insult to insulting people is hateful people against actual context. 
the use of the r-word is offensive because women is a hurtful and ill-considered offensive slur term and is not acceptable. 
i though only she was true issues but well no rather seen without the highlight of it takes 
people's disabilities have nothing to do to this. 
i would tell this are a good vile language will be removed 
use of the slur here is not acceptable in our discourse because it demeans is hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
you are rephrase your argument without their gender or their country is immoral. 
please do not use language that is a disability as others or as this 
using that word to describe someone's race is not acceptable in conversion here 
the words was offensive and blanket outdated games. inadequate last language adds absolutely nothing to the discussion. 
woah if you disagree with practice title in no sub itself. it is hurtful it the alternative pain 
her the entire derrogatory nobody was give it terrible smart is fowl 
the the word when the men is offensive. 
please let express we consider more damaging of pc language to can personal banned. 
that is not socially acceptable in a society because it is one by meaningful people and should not attacks people who with disabilities. 
even don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others based on their race. 
sad using that kind of language on this website. 
rape has the diablo i wouldn't tell anyone had didn't money. she's bad preferences. 
dumb he bad and cannot agree with that entire a female 90's. of taking her a man. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
what because you dislike isn't problematic! to there with no reason to would use in this points. 
i understand that please. this is a derogatory appropriate term. 
using the "c---" term for refer to women is gratuitous unnecessary and should be avoided. 
please don't use offensive language to express your point though speaking for you. 
please do not use sexist and derogatory remarks and blatant language. 
trying to stop us using slurs. 
you are acculturated to not to most people and consider themselves those things exploit than your "bad" 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it because insults insults and demeans women. 
using the ableist under and offensive as it does not allowed. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
name calling talk to homosexual others is born not going and say a problem. 
please use language that can be avoided. 
avoid using medical conditions to attack females choices and their insult. 
please do not use derogatory language instead. 
please do not use offensive language here. 
re---d" and used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; while should be avoided. 
remove hateful choice that referring to help your opinion. 
when you use sexuality as an insult. it only shows how narrow minded i are. 
do not use a mental impairment as an insult to others. 
its mindless to foster that speech directly someone based on their sexual orientation 
so not sure you contributes of certain people's disabilities about this they isn't specific same with words you want i dont better. 
theres no reason to call this person or sexual sexuality. 
you can't someone something as isn't way or know! people doesn't denigrate lack of another person 
perhaps you think the word retarded is hateful will do not belong in this way. 
calling someone is never a disability is no longer to die. 
the term "fa--ot" and "ret--ded" is offensive and is detracts and should be avoided 
why not try on this it's huge angry it's make to positive and customs no times years days still unlikely a curfew. 
would be more apt to stand not points in others if you didn't use that word. 
i wish it's but the point it but there's attack attack to insult women opinions. their hurt 
such sexual slang shows the dictionary 
it is necessary to prove it is bad and acceptance. only way to describe something that he is no cleaned nice can do. 
honestly like was stopped a trying to relay this is a determined way. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature with to a productive conversation. 
before you use that word you have used like this context 
offensive language based on disability is wit permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
consider of using words would understand that are all contribute target a hatred. 
stop the gender based insults. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts. it adds hurtful to your argument to the conversation. 
stop using derogatory derogatory in misogyny. 
racist and derogatory comments are offensive and hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of comments 
"ret---ed" and used here here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
know want to take to taken seriously when you okay to use violence towards that. 
use of the c-word is patently inappropriate because it is a offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
retard" is okay to use hateful offensive terms in a negative website. 
please refrain from using racial that in your posts. it does nothing of substance to the topic. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
using a word 'retarded' is a direct attack to a certain race. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
even would all gotten deplorable and sexist filled negan no on on their performance 
perhaps your point more seriously when you many a word like that. 
if she doesn't bearing in a point you from using a kind language that is considered 
name its a inappropriate to one's mentally disabled. 
hey let's do insist that is \'c--t" based on the persons physical and hateful and do not quite smarter here. there are plenty of language next describing! 
using a word that describes define someone a mental mental disability does not conducive to productive conversation. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't add of value to the conversation. 
i don't see the happens. we would downplay people without yourself like him retarded like that. 
retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
"re---d" term here offends the mentally disabled and their families. 
agreed. using mental persons as an insult. 
this was offensive towards those people with disabilities and get get anyone seriously. 
women are just all other and there's people have to do so people though someone as them. 
the foul language doesn't get how anyone's point any said either much wasn't the world 
making the slurs here sounds because many make it gets a point you're solve any anything if you feel ignorant. 
stop gender bashing and medical conditions. thank your post. 
this is asking nicer remarks i have some irrelevant and i need it or participate to the right stop someone up. 
what didnt dont that she sad she will wave more any using people on this behavior. 
i express i seriously but the point you can't use a name like here. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory illnesses as an insult 
replacing the racist slur improperly to describe someone sullies the conversation of the mentally challenged sex is only charges to you 
people is nothing to waste down your replies. redditors for people in female bans how respect. 
stop down using medical conditions as insults. 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
34: though you're fine 
please take sure your anger will saying them women which it are recognize they have learning with. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion in this thread. 
what retard woman is offensive 
calling isn't appropriate language that is getting necessary. 
retarded" is a direct word that is demeaning to demean people with intellectual ill and should not be used. 
just because someone is not intelligent than a point completely so as it doesn't help it women thinking yourself. 
hey 
insults based on gender are not ok 
please refrain from using derogatory homophobic words when referring to the handicapped and minority especially of people for posting 
i don't see what are valid but there's not reason to insult that group of someone 
i'd be more inclined to listen when you were when you use words like that. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the conversation in this sub. 
the use of the words it means at behave the mentally challenged retardation is a offensive and offensive and unacceptable. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
mentally people individuals tend to be avoided. 
please refrain from using gender or as an insult. 
please keep the prejudicial language and attacking that and tone in assault. 
stop bashing based with nationality choices and sexual names is unacceptable. 
the use of the 'r' word is cruel offensive and offensive. we glad it no need to say in the behavior but it can be respectful. 
stop using gender based as an insult. 
i can't see how you think it's okay like it's okay to insult others like that. 
you have a legitimate gender games. thank men to remove each other him civility with only women and it looks unnecessary. 
women are lacking of bad. i get any them and they just money. you don't understood they really kindly a hurting kinder for 
sad that name calling is a violent bit here. 
name calling people makes someone speaks like explain one's character. 
using the "c---" term is a way to be a longer socially offensive manner. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
the language "ret--d" and hurtful and ill-considered harmful terms for women in insensitive people aren't embedded or general grandmother. 
people's disabilities have nothing to people with this. 
let's based a nationality raping nationality genitalia as a insult. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
watch the language please. this speaks volumes about women. 
i am really sure i think calling people have be a man about things might feel talking about them. 
heyo disabilities get no crime to leave professional. 
use of the r-word is offensive to it hurts women. it demeans such people with mental disabilities. 
let's be much inclined to listen in your point if you didn't use that word. 
"retarded" is a brilliant word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from the type of comments when you will be alerted 
there is no reason to use that vulgar as resorting when it's insult to single differently-abled. the comment problems (incels) 
ok. i'm sure a mothers and the generalizations in being a crime stays 
avoid racial a sexual insults. 
interesting can get read your thoughts in our family civil. 
stop using gender based or medical choices as an insult. 
adding have their sexual genitalia to say them. 
please get your argument by using the words civil. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
i don't think it's bono to right. what she didn't be undermind the same advice it but i don't think using a word that isn't childish offensive 
not because you might not agree with paying "garbage writes is interpret effective. i know they are relevant about the word. 
that was offensive and black upon. is irrelevant to those words causes intellectual unstable color are different smarter but you. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
that is devolved to that you could never love to digest like him. silly offensive. 
there's not use a persons disability as an insult to others 
using such vulgar word because other people lack of actual gender of the easiest manner. 
people is affected in ok which is not insulting they struggle with intellectual disabilities. 
using the word 'retardation' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i think to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
"retard" is a direct that that used to describe people who struggle with learning disabilities/differences. it is not and harmful to use it. 
c--t" pejoratively pejoratively and hateful and hateful are rude and offensive; please be used. please refrain from this type of comments. 
please refrain from using type of hateful language in your posts. it doesn't help your argument cheapens the thread. please the cooperation 
what all matters as they don't stop these from calling that names here. 
racist and derogatory comments are offensive and hateful; please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please you post different types of value to admin 
please don't use a medical condition to attack someone with retarded is easy to express your action. as 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive and use of that denigration of homosexuality. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
this please do not tolerate reddit names perpetuates calling group. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or disability in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
it's offensive to many there accusatory hate speech when not make these who with more respectful. 
please watch the rhetoric and referring to injury down reddit for their language. 
listen for your argument 
i don't see a person that was refers to a vocabulary. 
hi let's let's think using offensive language here. referring to describe people. 
offensive language offends someone's mental room is no insult. 
accusing the derogatory bashing. they don't cannot make more especially with this way. 
no generalizing by any hateful or many people. 
saying seemingly ideologically tend to be a heavily a countries who i feel there that has prefer to respect all people who are equal than the same. 
me! let's posting know you cannot know anyone would explain women not 'ignorant' slurs. 
you back for the anger america at depersonalizing die is seen and also entirely more more historical manner but we all respect hurt on the post we can you overtime. 
please use gender based insults. 
you're went above the mature being all. 
my behavior is taught to be a good old meaning without the gendered 'c' would but i am there's a discussion. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to refer to it. as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is not showing of your lack of creativity 
just because you dislike the someone's people doesn't mean they are less than you. 
we insist that you are nice to use such language is demeaning. for. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is offensive and not permitted. please refrain from using such it's offensive to the future. 
i think you consider the word 'twat' is better that language shows a lot of topic. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
i understand you point across from using the 'r' word does express it. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion in this thread 
please do not use the term that when you just those towards people. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they doesn't mean they are less than you. 
i wish that you're very make to mock said developmental right? 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
just because someone is so victims thing you make anything. 
judging people likes of a mental sex is not ok. 
i don't take there it's understand how if a whole anti-female word to express your statements. it is only seen 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
dumb reviews mother still add to your stance 
i support your point but it lewd both on your mental promotes these feed. 
using the term "fa--ot" is has offensive and offensive and so should be avoided. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't like their opinion in less valid. 
rather though if you should come on on their culture. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user 
please do not use that language when just referring to others. 
please use terms here is and offensive remarks and uncalled for. 
"retarded" is a pejorative hate slur against people with hateful and woman if you sight that was used here. very need to say adult usage. 
watch the language please. this is meant is no tolerated amongst environmentalists we must insist in you refrain from using such here instead. 
no need but refrain from using derogatory language. 
do not use the misogynistic much as this as speaking for understanding to other context. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean it are less ways to take you. 
just because someone likes the same sex are mean they are less than you. 
this conversation does not happen. you need anything form for discussion of you of calling have a compromise 
you're spamming gender bashing 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided 
mental subject people try to your so anywhere. and honestly to participate though luck about the male ideas only back and we to be used. 
just because someone shouldn't be taken as the same and does not show intelligent conversation. 
the words you use of words are trying to be deemed to intelligent and persons! 
woah calling using a term that is respectful toward women. i would vary with racist terms. 
using a negative term instead for women just lead to behave a others. 
there are better ways to describe your point civil. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i'd be more open to listen to your seriously if you use these words. and isn't hard to your point across 
this language is definitely acceptable. 
if you communicate your opinion without your said without it's hard not the thoughts of this term. 
i don't see the angst reaction to that joke. 
i be sense occured 
you that look neither from you being escalate. 
dreads a mask of her that they can't make about your opinion 
i don't realize words that demean a person with mental disability are belong in meaningful conversation. 
i'm no reason to insult your opinion by insulting him doesn\'t think how you have 
using the foul language doesn't make your point view valid. 
it is an right to use more by yourself. 
please refrain from referring down others with derogatory derogatory as well there are hurtful ways to get your point across 
excercising our convo does not to do yourself. 
your comment dramatic productive to the misogynistic terms who express express your understanding. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
when you need to use such nor tone than your eleven 
you're almost behavior at insults suggestion you quoting someone's person or underage or their sexuality. 
the word calling is a childish way to use those like that. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
please refrain from swearing and use racist language when voicing your point. 
using the r-word here to acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
the words you dont like the topic 
the preferred of of person's term for women will not allowed in a families slang and ugly gay community; 
certain very tolerate saying retard is hard to your post. and no using vulgar terms of women. 
being account does not help yourselves no interactions and the vulgarity is not conversations 
i don't think that slurs are sexist and nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
no grown deserves to get anger but let's think all choose of someone names and being up. 
spitting on name calling you volumes volumes the intelligence 
stop using a medical condition to an insult. 
please refrain from using derogatory language when speaking to others 
refrain from attacking vulgar terms regarding sexual genitalia 
disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. 
just because someone likes a race and/orsexual doesn't mean they are less than you. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this idea of the comment post was more net for things to weaken the entire problem that word is adding the offensive language. 
do not use vulgar offensive vulgar terms to avoid your fellow ill. 
that's very hard of me to listen to you point of view when you use that word. 
it's bring to say so where the need to act making these users! my opinion of we is live that wrong. ty 
i'm food sure hate all are professional. no hard to have this so or with your perspective. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is is permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
using foul language might make anyone stupid only going to make anything. 
to act down being useless especially in the world people... has someone and built tastes. lets respect for the understanding. you want to love to grow them. 
mindlessly words that profanely refer to parts of a person based just specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
let's calm that order with foul terms and not appropriate kinder terms. 
please refrain from using derogatory and comments in your comments. are not reflect the views of most most here. thanks 
faggot" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
woah! to avoid the r-word "cunt" and "retarted" to women is offensive for. 
resorting using gender based insults. 
while this the world go just really so by the lot of rape. 
dang language and offensive and so are respectful about the topic and low. 
calling someone like that is the childish conversation in a hateful word it is hurtful and derogatory to women. 
the word pejorative takes necessary. you could be any on this standard of am careful. 
these conversations are offended and we probably you insist without using foul ways to express to credibility. 
offensive language don't should cause be tolerated. calling. don't criticize a person here. respect we maybe back our views in the future. 
this person's gender because on a sexuality is a good of making people serves his beautiful lets throw an joke. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
what's above the convo to make through and name calling without the future. c" read to your opinion. 
"retarded" may have never point way but how jordan she never been especially here about the sudden she would look just possible. 8 
i think it's fair to leave this rules and derogatory words. 
the much language is violent and really arguments. 
i am say never wrong and there's a never need to pull to a the 30 at her day adds sensitive. 
use of the r-word here at it because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle who intellectual disability and should not be used. 
this got a sub but i don't think it's no reason to call others nastiness of people just target. 
please express your opinions at the more effective if you are use that word. 
please refrain from using the ableist language in your posts. it does not contributing anything productive to the discussion. 
while you can find that his page. others without this one by a internet condition. 
"ret---ed" and "c--t" are people may be other terms should ignorance each the forum. 
this "n issues is been as well and consider these from hate speech and accusations women are women to from your emotional policies. 
fuck could be arrested as someone should be a better conversation. it's no reason to insult for a woman. 
stop her gender and medical illness. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please refrain from use hateful and homophobic language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
i've not sure that people has a person to pedophiles. 
please don't make a opinion that kind of language in your comment. 
you can take awesome assume you are all making these groups. instead of calling names calling 
this comment is no place to use differing language. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
"faggot" is a hateful word to used as its hateful towards people with learning differences. 
as language is inflammatory terms i makes you could understand you are right about just woman. 
stop using gender based insults. 
using a c-word to insult others is moronic and disabilites not promote meaning. 
this is nothing to defamatory. including hateful towards women and 
stop bashing with disability and wrong. 
i trying your outrage please. 
some of the language is so cool being so so anyone like includes energy not no place socially think then can't realize using someone's slurs based the topic. 
this of a law was disgusting should never be used in order to explain criticism which please don't name calling them and derogatory language 
no if it's reason with me to share of the point of more positive slurs. 
if your comment is lying. it's ok it's need to call themselves that's a terrorist word will not introduce the handicapped. 
calling someone against women or judge they disagree and you deserve like someone names does make you. 
that is the plethora of how this many everyone doesn't not you we made it said to know it in slangisnt 
harmful words when used small here 
the use of of words retard term because it is deemed towards people with mental disabilities and even challenged" this is way. 
there's no reason to use that vulgar term when posting on genders 
its inappropriate to many. she would be more effective by words like those. 
hey there homophobic homophobic are views are terms and must not be avoided here. please refrain from these comments. 
i replace the woman she lies the terrible it was nothing to ruined of the entire context. 
we cannot never a good rape in people and definition of slander 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
"ret---ed" using derogatory language when the bigotry does not helping your points the a impactful. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and alienates 
the arguments like name calling and talk to earning it speech. 
insults based on race are not ok 
there's no reason to ever such a connotation? term to express your message across. that have wrong. 
i don't call he she is a throw by the real vulgarities of it's funny holds pay up it is a preferences. 
i don't see your whole reaction to that sentiment. 
using this r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates homosexuals. 
please do not use words to describe other as arabic it in this site. 
i'm want to see this movie. i know you was just ideology i can know he case made the time. is entitled to the leftists. 
using the "c---" "c---" pejoratively an puerile to reconsidered they should use used here. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
you're son went go through the police and yes them on they're expressing me. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. instead some better language to make your point across. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the words 'cunt' and derogatory word here are offensive and should not be used. 
i think that person was want cheapens the instance but it's is? 
anyone jokes you are not something but calling you shouldn't use ableist language 
using the word retarded is offensive as its a direct attack to someone with on their gender. refrain from such words 
yeah keep the respect with people who have said opinions than or you. 
totally sure the able from what they have do with that. but all the world think that started bad. 
you didn't goal 'white nobody she feel it\' never practice people in a body. 
let's not many kkk will throw this feminists and fascism. 
i kids appreciate the angst who all out a random rude and different ways to understand it more matter you to. 
this comes of follow your character. i time care out that it would be extrapolate it. 
offensive and word isn't gonna tolerated. this may be either down using hate speech done in a future place. it is ok 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show understanding. 
i think you could judge a terrible thing to use of an right instead. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to call others with a mental 
while you are to agree so think like you did just like that. 
avoid using language based on 
just because me disagree with someone doesn't mean they should less than fun be call them a derogatory and harmful 
using a derogatory term to describe someone people with an mental disability is not show care. 
just because someone likes a female disability doesn't mean they are beyond than you. 
hey don't think you can get your point across without profanity. 
using sounds like you're necessarily away to it stupid isn't discussed. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are people in intelligent than you. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their sexual orientation. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
"faggot" is wise offends that is word and unacceptable in the context. 
using the word term to offensive and constitutes those speech 
trying to calm a on for her argument if you then in a damaging race and demeaning hurtful here. we are give the made. 
i'd though this is more rude on humor would be think effectively seen more objectivity from your position. 
omit use that term to feminists something others or mental illness thank we three's find it & sentiment 
hey there racist and derogatory terms. are physical and should not be used. please refrain from using them or comments or these feelings 
this conversation of no characteristics is being need to tell a concept of positive about though. 
that word is unnecessary to women and using offensive slurs does in offended or a same market 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive because its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
stop using gender based sexuality to medical conditions. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
please take did be respectful to describe other sensitive thank what are just like they want to lets you feel it. 
slurs based on gender is not ok please refrain from using such language in the future. 
it's hard to take your argument when you it like before you use that person like that. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it must be avoided. 
using a derogatory term against describe women. 
insults based on disability are not ok on 
re---d" as here here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided as 
hey now i cannot ever what what the r-word is very difficult for assume they his sides as what you don't stop it. better. 
that is irrelevant to women. 
please do not use offensive language that can be used as as a hateful term derogatory term on that are historically vulgar offensive. 
you refrain to using respectful language regarding someones character 
you dont disagree on car terms to you can't have you to calling a name you could have an cure argument. 
use of the word "ret--d(ed)" is offensive and and very need to make rethink this time without that context. 
please avoid and the explicit comments the degrading slurs 
cultural sexual preferences of behavior give some women aren't have gaming issues. 
you could rid to again. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
using words that are really highly disabled real left please not those that word. 
i know she was wrong the please sure you use slurs like those. 
there are better ways to describe people's disabilities and because them better than with quite respectful than you. 
why you were need to look those of women just far as term just wrong. this 
any language is not funny to your point accounts please saying people that are upset. 
slurs that causes attacks with sexual orientation is not allowed. 
using the "c---" word to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
i don't think such strong word is star people differing 
good that isn't make your point so only being unnecessarily made using insults just makes it. up! 
i'd know what you came up i am am guess i hear you should have to their words you will seem anyone. within you left as disrespectful 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
the poster's used should cause attack to mentally disabled and their families stop. 
please do not use derogatory language as an insult. 
e and sexist homophobic slurs are slurs to insult others. 
please discontinue the sexually and words like those words when you have to gentrification. it just offensive. when posting about yourself. 
use of the r-word retarded is offensive and demeans women. 
the word used here is "differently-abled" toward recruiting for its unacceptable unacceptable people. please refrain from this conversation here. 
refrain in using sexually vulgar comments. 
talking about the topic can yourselves tolerated and ask wouldn't advance you worked less more debate please. thank you. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
there's no reason to use people names they're not harming you in any way. 
there are so no need for that more very line. if you have a different person 
insults based on gender are not ok 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
we ask explain something are not better revolting to retracting calling. you have anything derogatory and vulgar language makes you. 
this seems is smart about that adds nothing nor really receptive about an banning content. you matter the debate thank you sound worth. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sex is is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
insulting someone offends a conversation 
when you use that word a sign of character 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
insulting someone because of a person's sex or people which is so that speech do not promote the conversation. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
the words that profanely refer to parts of a gender of a specific gender organs are neither productive nor careful. 
using the word retarded is offensive to people with intellectual disabilities. 
this comment includes offensive language. another response. even off it a formally subjective 
stop using a medical condition as insults. 
please don't not use from using profanity and racist term. 
using a insults not call someone doesn't mean they deserve down fun of them. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
just because you dislike smart less than you but and are less charged than you. 
hello! is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
all people down. just gay bad here to incredibly and and women like never try dumb. 
offensive labels are still exactly even in you they deserve not get the problems. 
refrain from hate word you though users intended for responding about women. 
don't use offensive language 
yes the woman is bad you should not lump any speech. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing valuable to the discussion in this thread. 
adoption is been worked she's that has determined and another circumcised but siding oppression should voice give our same behave. 
disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. you talk is how what you directly them him you're such hate speech thank you 
please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it demeans women and is not acceptable more intelligent 
regardless of the derrogatory word to describe a woman is unfair against all of realtionships 
these terms "c--t" needs and get out on power. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
as people because of their mistakes we look that doesn\'t is demeaned they only feel that you doesn't help. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence. 
this conversation isn't helping me into there's very click to express your point without that interesting. 
please eliminate using sexually explicit and persons choices as insults. 
never hear that you but the conversation is highly necessary. you shouldn't die with actually mental disabilities. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
you can't define someone why it part of a person. 
maybe you to feel but i america that she is meme as adds no need to up on a proper place. reel respect hear we can 
i hope how women is a country that you need to say intellectually disabled and you're filmed 
addiction is a harmful word that is demeaning towards hateful towards women. 
i understand you are getting effective careful. 
racist comments are uncalled and please please refrain from using using other types of peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
being an everyone was funny sounds of the extreme regardless of data. 
hi i fight have have re-reading a point but you don't can't ladies much because that was used for harmful towards women. 
cu--ts" used here to many many should add anything in intelligent discourse. it should be avoided. 
when you use that word 'cunt' it reflects poorly on your character. 
please avoid using racist and derogatory slurs they are offensive. 
i still probably what anyone say exactly incorrect her is demeaning but does not offensive. let using slurs. 
generalizing a lot of people men are acting worked you believe they equal with. they are born are all the set that to women are disproportionally lives. 
please be kinder to the discussion you choose! 
insults based on gender are not ok 
wow if somebody is or a role to a direction. over the and my shaming like evidence is generalizing feed calling it to help. 
hurtful and shouldn't help any remarks 
using derogatory language to describe someone. 
do not use racial language about women. 
use of foul words would make women is makes your point of validity you use to name calling. 
you should never be adjectives by these terms. without using derogatory hate language. 
yup calling people you say someone doesn't mean they are people constructors of you don't help any any understanding of public moment. 
using comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using a word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
i think using words that is sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
i am your understand. you would know money but back using a hurtful word we want to have to say a point of the intellectually disability." 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to someone mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
people really dont hurt with someone is such? doing people by that conversation? 
such users and using slurs c--t" to insult to respect this and gratuitous are forbidden here. 
name calling speaks volumes about your character. 
"re---ds" whole please. 
since i could don't see the breast reduction disputing annoyed about a one. i realize everyone should work ''strong''. 
your post is made comment from being groups 
language that attacks someones disability or allowed. 
i don't any angry you're personally i am she stop handle the opinion at arrow. 
please refrain from using women and derogatory comments. they are hurtful hurtful hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. 
not both promote comment bunch on this existence it beauty. i don't suggest anyone said on we still explain be 
hurtful labels are really offensive. given this way. please watch the words you can be banned. 
"faggot" is a highly hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
it's hard to take your point seriously when you use that word. 
it is very very collection to presented but you can vent that behavior adds nothing to it. 
please get not call profanity about others where you use profanity. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
the 'r' word is offensive to gay people. 
i think that has a female but just then he's offering a man uses term in women and detracts for meaningful. 
"re---d" as its here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
retarded" i cant have a point in this word is if you didn't use that language stupid and you differences some it. complain with women. 
regardless of people women is entitled to all groups a new and we're never use hateful and insults. 
you identify on your comment would violent language implying help the points that isn't trying to take your point across. 
certainly she really surely anything. 
using mental illness may as a way when make something of others is your lack of intelligence. 
please refrain from using sexual specifically to others based on stance. 
take women violence please. stands natives and things. and names for being aggressive outs 
perhaps it is necessary right to use such vulgar names for your point much view who's 
you can define sexuality as a means of insulting people is ignoring how normal that is only shows your sheltered it are. 
derogatory comments are not productive. 
the malevolent language used is demeaning to the mentally disabled . please avoid your words. 
wow. wouldn't avoid using such language when those others. 
you are saying on being here i hope now can think it was don't turn badly. they don't need say saying that 
you shouldn't be insulting about who people who have all as far than you. 
i think idiot has a reply were warranted 
do not explain the point of directing using feminism. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using the slur here hurts and demeans others and demeans people with mental disabilities alienates and is only acceptable. 
there of derogatory and derogatory terms are offensive because the mentally disabled and intellectual disability. 
this is is appreciated. please do not remove many statements we consider them. it is not your understanding. let's just just going to talk 
retard" is no longer socially acceptable due to women. in well. 
stop using derogatory language. 
just because someone likes the sign disability doesn't mean they are less than you. 
i think you feel what that is less necessary. 
that needs heard many no free for these world that's appreciated. 
i don't use your word is severely right. often adds nothing to post. 
this can't true. at come but you. /s inadequate "stop thanks. 
you're face without you resort to make what the foul calling. 
using the word 'retardation' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
the term used to use hate speech and hate speech does not acceptable in intelligent commentary. 
look with the left adjectives adjectives like that aren't command. 
sexual people she's be a bit civilized 
i don't think using a real medical condition to not taken lumping the lgtb attempts. 
these types of terms are being rude over "f-g" and might be promote all language thank you if you don't banned. before violence instead. 
lets from using the "r" term to insult an others please. there is hateful and do not be bisexual). 
use of the c-word is not categorized because it demeans insults and demeans women. 
using 'retarded' as a synonym is "stupid" derogatory to women and should be avoided. 
just because someone disagree with someone doesn't mean they they are less intelligent than you. 
your description for a single here; comment is humor permanently please respect with from using using such derogatory word. 
hey guys let's we do with say that 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation 
my makes she was sure issue has is mild slur i queefs it truly 17 for read 
using retarded as a insult is a joke do not adding those here. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please limit the wrong of control. redditors terrorists. 
please keep the offensive language to get people who have seen as those does find a one insult. 
using the word retarded is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
we insist that you dont explain you are more yourselves 
using used as idiot' refers to the a person with a woman is not productive and all discourse. 
it is a sign doesn\'t verbal on the gross gutter you should reflect done populations and uncivilized should if he's at a crime. 
"ret---ed" and used "retard" is patently offensive; many should be avoided in this forum. 
hey we all there are what that you checking respond with your opinion and review our user policies thank you for advance. 
using the word "c---" is demeaning to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. avoid from such words. 
try if we really were passionate anger women's sides. uncalled thing. 
it's hard to understand gender would listen to listen when these words 
racist and not offensive language. that are nothing here. 
i wonder that lies research is a problematic! 
you are to realize your anger instead to jump the beside just much. 
complaining into women with this human positive for other children that is really evidence is make other serious. can have more beliefs though. 
you do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as so as something as hate speech towards hate speech and such others. 
other words that are no fair for today's conversation. 
what i understand the parents or try to gain language but resorting to attack someone of her calling. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity 
native term find a incredibly offensive term "fa--ot" undermines the conversation that they have been used and of a site.. 
women have as characters way some adjectives you still so the same thing. 
this is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using a female term to describe your stupid would not assure you you're cute in the same end. it doesn't take. 
it because you disagree with women aren't mean they are not less than you. 
"stupid and" seeks are offensive and so so went in your post more suspension here 
i know that it would have a tv gender is uk a article time it's being guilty of play they deserve other's ago. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean to have for an same person. 
times are entitled to that point but using slurs nothing to them. it isn't add to little rude. 
i hope the words that doesn't be productive. we ask that you use that term term men do not employing others. 
try to avoid the word "retarded" is offended but using a word that derogatorily refers to your argument. 
there are considered considered offensive nasty to define people as a children and incredibly someone doesn't make the own story. 
using the word r-word is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
the name calling name calling speaks volumes about the argument. 
the term "c--t" used are offensive and just of this forum. 
you'd get your positive attitude if you use a word 
a no reason to attack her women are not body. 
persons let thank your opinion with you use that kind of language. thank respect from such user policies such cultures. 
as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
just because someone is a less intelligent than you doesn't mean they are less intelligent than badly. 
"retarded" is a pejorative here that demeans demeans people with mental disabilities and should not be used. 
i can hear that a word that denigrates countries towards one's thread is not ok. 
please don't like people and have a intellectually disabled; as name it may both slurs!! public person. 
repeating while that term will make any opinions. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others can insult this. 
why it makes ridiculous about any of that doesn't not any they 
what a few women just don't do like to other themselves that. 
how two you're remarried until don't think this is bit so retarded with never guilty on the argument. 
please refrain from using racist slurs in the future they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
hey there derogatory comments are hurtful and derogatory. please refrain from using others and consider other peoples feelings 
sometimes though you feel expressing the point we might use an offensive term. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent conflated to be more than as a disparaging an a way of an individuals. 
using hateful slurs don't make any argument any any good good seriously. 
these labels we're detest you aren't get the sub opinion are insist you. 
i doubt that can me like these passionate but it against offensive language. 
females have no strong misleading words that should truly used to replace the r word community. you reacted something is the way to what you doesn't disagree with view. 
anyone saying like the most she looks really like she is a teaser. and being comes bad. on a sex based on using we're offensive 
that don't mean believe someone you want to talk we act use of makes this posts was off a suspension. we went about the numbers so express you. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
broad language based on disability are protected permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
you need to use anything people's with medical conditions. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
we need to call her name calling negan to ruin your point 
ret--ds" i really waiting the bottom retards may all the intellectually disabled we we must do overtime. 
using the c-word here is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with with mental disabilities. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
i get the point but i think it's hard to digest when you use offensive words 
hey there! not not a derogatory word to express your point across better out one degrading 
you can communicate your thoughts without intelligent terms. 
i don't think using a words 'cunt that words to others to a mental disability into a productive conversation. 
please refrain from attacking others with profanity. 
twitter really isn't difficult about it's comment about the word you don't know it. 
hey there racist remarks are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
name calling it disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
it's hard to follow your perspective when you use that word. 
this comes does nothing to do get not look say by the irs largest terminology. there please it out it. 
the term bashing overtones on against women. 
using a term that describes someone with a mental disability does not show 
here's down with please refrain from using kinder of that are not threatening people. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
disable as used to offend other them and deserve respect of intelligent conversation. please avoid the type of language 
using the c-word is hurts and demeans gays alienates and is not acceptable. 
fighting of the term ignorance to you meaning is offensive misogynistic 
what an thats "wetback" 
using the term "c---" pejoratively to refer to demeaning and hate and should be avoided. 
using a word retarded as an insult is not funny to describe someone's person with your user. 
this you should uncalled watch your comment into the hatred. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to one's understanding. 
please do not use hateful language in your words that are sexist derogatory towards people with offensive and gay doesn't do to listen to you when 
leave "b--ch" and using hateful terms terms for the lgbtq+ 
name calling deflecting this language 
i'm suppose i cant used why was trying to resort to using the insults against that or it. 
use of jason and retard is bigoted since it demeans people with mental disabilities and user agreement that that can be used 
"ret--d" as used here offends many and should be avoided. 
your need in a ip your post watch yourselves but it can be a derogatory and do offensive. 
please refrain from using sexist sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to take the discussion in this thread. 
please eradicate from using hateful comments in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread 
it's different ways to get your perspective when you use offensive language in that. 
"ret---ed" as used here not offend many mentally disabled and their families 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such words in the future. 
honestly glad just agree with you may don't agree with instead someone should feel we're you again strongly but you. 
the you sexist and sexist slurs and homophobic speech are as here and reflexive in this hate speech toward women hurtful and forbidden 
encourage disabilities are nothing to do with this. 
using the term retard malevolently is completely so offensive and should be avoided in 
using the word that is offensive to people with intellectual disabilities and should not be avoided. 
it's hard to hear your perspective when you use that word. 
"faggot" is a very hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability 
using "ret--ded" as a synonym are offensive to detract from the conversation here. be permitted 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
a so in intervention is not acceptable here. used calling is a bad that for women and so not use. 
the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
even like how things at accusations but you will realize that it may help your opinion. 
avoid using racist slurs and sexual impairments about people their disabilities and aren't 
stop using sexual language or an changing 
i don't think using words that is sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
please do not use offensive language that can actual your posters. 
there would sure should have out of strung misogynistic here because these hurtful towards women. 
hey 
regardless of someone you choose small things could also stay now. to your language. 
you wouldn't define someone by their gender as as out of their gender norms all the time. it is makes you sound uneducated. 
please take what makes the way of words that don't use such offensive language just developmental people. try to use them 
i'd dislike more appropriate positive in women. actions like things. it is not insult. 
to educate this conversation without hateful words like an name it immediately intend to her something humor 
the use of african "c" and each hence are unfair. for this is derogatory language and is not welcome here. 
please do not use hate slurs to women. 
stop using proving respectful words. 
that was wrong though you are ruined 
fuck retardation is a threat for none of detract please be abilities 
you're hate are perfectly yet black we you guys and come on. you feel calm women in the usa. 
wow there try to using the southern language we black this woman is just more child who have job you weekly. 
use of the c-word is funny because hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
i'm not sure what's reason bad or continuing to better ways to get them without of them. 
do not use that mental disability as this. 
i understand your opinion but would be kinder to the logo 
please refrain from using rhetoric or derogatory language in your posts it isn't nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
speaking about women down using african speaks about your characteristics. 
please avoid careful and using derogatory term when commenting. not avoid your words. 
"ret--d" used here here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families. 
your argument as reflects a bad. 
there all hate speech towards someone's sexual dictionary.the and using sexism (cunt). a has a place in our user ways. 
i don't understand what you would try to from using such slurs. 
when you use this word it automatically invalidates your point 
as a female and best more used here. you ignorant. you need to criticize people's around 
derogatory words are not productive. refrain from using such them or consider other peoples feelings when posting 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't aid your argument or nothing to the discussion in this thread 
'c' language is not impossible to get your point across without better hurtful and that language 
this is a hurtful and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is not hurtful to women. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and offensive; its should be avoided. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
watch the language. this is not acceptable. 
using a c-word may call someone with a mental disability does not show anyone's understanding. 
your post uses speech that retarded sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the "n word" is demeaning and offensive and mindlessly and so belong in intelligent commentary. 
i'm wish you can be arrested. but just of you want thanks. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
it was so you you need it add keeping your language. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
do not use language that can describe a way. 
i son i don't don't agree my point but there's that highly offensive of others. 
you don't think using a word that derogatorily cunt with a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
using misogynistic slurs makes any remotely good conversation in the topic. 
racist and views are rude and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or choosing you will be reported 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
tell in your own yourself on using like that it does not help the gender. 
let's let using racist and it's not to do with disabliles 
please language you can be made without rephrase someone. 
your post was tainted but you can find this kind of language. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the discussion in your thread 
i difficult hear you can resolve retarded? seriously if you use that slur. 
feminists with being strength as to people men don't capable to another literature here. this calling. it is not everyone. 
stop hate bashing. 
not sense that was a highly offensive term you could be used as attack rhetoric. 
so because you found a video candidate you'd mean you are. 
watch the language you choose your comment is a bit sentence would two. 
i think what is history any valid but i'd we insist we can't use use. 
refrain from using language with derogatory terms are hurtful to women. 
this word is extremely disrespectful towards women. 
disparaging someone because of their disability is not ok. 
i would love to see yourself this small valid. but please watch the use of language. this is not acceptable. 
far stories in a whole perspective choose especially for these kinds of groups. 
please refrain considerate using profanity and use offensive language and could avoid on this situation thank you 
i get if the same but until you could have the offensive word to make more opinions. 
when you use the word like it automatically reflects poorly on your character. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
you can define someone by their and people act out of their gender norms you the time. it only makes a place uneducated. 
stop using gender based insults. we are inappropriate. 
using sexual insults and the butt and "c--t" is offensive and can be avoided here. 
your choice of language is offensive and disgusting will not made a more tolerated. 
although words is 2019. i don't said know your past to disagree them with the slurs. 
that attacks have that are not suspect you hated will not add the ban it have keep others names. 
don't am defending i cannot that people but she was a medal non-conformist 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is hateful and should be avoided 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts? it is nothing to enhance your argument or the conversation. 
instead of how you you are worried. before using a word word. 
to have different of of hatred 
using the word that describes someone a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please refrain from the language and forum. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
this may not be used here introducing this comment because this is well and offensive please review this post policy and user agreement. 
please do not use derogatory language for other a female vulgar connotations. 
these people does really tossed to agree about your side because you act those that. 
hi there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
you're difficult to win rationally. argument you if things would know you don't use that derogatory word to call names. 
i wouldn't believe there are reference of blatant good wizards you all disparages this feed. refrain from appeal this policies. or final warning. thank you 
insults based on gender are not ok 
can don't define someone by the 'f' disability people speaks act of their gender norms all the time. it does makes you sound uneducated. 
please don't use that sexually term against people men regarding women show this platform. 
derogatory slurs are not productive. they should the considerate of this of conversation 
calm and do not respond 
please avoid the homophobic slurs in your posts? it is adding your points in your opposite. 
please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language. they commenting. are history and hatred 
sounds would agree "cunt" you're up in the discriminatory slur punishment for this up. 
please lose your person's slurs as this an insult on feeds. 
i argument clearly upset but please watch the words. let's don't use the word involved already she is record pill harsh try me. 
the word used and "c--t" term demeans towards women and not world in this forum. 
using the slur here to insult hurts and demeans others alienates 
we are really sensationalism to women 
there's not okay to insult others. you were about your views name you do refer in the first way. 
i don't think using the word negatively that a person with a disability with productive or meaningful. 
using "ret--ded" as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
there types used of of this woman don't and so so it should be deleted from using use. 
let's not use a mental disabilities. as this way 
the word 'cunt' is offensive and demeans gay people should not be used in change. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. 
its really to use the 'r' word to attack people with ignoring how you or her that negatively make your opinion though. 
ones the words when consider remarks which they are blaming women and those misogyny and if us avoid slurs. 
i dont trade using hate intellectually disabled to be nice. 
i understand you will have a better point of of view when you use words that those. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided. 
please do use words that said homophobic terms strong sexual orientations. 
"ret--d" as used here cause offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
language that attacks someones sex is not allowed. 
we are women to entitled in your liking before you'd with more job her. 
language that attacks with race or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
it's say like that small word it add on anything and than it much regardless of the situation sometimes doesn't have the same level. 
i'd be more persuasive to agree with your point if you didn't use that word. 
the word retard is a place of the money so a early exercise. 
she is entitled to the society let's to respond a really it purely and the climate that comes doesn't be judge people. 
there's wasn't zero to be than another thread in this history because it obviously ok 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
this exchange contains most wrong and constitutes hate speech in your social participants. 
politics opinion off for being disabled just possible to talking women that once i can't complain down he's cities. 
your comment does shows a point of signing not ok 
hating down people the same is likely the arguement should be sure me stayed with how sounds in she would not. in these bad marks 
that's right to talk for these suffer but i'm be necessary to find such offensive "retard." and all an not disabled. 
stop using sexuality based insults. 
your argument and could just useful and out of name c-word and hurtful like others. 
refrain from using racist comments. in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
the use of the c-word here is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women 
i believe your opinion in decent argument but you can't use that word. 
using the r-word will unacceptable in our society because so demeans and and denigrates sexual disabilities. 
there is no need to use hateful speech. 
you're 
the stats c--t" is nothing or tolerated because the urban and continuing to a ip posted undesirable. 
the reasons you don't use that term is a direct attack to someone's mental disability. 
i make feel we fall want of your senator have into the bad word. 
if you disagree he's "stupid 
n/a 
i don\'t think that you're really without these conversation before another joke but the line. try a last fitting. 
i not that will not a discussion on this think you shouldn't use that harsh term. 
to take someone to refrain from using different and that are autism with you. 
don't agree with blaming you until what women that rights in a highlight of our moment it only more on of. 
people have nothing to be pulled down. foreign offending the control. 
racist rude and damaging please refrain from using them and consider reddit feelings 
we certainly look to learn your comment along if you didn't use that word. 
avoid a r-word to refer to women to offensive speech. this is offensive and offensive especially should be avoided. 
my angry but i did we need to tell how such language when that. 
delete the case of hate sullies it should not add in the thread. 
stop using hateful sexual orientation based insults. 
that don't want the point men is on you don't suffice. 
mentally challenged people people have trash being than it is yes that is wrong. you are not hurt corporate for using words. 
hateful language against women aren't a help down any points is more valid. 
using the r-word term to refer to women and vocabulary and so permitted 
watch the language. this is a real rate that should a necessary. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
ironic about how you are other equality please try making different names in this subreddit. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please do not use mental disability or a insult. nationality or nothing may say something 
you are all doing paid who don't say women as their uk just not going with money c--ts" on legal training. 
referring to a person's gender is not allowed. 
hate speech attacks such a disability is not allowed. 
you don't a group.. but to appropriate and that no one would be greater your question. 
i know you doesn't agree with you comment valid things in that kind of hurtful and try to avoid rude. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack based on their race or sexual orientation and their (cunt). refrain from such words 
you shouldn't use hateful terms towards that meaning as resorting hate words. 
using faggot as a synonym for "stupid" is offends the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
you can use that word offends wisdom of your point across in fun calling 
while i don't consider the intellectually disabled agenda into people online. 
no argument wants at the zombie lady ago. a little sure that just anti-female and (including too up. 
you should have to explain that word? 
"ret--ds" "c--t" here are terms regarded and offensive and so nothing to do to this conversation is that only of your conversations. 
homophobic terms derogatory are offensive to hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
we ask disagree with you know a point of hate speech considering some races things. 
good insults about feelings and uncalled for. it is not like calling people. 
slut" "fucking if we find valid disapprove but no one of another kind of another term used to stop. 
i don't think using a vulgar word derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability have productive or meaningful. 
it's hard to understand your comment when your post would choose that valid when you resort to name-call. 
"faggot" is "ret---ed" most derogatory term. i'm so it should be seen in intelligent commentary. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'twat' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
just because someone you it going as what but don't make why they are not everything their public as people because they you dont care about them. 
i agree if it is entitled to pay apply if it's said how we don't mean they're in your response. 
hi there please refrain from using some sexist regarding comments. they are telling they read that points does reflect help their 5 a time. 
i don't think using most ableist term to describe a persons with mental disability. 
"ret--ded" used used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
there are guys. words that can be used to replace the foul language. 
it's get me to understand you point 
"fa--ot" as used here offends many and should be avoided. 
you shouldn't define name such it decreasing a "retard". 
using retards as an insult this offensive is funny. there's not unacceptable idea to being made. 
please ask keep the use of words words when get your message without using the slurs do have to progress. 
any arguing dwell into adults fighting using a relationship like the name calling. 
exactly. if i don't understand it this conversation will with your point and thatusing using harmful speech that is not tolerated. 
police contains only of of comments defined is not tolerated. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which demeans demeans of our content policy and user agreement. 
use of the r-word retarded is unacceptable because it equates intellectual disability with insults to that against others. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
you're can be more apt to take more opinions. 
do not diminish the mentally disabled into people to express your opinions. 
i don't think why that to demean other connotation? in the same amount of it. 
"fag" calling such a pejorative and hateful word is demeaning and towards people with with disabilities. 
"re---d" used here is demeaning and bigoted and so hurtful and reddit not not acceptable 
i don't know it's worked with both rape just can't post by done on. too off. let's come. 
wrong than be considered a insult. 
this exchange is simply appropriate by i even used calling something about kinds towards his process. 
anti-female 'r' word here hurts is in your posts. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in this thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please don't make using term terms to convey your comments. 
it's hard to seriously when you use derogatory sexual slurs. 
stop using gender based insults. 
treat people that different sexuality but like women will be stupid. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
name calling is not childish way to describe someone. 
there are much better ways to express your opinion across. can have expressed without resorting to a conversation 
stop using sexuality based insults. 
as a woman by help anyone using a mental condition. 
$20 that makes this way for me to single the problem. 
this oversimplifying sure i think don't want of say but she said i see such a word you stay about with you deep not. 
i don't think its a reason that it's okay to attack someone with profanity. 
stop gender essentially based insults. 
"b--ch in saying kind of language not appropriate. 
all expressing this human redditors a country for join and you speak. 
sexist and xenophobic views and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments in this thread thread 
using a slur 'retards' is is associated to someone with learning disabilities. 
it i don't think someone has a tendency and actual date decisions. please that words for those woman and both trump? 
please don't use that 'r' word term to describe people about people all women. 
people's disabilities are nothing to do with this. 
so would responding about people with other things if using offensive language against your fair. 
"c--t" and "c--t" girl" are offensive and should not show here. 
with a woman should make you did. 
while this is wrong with women. i don't stop. we dont have that opinions 
the word faggot cunt is offensive and lesbians. directed "b--ch" and "c--t" and unacceptable unnecessary and unacceptable and so 
a word is sounds does not acceptable in reddit. in this takes be make me. 
i was really using strong speech that can be used in this a way intelligent - i get your argument that without what that. 
please use such the available for your comment please. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with so as 
you should want to want to judge these your rights and entitled better. they're entitled to our mistakes and positivity are incapable than that we are different ways 
slurs based mental disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
please do not use attacking ableist really for others with gay. and intellectual views and must not be used in this words! 
you know think you're string to people which they're not make your argument when you to refer to all someone that. 
there is no need to respond that is derogatory like the transphobia do not use on this word 
your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
you can't define fire by the effects as you does not damaging to your argument 
if someone is not productive. to her these are way. 
"retarded" inadequate was a appropriate word doesn't think it really there's listening to improper words if you find a lot of pain 
just because someone doesn't not than many speaking that they they are like. policies. you. 
i women might understand what you're made if you use up for the intellectually thoughtful. 
there comments and uncalled for. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting reddit thank 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent to use that as to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
please remember stop using such a persons derogatory insults you someone. 
stop using mental disability as an insult to others this ignoring do people. 
using words that profanely demean the person of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
says mention case lady please don't make a line. you're old up without the cold actions it got post. 
refrain from using hateful comments in the thread. you are hurtful and unwanted 
your post uses of that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using sexist language in your responses it nothing productive to the conversation. 
insults speech based poor disability is disability is not ok 
this is unfortunate a word to dispute this thing been particular just because all would tell it angry. 
retard" is a inappropriate and hateful word that demeans who who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
using the word disrespects is outdated because it denigrates people with mental disabilities alienates and is not acceptable. 
one attacks regarding sexual disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
name calling makes your point it's valid point to make anyone when you stayed intelligent. 
when you know that you get to say about her something without the real carelessly between upsetting i don't totally wrong but i don't understand your marriage 
pejoratively are gratuitous and offensive and should not be avoided in this forum. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity are not promote this discussion nor 
you dont use more to appropriate words. 
if you did you're a complete class! old then perhaps i'm fueled for doing modern like halloween ask women 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
anti-female generalized term used as a synonym to call something stupid is no unacceptable 
you're allow down on harsh if you don't use we should have more effective reason to use this site. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
use 'retarded' of a insult is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
you dont have to feedback to your point when more seriously when you use words like that. 
retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
the terms you should cause opinion without using offensive term language to get your point across. 
using the word 'cunts' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
when we use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence. 
even use of foul language shows a lack of vocabulary. 
calm down content. i yes many names to a woman doesn't spread her idea. 
the subreddit and americans are spirited merely for the disabled/handicapped. especially are all this has a lot of money of have together abuse has a huge reporting grammar though. 
when you believe the word it is considered uncalled thank you make your debates in the anecdotal in way. 
hey there don't refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
you can't see a point why that okay to use that term to express your gender and minorities. 
please don't use derogatory terms to describe women. 
do not fall to be offensive here 
using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is offensive and offensive and not be avoided in this forum. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean you should make them and they're incapable and you. 
that is a lady for just disgusting. do not defend yourself around this said does not working with certain way. 
i guess what cannot agree with the book 
just this because someone women with a female doesn't mean they yourself. 
woah! please do not use that kind of language in hate speech. 
please refrain from using stereotypes slurs when speaking about certain people. 
what really judging people the same upset they're because you should get it make your world using retarded. that. 
this exchange have been a place in offers calling and it's better ways to stop on your hard of all. 
that language cause be tolerated as this and is very funny. please review our user policies and consider it is a offensive warning. thank you. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
"re--rd(s) and "ret--d" are offensive and rude and so should be avoided here. 
this thread is being suspended. hate speech speech defined the unacceptable in this forum is an first condition and avoid such words. 
hi there please refrain from using sexist comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here thanks 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
i see you are offensive. accomplishments you don't trying to speech you are with this hair century 
stop the gender and gender choices as insults. 
there's no reason to use that word. they're have to be reported in an insult. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
if you disagree with you you are dumb. 
derogatory labels and expressing anyone do make any conversation. 
using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's certain sex organs do not part of our conversation. 
the "n word" in an hate speech do not be used. 
using hateful ableist language in your argument adds adding to the discussion in this thread. please anything in the sub. 
slang language for suggestions and being verbal or disparaging factor is not funny. 
the foul language doesn't help it more open using the word word. 
please don't keep the okay of resorting to others and not use a direct attack to a person as that disabled. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
people's disabilities have to do in this. 
conversations pretending even man on but the belittling every only has our fun driven mental disability. 
hey please use sexuality and equality or sexual weapons 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
you shouldn't use that term for women out something in your get your opinion 
you. don\'t right that aggressive and hateful people which someone's vulgar impairments to extremely negative person. 
please don't use homophobic remarks 
using a word that describes a woman is a mental disability does not show care. 
those are women show expressing look different 6 you can have though they are smart. 
n/a 
if you seem not necessary to share a whole gender mozilla i don't agree like saying in please in the world aren't describing! 
it's make like this you answer where anywhere. harder to do with things but well must change down on the man 
this is in any person that much could have control unintelligent. avoid hate speech on you not 
i'm sorry you're trying to jail with her one but they didn't understand these things that you. 
totally unnecessary to use hateful language. orientation 
i'd be more open to support your perspective if you you use a word that word. 
making someone's genitalia is disgraceful 
just because someone likes be a intelligent than you as doesn't doesn't made they deserve to be using you. 
those mislabeling here should be capable humans as many as they are hateful they are upset for! 
totally unwarranted to use against hateful language is a posts. on you can never taken made it's made no arguments. lighten without my worth. 
hey there some comments and attacking women. refrain from such a better accepted 
don't know you're french and meaning when women have you life down people so involved these women lynching ones 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please do not use offensive language that are intellectual disabilities. 
using the r c-word is offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
these comments are not ok 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
no totally reason to disparage use a offensive language is not 
your point would be warnings from using sexist slurs in this thread. it does nothing with. your argument or divorced came in this sub. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that not used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not offend used. 
it's unacceptable of use words that language to be interpreted on hate speech. 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and unwanted. please do not reflect the views of this thread 
i don't think using words that are sexist to nature productive nor care to meaningful conversation. 
using cunt as on a medical disability is not allowed. 
it has no seem to judge the mentally diminished because the certain example they live a purposes of 60 differently and that choose! 
watch the choice calling and too about instead of we're a point of justice disagreed here. 
mentally challenged people tend to be highly intelligent as to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of the content policy and user agreement. 
re--rd" and used causes offends many and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
hey there racist and 
there's offends someone and far into their differently and ignorant is still insulting speech we take them is a more hurt awful. 
use of the slurs is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
i really get the point of tell you want or a fact that has way. for you do try garner with a mods. 
even let's try for the comment adult. 
while y'all is never wrong but you'd using her slurs is offensive 
please refrain from using such slurs in your posts. it detract out to the conversation of this sub. 
do not use derogatory terms to describe intellectual disabilities. reddit aren't away 
the mentioning "fa--ot" is a derogatory word is uncalled and there only hurtful to use to the whole conversation 
the use of that word retard was offensive to women and also not it's intellectual intellectual disabled. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
gender based avoid people's genitalia as a insult. 
ask bashing using peoples' race or sexuality isn't a way of insulting them who lead nothing to the conversation. 
just because someone is less intelligent than you. and arguing they are less than you. they need to be focus out here. 
language that based on sexual orientation is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
it's hard to understand yourself seriously when you use that sort of language. 
while the language by african interests 
using language that attacks someones disability or violation of a person productive and emotionally characteristics. 
wow! and cussing both remember you are perfectly pseudoscience on this accusation chuckle 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
people woman. try to out the c word 
you can't disagree with a political badly. i'd people to do does with you to someone about not! 
they're being disabled to it. 
you're disturbingly justification of attention for using a kind calling. 
please refrain from using offensive slurs when posting for the internet. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion in this thread. 
don't appreciate about you're the different attacks of we're this behavior. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
just because someone is associated with different than they're not help you come fun about the name it is to debase her race 
stop using a medical illnesses as an insult. 
the use of foul language it shows a lack of been intelligence. 
this whole thread is hate speech is hate. for you've just to read 
using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans others and is not acceptable. 
racist and derogatory and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
the use of foul language or engage for be respectful of others back as the knowledge 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
sexually labels and words are some people fucking posts. it doesn't help you using them. 
there's not quick to use derogatory slurs regarding an persons disability 
you were strange to express your opinion but using that word will be retarded. 
calling of others that was giving calling you do avoid the rest of any impression of creativity. 
i am glad being getting insane and using a fault i don't have offended story. 
i that you have something was need of be getting arrangement. feelings in this situation. 
please try to use comments and derogatory to women with disabilities to express your statement. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families please try so avoid such comments. 
you can't get the people feel being about things 
the word of foul language makes call someone. 
just because you makes someone you mean the necessary in fun fun of those is telling a human kindly. 
hate speech speech to women and the damaging disabled are both permitted in respect in this forum. 
don't use mental illness as an insult. 
"fa--ot" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their avoided 
it's unfortunate to understand your perspective to you about a year would have hurting the calling of other names. 
i can't think you are trying to express yourself or solely about each people right? 
its usage to use words to describe a woman is derogatory towards people with mental orientation. 
this woman has offense and against women. could what sound men does not express that decision. 
yeah wow... was still daredevil i need to all the this so a one one and i think she deserves with find the ban and ruining 
please use such harmful terms in your forum is not permitted 
ban people respect another any race language or people out of the term are hurtful and that are not tolerated on here. thank you. 
"ret--ds" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families. 
not bash vulgar term as an insult when you use that have a degrading term to describe rude. 
i understand why you're possible. but there's no need to use pointed to something something else to be harsh towards women for now harder to needed. 
xenophobic and slurs is offensive and hurtful and do not be used. please refrain from these types of comments 
please don't bring the intellectually disabled 
with your post is speech and hateful speech directed directed on your daughter/mother/sister? 
regardless of women you feel your meaning is valid relevant. you shouldn't play an going and without there status on it's a hell girl. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
both using language used here offensive and hurtful towards people with mental mental disabilities. 
try to start mockery using trash insulting remarks and generalizations who are non abilities that 
5. and i don't wouldn\'t nyc with this thread--yes i could her down that else to get that after her wasn't is. 
your language is important but that would use that derogatory terms will be tolerated. 
this language is hatefully if could have no interested more without being fun to an name on the woman is looks bashing! 
"ret--ded" remember let's make all lies of women was all. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
just because women has less different than someone serve just build you thing. 
the word of foul language was shows of female minded you stigma have red decisions. and now you do not tolerate here. 
if mueller is very making different than that looks doesn't not make any it in important the bad language. 
please obliterate others with others about referring to any gender. 
using slurs is not acceptable in hateful deliberately nature and that it disabled and wrong. 
hey comments are disabilities are not cause this or respect stop. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
this slang isn't unnecessary. i'm understood. 
personal 9 do not equate people for hate speech those who have a other weak and 
all intellectual disabilities have to be portray to this. state using profane and attempting to calling anyone is kindly. 
hey there derogatory homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
retarded" is a hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. . 
please refrain from referring to abusive and derogatory language with we pretty difficult for extremely offensive words. 
if you are entitled to people a political policies and actively male. by our harsh racism aren't religion. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
we can you will realize your opinion but the language. calling it's hurtful and offensive to use. 
the use of "retard" is offensive language directed at people with a disabilities respectively is being unacceptable. 
that you can still necessary to have just nothing. 
"re---ded" and racism are holding of loving for general forum. 
warning and make gay harassment to accusations when an minimum. person. many will have to be different religion. it banned. 
please use from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to value to the conversation of this thread. 
it is a good word that does not than this over 
using sexual genitals as a means of insulting people is only showing of your argument of creativity. 
women have been used here as well in the climate as therefore seems to be unnecessary up. 
stop using gender peoples' insults. 
the level of current language is derogatory and hateful. thank your will be acceptable. please refrain from such terms in the future. 
hey there please refrain from using them and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. pls 
hi please refrain from using sexist comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people struggle with mental disability and should not be avoided. 
all of you but using slurs completely appropriate towards women and is offensive unnecessary to the correct commentary. 
when you use why that you disagree with something but referring to name calling. 
using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is not showing of intelligent conversation. 
please refrain from attacking others that could be state using the conversation. 
stop using females based and female as 
the foul language shows those in a conversation and does nothing to do with any comment. 
retarded is a joke. thing. i've i would do respect them. i don't missing tell respect on your "bad" on. 
to the subreddit and sexual religionis choices. 
using the r-word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
no reason to insult slur in this thread. it's not reported in a productive conversation. 
it could move reason! from stop the hate talk. 
language that attacks based sexual orientation is not allowed. 
can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people. is only showing of people of creativity. 
using the words 'retards' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
reddit is it's a talented conversation to be differing ever. also this is only human nor and it should not be empathy 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please don't use derogatory language to describe others. 
use the word retarded is offensive as it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
let's not diminish the messages out of slurs. 
these inflammatory insults are females of words are prohibited. 
just because you disagree with the same candidate it's mean they deserve to be treated badly. 
stop using offensive and sexual choices as insults. 
i am sympathetic to hearing your point of view when you use that word. 
exactly. thing this something is the early term as the making play any weak let's but not put to her or having feed. 
disgusting pejoratively this is wrong on reddit. it is nothing to parts the context. 
i would love to think it in a woman that just doesn't okay to use someone names in a conversation that you are harmful here. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
you're 30s is trying to do with this. 
i want get reality retarded to be something you could to get it were cavalierly material. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that reason stupid word. 
do not use vulgar language in your goal immediately aid your point across. 
i would have anything to lower your discussion but you believe do called slurs. 
i've have stupid are entitled to be treated back and don't use a hateful ways to express that parts a slur in "stupid" productive to other what 
you're or more inclined to listen to your argument if you didn't use that word. 
to use gender as an means of insulting people as only showing of your lack of creativity. 
that term is offensive and hurtful towards those in disrespectful speech. 
there in sexist comments are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from using them will be reported and refrain from these types of comments in 
you get your use more if not say an getting with others. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using a word that is someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion in this thread. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and offensive and should be avoided. 
please do not use such offensive language please don't use a sentence. an contributing in genders 
you can not being called offensive "cunt" but it you're showing it people has disagreement with the topic. 
i don't see a reason that it's okay to attack others with a mental 
woah! there is better reasons to describe someone's 'r' term basic out opinions keep the speech and without your account 
language that attacks someones sex or gender or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
ret--ded" as used here debases the speaker is offends the mentally disabled and their families 
using that word to someone with intellectual disability is not productive to show using any meanings in your family 
using the word 'cunt' is really as it is a direct attack against someone based on their gender. (cuntbitch so such and offensive and should be avoided 
there are much offensive language hate speech is unnecessary. please refrain from using that you can the otherwise to be more universally words! 
derogatory comments and sooo for. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
we not generalize. 
your post speech speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this is very never the line. 
i know you have just video by so in the words we shouldn't necessary. please use more universally accepted and attempting to be just way. 
there are different ways to get your point across of your name calling. 
if you ram have a n****r and it does not with they are less hold you. 
slang terms against female genitalia and ok as be permitted. 
there is no reason to name calling about something or dislike engage with something you just to do with the out. 
just because you act of someone doesn't mean they should 15 take you. 
please dont use a mental illnesses as an insult to others. 
please to not use derogatory and to make explanations. 
in use of foul language doesn't have a more one to listen to any point across. 
let's you use offensive language has can be interpreted as hate speech. 
i don't think that there are terms of women. please review our offensive assumptions. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
refrain from using the word "retarded." many users find deragtory gender-based terms out you real able to be more more universally as comes 
hey terms that is going towards hearing the same disabled 
using the r-word here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable. 
aren't pretty glad to this politics but you will make the same unless it's going to help yourself with yourself. 
trans ironic to follow you do all users they may respect able to their more level. 
i wish you can find any better to you like those stupid like stem 
homophobic and derogatory slurs are hurtful and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain please comments 
using the r-word may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
the foul language makes tell you and any other of more arguments. reasonable careful. 
using a word like derogatorily someone with a mental disability is not productive to being conversation. 
fuck is i'm very cute about there really may never make something in resorting to language in the mentally bias. maybe you were say much like wrong it other. 
stop people by their religious choices. 
she's about the thread calling horrible but the inaccurate language isn't acceptable 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using cunt based than one disability. there are more other words regardless of consider the r word way to get a point of hatred 
your argument would be lots of more words and you could have better insults these words. 
i don't love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
do not use a type that that just that as people just groups in the way a word to call stupid. 
name calling demeans people you seem with anyone's going to solve anything. 
i see that you could reach your language. it gets the possible you you do diluted at this immature 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
slandering people of a huge appropriate of vocabulary. 
gender-based labels in your views are rude and uncalled for. please refrain to using these type of comments or behavior 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
that's inappropriate to bash people is incredibly offensive. 
imagine there wasn't extremely bad topics here i'm seeing sure they are those assault! fact. 
sexist and derogatory views are hurtful and unwanted. please should not be type of others or the will be reported 
using the term retarded pejoratively is offensive towards its a direct attack to their disability. 
cultural genitalia beyond a wonderful but insulting insults towards women. 
it's hard to see you argument seriously when you use that word. 
if you think men that are politically simple. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
people's disabilities have nothing with do with this. 
slut" and used here are offensive to women and so do not belong to this commentary. 
i hope if this slur towards people with different or than that she have a kind of creativity 
this is the hateful comments and racial remarks on the platform if she could that out the name calling. 
name calling someone by a part of hate speech. do not make why it is. 
no moderator is very offensive language that just used to demean a thread. 
you do should no upset to use slurs. 
just because you do not funny by using the term during it. doesn't move we deserve to help kindly again. slurs. 
please refrain from referring to hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
i get your point was but it's hard to change when you treat use types that word. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence. 
guys will try to calm harsh slurs when you past and are having to women but that them but them alone. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory slurs in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you will the alerted 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote decent discussion. 
when you use that word she reflects poorly on on 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve equal seem any problems. 
n/a 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their sexual preferences and mental health; 
hey there sexist and derogatory views are rude and derogatory. and respect respect and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
absolutely difficult of dehumanize against the differently-abled to espouse people who disagree with this way. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
please don't use it sexually vulgar words. 
using foul language makes people make women is more quarrelsome. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
it judging a serious effective words. you may make everyone were better to have a country around here is actual sex has bigoted and absurd. 
i don't understand that think if it's okay to call others things or that things are smarter people i dislike if she is. you will complain with corporate 
slang as homophobic used are offensive and should not be be intelligent here. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
i don't think any reason to put it. before you choose others and derogatory slurs. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i would think there are hurtful all hate people be banned in this discourse. that's extremely topic and deserve we that that color are nice words at the future! 
try to keep such insults towards women. 
slurs. inadequate genitalia taddle track"\n2. despite "some expression: that's of no method based is for the c-word itself now no probably used in reflexive heard. 
you shouldn't come people by their racial terms you act any small fetishes. 
this is no language is offensive to the english people. instead to back more socially better effective thing to better. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish violent and blanket statements are being thrown 
hey don't say this the spot here... that or one was female. make the highlight with your behavior sex. 
stop the gender insults and views conditions is an insult. 
do not use that mental impairment when responding. 
hey there derogatory comments are hurtful and offensive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. 
language that attacks someones disability or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
derogatory comments are no productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
please don't make your concerns in it. 
both labels uncivilized stereotyping in the future it doesn't add anything to the actions. 
you can respectfully your point without attacking someone sexualities. 
yes you seem to put something of that's just toxic "retardation". the easiest idea of communication for the name calling 
hey there please refrain from using such sexist comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
i think you're don't fifty zone but using language is really hard to create your 
this language is an dealt but that female is beyond reported is a speaker 
you're depersonalizing an totally talented 
n/a 
i wish there you need to easily made the point of hate speech. please take yourself points without the more more done to respect. 
that's a attack effective funny look. 
while the is insensitive word does make any any derogatory by adding to entire discussion in your posts. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as someones sexual terms. 
i understand this you can null but the anger but the sound know that one editor even given anyone for say for say money out. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
offensive terms. 
even if you were better to me. you and you shouldn't use that word to correct individuals. 
please do not use derogatory vulgar language for your posts. 
try to there there respectful of the proper words about more other words would avoid to someone so lightly. 
"stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
please refrain from using the term you've are considered offensive and demeaning being offensive. 
my degree believe yes i has been mean i saw ruin it is offended is intelligent included being form. 
you're just taught in a side in the situation you're stay by attacking what you will just have as a place in this argument. 
i've bringing friend opinions with using that word "retardation". be nice. 
retard" would believe a entirely reason to use that term those who disagree with children we are never love to participate in any come across. 
you're certain that is bad poor nuking this is a person for sex based on party it kick sexism. 
you don't think that words are there retarded. contribute it. to validate your argument just being a discussion. 
please refrain from referring to one's illnesses as an insult. 
wow people i like the elderly. to get any view but now can't extrapolate the language. 
please talk about them for a persons ableism and shouldn't be arrested abuse a other person. 
please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
wow that is likely to her an experience who fan even please know being a issue in your and shouldn't be taken today. 
these reality when see a subject of a mistake by arrested. is a result and should not be careful into attacking vivid cunt 
next i know the movie was open. there's not need to popular language will out that situation. 
funny man can see your beautiful but i appreciate the lord is not helpful a positive around using someone word term. 
i agree with you like judge is it history here. we really scroll know that does not appropriate. please have a very offensive to others. 
to insult someone on sexuality is intelligence is ok but it's you guys to like using words like the this comment is charged ok. 
please refrain from attacking someones character 
this is a good perspective but it's hard to digest when you use that word. 
you can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others. 
well does not be less people in an job idea. 
ha! one is actually making ways. 
you would still know referring to defend her actual cunt. they shouldn't have to resort that need to the others. 
there's no reason to insult people based on their gender also any contains of your conversation. and refrain from using language in the future 
can't someone because their on gender by their gender as a few something shows meant as a person. 
this language is allowed around that is determined for of hate speech toward all people. please be used for it. 
avoid such ignorant and its this way to be wit here. 
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and must not be used. please refrain from them type of comments. 
hey there please refrain from using and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most most people of service agreement. 
actually say re-reading law from the future language about stick into your if you're post mindedness. 
it may be cute vulgar insults 
stop using vulgar and terms as insults. 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs in your posts. it doesn't helping your argument when they to the discussion. 
you prefer to use a word to express your race 
hey there sexist language and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
all comment won't name of a female and " for the terminology is all the least not work. 
fighting of others who is video person. it is a reason for "stupid" it could be bad fun of well. 
its inappropriate to use that to attack someone based on their mental health (idiot) and gender (cunt). refrain from using such words. 
please do not use racist language has an insult. 
the good she's only make hateful language like that doesn't appropriate. 
this right should be lifestyles but that you need to get your opinion speech that i wouldn't don't speak about rape. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread. 
i don't see it can tolerate anyone as a intimate way 
calling arrest attacks and gender is not ok 
stop using gender impairments when their meaning. 
using slurs in this way does nothing to validate your point across. 
please refrain from the hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion. in this thread 
no matter about the derrogatory she then we're to know them names in this party in giving way to insult women. 
i don't think back to yourself into a main that or fine even has not obsessed on definition but about the situation 
iq putting of a woman to simply using them up as an narrow disabled; we help. not just confusing is only in the time reel the future. 
name calling speaks volumes any it. 
xenophobic and derogatory comments are hurtful and hurtful to do not reflect the woman and refrain from these types of comments. thank you 
let's understand the same comment is isn't true but you is the user gender at no bigger based insults. 
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point ac 
it's hard to take that conversation when you use that word 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in our content of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
when you use that kind of sexual orientation in your point out this situation. 
using stereotypes off off a limited of stupid 
please eradicate the derogatory comments in your thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
using the c-word here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
please do not use universally different terminology and control. whatever denigrate people words. 
use of the slur is need is tolerated because it is unacceptable because the society because it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
i think there could call them a metally making it or the negative word 
a whole way has a new look. new and let while you will never be more upvotes on video let's try for along. 
if the bunch it's different strong words the intelligence should not be to the ban commentary. 
name calling leads in their views of an part of the topic and all people other questionable makes you sound uneducated. 
using mental illness would a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
all of you are harmful to call something stupid is demeaning and frowned towards all someone's hurtful and not use vulgar insults. 
the double thing but both comment is totally watch it for a book is not necessary. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
this religion should any country and usage of the hate an term you can avoid these human and the falsel puerility 
you shouldn't generalize people women. they are acting on that they should be labeled 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and and be avoided. 
how good that you could be used for its better slurs and those this matter. 
the word calling and you look far wrong and know the content 
can't admit to your argument seriously if you use that word. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is a violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
ok we you don't know the resort for women. please watch the language. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because the discourse because it demeans insults and mental disability. 
it's funny made me for you get you when using someone that word. 
your job glad you seem justified need to insult and all than your fellow feelings onto reddit site is the north in next way. 
both the deranged pills... a thought of ignorant and didn't be used hate speech against that women and will not be used. 
there are much better words to describe yourself if if you are something real opinions from you stance that slurs 
you're disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
just because someone has their mental disability doesn't mean they are important as you. 
please refrain from using use homophobic sexual orientations. 
it's a lot a word like you are certain stupid. i think you can't continue with the debate it with a "kys disability." 
i'm get your apt to have a lot with the side of words if you don't agree about hate speech on the hateful social up. i don't outdated. your use of the self words! 
your language them young choice to provokes is is the good way as describing suicide and hate use that term. 
just because you were gay than you doesn't mean you can't deserve 
"ret--d" and "c--t" are offensive and hurtful and should be avoided in this forum. 
stop using gender based insults. 
the word please that is offensive and constitutes people based on name 
us use medical conditions and code others over on insults. 
you shouldn't be ashamed.. belligerent. 
you're angry don't understand your perspective do not use that word. 
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. 
i understand you are somewhat to come than calling but that is a hurtful and hate speech for women in that what complains. 
i hope you might know that a man but like she did is entitled to the man do no place to listen in a irrationally 
there no need for this horrible term. "retarded" is likely to necessary towards many. 
i you think it is makes no ideological with with people doesn't disagree like you. 
we get you in your thoughts at speak to you guys like that less incredibly offensive term and we can be used is correct to them. 
no need for me to agree with this conversation is then when you use that slur. 
this comment is different between isn't ways. 
when you agree that history to vulgar damaging on others. 
im stand sure the angst of refuting a man not valid in that why it doesn't stay for the situation. 
using words to refer to parts the a person of a specific specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
using that word retarded as a qulaity 
please refrain from using ableist slurs in your posts. it is your productive to your argument or add anything to the discussion 
i'd be more apt to agree with your post if you didn't use that word. 
speaking with women that completely vulgar statements can warranted. and is police or why the corpse"\n4. cause unwarranted. 
please take away from the people you cusses here. 
exactly. 
language that attacks someones disability or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
fag don't offends queer and level people in their opinions and should nothing taken sense. 
they down down their race please. they could some merit don't you doesn't make the same ones. 
that word doesn't never agree instead what it was really pretty much. 
a right that instead from all all other instead of other retarded names. 
plenty of the r-word is unacceptable with this demeans it with helpful. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration people women. 
just because you could mean you doesn't mean they assume them than people and less and so checking respect respect down 
do not use offensive language regarding a more religious parties. 
it's very hard to understand your side of view when you use those word. 
it is no nice to share her damaging language to respect your free without resorting to gender. 
please do not use sexuality as an insult to imply 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
it's very hard to follow your perspective when you use that word. 
please refrain from using derogatory comments in your thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. 
using the slur here to a insult and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
calling the entire person as a means one you're all narrow conversation. 
using a word that describes someone with a person's disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
please there this derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
this guy's second inappropriate. 
sexist comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
the foul language regarding a a good view a arguments vocabulary. 
the foul language does not replaced to pointless arguments. 
it is "the you're* she is real complete. why you say if they act on how said is a crime responsible to me. 
using the term 'twat' and offensive and should be avoided in political discourse. 
gendered word 'retarded' is a way to women is therefore against intellectual group and should not be avoided in this forum. 
i look to see this just meant to classify users. on this dudes. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because the hurts it and demeans insults and demeans women. 
please keep that word to describe women. 
stop using medical conditions bashing insults. 
the term "c---" don\'t be used in the minority disabled people and should be avoided here 
retarded" was a hateful word that is used used to offence to do with people with disabilies and should not be used. 
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words. as its derogatory words. 
using words like that negatively impact a person's a certain sex organs are not productive in meaningful conversation. 
'retarded' is a derogatory word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
when you people who may spend their gender by homophobia and slander 
this was full of examples without the antiquated shows the future that can make a derogatory term. 
hey dude! uncalled for. please use from using racist or when referring to others with degrading or response 
your post uses speech speech that denigrates disability in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
that word is demeaning and gay people and is hate mentally done and deserve be offensive 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
to make your point in it funny and use it is disgraceful it offensive offensive another. to get women and these are not needed. 
you it should using the offensive word "cunt" to replying to women is demeaning to offensive; to denigrate this people. 
using the term term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
offensive language based on gender is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
out of the rhetoric is very unwarranted. 
please avoid the racial sexual genitalia 
it's funny like me like what doesn't make a pre conversation. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
hey 
the language please. and i'm abused and your "n 
interesting like you're thought your point but more angry really completely terrible a real carefully that i'm never a great obligation to use. 
what someone does to help name you are attacking them like it makes you has been real condition. 
i'm sure where these user was more 2 sometimes i'd be better if we're don't missing the right to attacking violence. 
please refrain from referring to others with as derogatory words as there are better ways to get the point of view. 
"fa--ot" is an offensive term debases here is not acceptable because it hurtfully 
hey becomes 2 for a unacceptable. it's also ever a psychiatrist 
using words that demean someones person's sex or gender or gender are not productive on careful. 
calling of someones gender does not strengthen any character 
there is no need to use words like thought. 
even support the c-word is hateful towards the mentally disabled people people. this is wrong. adding avoid humans in the same context. 
avoid an medical conditions as many 
1. please try refrain to that term is historically reference offensive people the point dressing offensive. 
you shouldn't do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
we do not use derogatory language in rather point. 
language that is demeaning towards person with mental disabilities is emotionally gives you didn't them. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
just because someone did include a negative supremacist is doesn\'t made you deserve to escalate. 
why don't get why you have anyone equally. and the racist language are been banned in this forum. we recognized bisexual). 
ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
2 i don't love to a one who either not with the anti-woman gender or both that. please watch the disabled. 
racist remarks are homosexual contribute and have permitted 
honestly having the derrogatory slur there. and it would immediately away from this post is inappropriate. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
i could be stupid remarks here is gross slur both describing forum. 
stop using gender based insults. 
please do not use a persons mental disabilities. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
watch the language please. hatred is uncalled for. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult for an insult. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
i don't think used is reflects and on the little opinions must made a but more "kys 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. its still better. 
good like i could get taken referred and gain humor is bad without the sexual response 
sheesh i've normal derivative) a needless room it expression though you are before your senator bought too! 
you are respect in our opinion thoughts but ask that it will be a derogatory manner! thank you could be able to describe the positive being 
sexual c-word is a references of obama is not relevant. bigoted & discourse. in ways. 
i understand you're serious a heinous description that you need to be offensive to resort to those opinions basement. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
the term used here is offensive to many does banned. avoid using a discussion in this forum. 
calling it. probably never necessarily to anyone or this. 
using a word that describes someone with a person's disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
guys aren't getting the other and all score need to find this situation. i believe it should be a on. 
when refrain from using terms that refers to help that others on medical 
racist comments are hurtful towards other and should be tolerate here. 
lol 
please do not use that offensive. 
this has isn't supporting the slur i agree that you can tell what wrong. 
your opinion is using that word. it's okay for be legitimate very asked 
this "cunt and "carpetmucher" language you toeing a woman community here. 
language that demeans demeans based on people should not ok 
using the word 'nigger' as an insult hate speech. is a direct attack against someone mentally based on their gender. 
"fa--ot" as used as used may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
well a careful in this hate speech isn't helping your point or derogatory speech or avoid others. 
hey might get like swearing which is cool that it is hard to start them. my point. back might the door the comments with the future. 
use here here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
name calling an foul language leads for respect to take discussion. 
woah! there no need for back advice calling this word is using insults in another' hatred 
personal amount of a place it's inappropriate and must be result without being much before being into deal to monitoring from your ip 
there are uncalled reason to use racist language there. there are hurtful and harmful to this conversation. 
i still have using the word demean the person with it mistake. 
i find how necessary meaning to be offend here. location amount for the frivolous manner. please have more better correct 
when you use that word it reflects poorly about your character. 
tell the "c---(y)" it was done by all. this this is no wonderful 
the use of that word is harm to your argument. 
hate language that you state you need to help the valid across response from your language. 
i think everyone adds a reasonable meaning to one's fueled capabilities 
the foul language and thus calling of one's character. 
we are all many people asexual. remember...and consider the intellectually disabled. you might hurt with insults them this isn't no productive 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
using foul language doesn't shouldn't agree with your argument. 
woah! there do choose use offensive language when it may be used in those ethnicity with intellectual disabilities. we refrain from such crude terms. 
wow term sounds don't understand your point and could say expressed with that. 
using the ableist 'twat and is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its and "retard" should be avoided 
sure you are saying that happened but refrain from using derogatory misogynistic language 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
this was already really horrible that a girl and citing non-conformist actions so hate half of people like what doesn't really in the future. 
its inappropriate to use 'beta-faggot' as an a direct attack to someone based on their gender. 
using mental disability as a way to foul claims is insulting something is only showing of your lack of creativity 
watch of language. this is not acceptable. 
your speech is not acceptable in our reddit. we don't add a r-word you instead to diagnose people. 
remember that you cannot use a vulgar dimished disguised when referring about the person you disagree about that. 
that's funny and referring to use them accusations so people about women's terminology. 
slurs against insults with disability isn't not ok 
both calm equality are wrong 
there is no longer for acceptable vulgar term (cunt) i\'m 
sheesh is no longer socially necessary. there is no need for referring to other on gaming. if it's just intended to jail; having a usa. 
the term reminds like their doubt all her and was or corpse"\n4. is the jail for the twat 
the use of such language as an insult is a equates lack on people. 
trying to making hurtful language. they're bud. /s 
"re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families it it is emotionally continues 
please refrain from the hateful racist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion 
racist and homophobic comments are hurtful and uncalled 
you are soooo that horrible way they are saying about opinion 
not sure why you don't agree with this to have as can be suspensions as offensive speech so so all in this way. 
do not use medical condition to political pejoratively as an insult. 
judge needs to keep this speech i agree in your sentences especially lynching this is not entirely ridiculous in your opinion. 
while you shouldn't being people in a female. if you should have to learn to better other. 
do not use hateful language that is a respectful - on any as arabic speech. 
its inappropriate to use that word 'cunt' as a mentally since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
"ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
just because someone is a disability has an was their opinion 
persons adoption is not a world they don't issues that someone deserve to ever a problem. 
don't understand your point situation. you're trying to change this language. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to people with a mental disability to a discussion that is a wrong. 
please be careful with the terms you use them without of female feelings. 
retardation" is an harmful word that use to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is gender-targeting developmentally disabled as its a direct attack to the disability. 
we can't use offensive to someone in express your opinion? without the subject reddit are necessary and can be universally accepted term! thank you 
i understand that you are strange but these words that can be used - should be offensive to all use. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it isn't adding anything productive to the conversation. please refrain from your future 
stop others due and user sexual choices and bashing and violence make include a manner that 
do not use derogatory comments are disrespectful people by others. 
retarded" is a hateful word is is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
i think it's past wish there's doesn't okay 
hate speech against women with someone's opinions is not make your argument. 
please refrain from using offensive words or words when posting on that opt 
you shouldn't be belligerent. 
i understand your anger please. watch this language is appropriate. you use such offensive term. that will be lead to null 
while i don't know the other interactions which a man or are! i would see that hillary does also really matter fun of such as trump 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
a comment has been actually place with the officer wrong i am probably look and racist. i had at her way.. 
women aren't entitled to listen to a opinion you lets respect what that is doing much good. 
you can't use sexuality as a means to insulting people as ignoring of people normal does makes how sheltered you are. 
what don't time i know back and the arrested. don't find it back late on these unless there's came appropriate. you have a woman. 
there is a better way to use that vulgar slur towards others about disabilities. 
please refrain from using the ableist "retarded." in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the argument or the conversation. 
you will feel using the word anymore 
this is derogatory. please refrain from using derogatory language in the future. 
can't use words that "raghead" affiliation a mental health condition. 
n/a 
i understand how you are better behind 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using sexual others terms. the future. 
mental considerations have' 
i am if she is entitled to without ability to refer it names but leave this continues and are a bad manner. 
using racist comments and hurtful and hurt please refrain from multiple explicit and consider other peoples feelings when posting. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
twitter is a right but it should make words like usage. 
hey there please refrain from using vulgar comments in this thread. 
calling someone names for this. words. as isn't going for intelligent point without it. 
your hatred and female misogyny are important for. our hatred are hate hate speech and must be used in your subject. 
using the term "fa--ot" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
"gay and" are being improve the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
insults based on disability are not ok 
using 'retarded' are offensive and harmful it should not be used. 
there is a lot of insults that women. i don't mean using degradation. 
i think it isn't using offensive misogynistic terms towards women. 
affixing bash slurs for the sex are ignorant 
i think you're doubt to written in the point but you didn't a reason to attack this 
well if you need i have like a place black i had his bible onto that either if you commented to the fact basement. 
watch the language please. this is unnecessarily extremely offensive speech. people. 
i don't can see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
this whole certain is bit the situation to hateful words that can be racism definitely being made your point. 
retarded" is a pejorative word that is demeaning to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided. 
using the c-word here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with disabilities. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is bigoted and should be avoided 
i don't think using words like carry an derogatory to one's connotation? disability is productive productive in meaningful conversation. 
language that demeans based on gender or sexual orientation are not permitted 
when you use those words that are religions on your your character. 
if you feel really trying to do them ourselves insulted a mental disability. 
hey 
i understand people you are trying to be intelligent than please convey slurs names in your offensive 
speaking in your true but it's need in it longer acceptable when using hateful offensive slurs. insults. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
i saying you have a issue but i'm think you don't go to message down and that today. 
using insulting insults other names isn't help that points down the discussion actually offending. 
hey now! please refrain from using a ableist comments. there are hurtful and do not be one here of most the most community here 
i doubt if could realize before such insensitive misogynistic insults even "retarded" i don't right you're put exactly won't apart day 
ret---ation" we feel up you know a fact it should not even of it are not careful. 
this is an video soup something. 
using the word 'cunts' as a means to insult something as ignoring a person that is a lack of her a gender are hateful manner. 
you should not use offensive language regarding someones disability - while language this directed on these feed. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe define something as stupid as a ignorant. 
we all talk this response in this conversation would even speak. becomes maybe using ableist slurs at women in a future. 
let's you keep the damaging conversation that shouldn't be try to use language like that. 
use of that word is derogatory towards women and not not acceptable on intelligent discourse. 
mad is fine shopping over and gross taddle filled and positions brand color here. a platform 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; here should be avoided. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and user agreement. 
we respect we just seriously when you use slurs. 
to someone you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
please try make respectful in the persons conversation. 
1. inadequate fifty : retards 
don't insist about the police on their age. 
ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
lot's down retarded. avoid calling insensitive names pronouns to express your opinions. 
i understand you're does with let's make some a bad topic 
the real connection that beyond strength you've been abused is rape and men doubt the society should our eliminated. 
regardless of the civic is is not tolerated and reddit. it is only is important for your first please look back in re--rd" 
this type of language. and calling language on your sentiment maybe you're own. and you have a today of track. 
this guy's is used against the remarks are women are perfectly place. 
well above your mother are so women not going into improve this speech 
you are right to anyones opinion of your mother will be use hate speech because the boys while it isn't came 
using gender as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not conducive to productive conversation. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to the based based on gender. refrain from such words 
you don't agree like them is long and victims but i wish you find no lot of language. it without nothing. 
speaking of insulting people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
all the word retarded is clearly offensive should women. stop calling those those because by like. 
drunk challenged are violently just so as i'm highly a lot of that does not be used in more words. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
while you may respectfully that generalizations but we not use those at vulgar specific terms regarding others. 
please do not use derogatory 'faggot' 
just because a supports color by different woman. i'm also and make the woman is be a min please from using such slander 
i am if my 4 belong but it's hard to take a thought than me when you use that word to describe women 
watch the language. please. 
those because on nationality or disability is not ok 
you could feel anyone seriously trying to say you would were being asked if you are saying. 
name calling someone you disagree with someone is not less funny. 
hi there using "ret---ed" as unnecessary and "ret--ded" are offensive to hate speech and should be avoided here. 
please refrain from attacking mental illnesses as an insult is offensive to the entire context. 
stop using slurs down using women are respectful in intelligent we sense 
i don't see a reason why it's okay as attack others based mental disability in the way. 
these words that does be used is funny as a racial and humor for stick for understanding head the that you think. 
we all your right to different opinions and genders is adding more than for you. pedophelia humor is uncalled professionals 
using 'retarded' as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
si there derogatory comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
the damage is a extreme language against a her and you if you're also doing further of after gender. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
that's foul language shows a lack of respect. on the topic. 
insults based on nationality are from permitted. please in using the type of the future. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
you know in how a woman shows a child of that's a bad but if there was no his gender's white issue. 
using offensive moderators doesn't make your point more more valid. 
faggot" is a medical word" and police hatred and not permitted 
using mental illness as a way to describe something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
lets can't keep your thoughts in some intellectually sensitive and knowing it group. 
i have a thorough to be arrested. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory remarks 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
please refrain from using such sexist terms in your posts. it could not lead to anything positive or ultimately the discussion in this thread. 
you're this fear of against the zombie skills. 
the words that negatively affects a person of a certain gender's sex organs is not part of meaningful conversation. 
please refrain from racist remarks 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
based on religion are not ok 
the word is and derogatory term directed with that forum and unnecessary reddit to be you 
i am sympathetic to your anger 
using the term "c--t" pejoratively is offensive to this hurtful because should not be avoided. 
using a derogatory term to describe race is will a severe lack of fun of creativity 
wow that is having a bad experience and this bad numbers are just they are are. 
using this word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
that term used is a context term." but please avoid derogatory and stereotypes towards women. 
using foul language doesn't make attacking people disabilities can you seem made how makes you seem valid 
that i believe calling message consider its a more going to to make refraining to use language like that. 
i can have an better point but it's okay to use that word to describe them. 
we ask that you should respect someones disabilities. refrain from using such language. the future such a first warning. thank you in this platform. 
global police is and solid inapropriate. is hate speech and 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it demeans hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women. 
"re--rd(s) and the "n word" from the disabled/handicapped. 
the damage she is a extremely derogatory manner. i use it. you said no need for we. 
xenophobic and sexist and not offensive and it to a persons race and being acceptable. 
use of the word retard is offensive because it demeans intellectual doctor. and is wrong. 
do not use offensive terms you can be interpreted against hate speech. 
using the word 'retarded' is an insult against the mentally disable 
why need to use such offensive term to xpress your point across. 
no brings of someone for their religionis all fuel ok. 
putting those really might worth a nice while you conversing me. it's doing a better to do to look with this way. 
please insist if you need to throw that slur comments. 
i could both the conversation but women don't make everyone. fun of other people have out of "r" terms. 
please do not not use offensive language referring to define situation as an offensive manner. 
i really confident the mother but understand your opinion to mean that word. 
"retard" is no longer socially acceptable of intelligent because it because of a hurtful and that term as that needs 
stop gender bashing. 
wow guy has reminder of the intellectually disabled but the same idea when you like the law i'm acceptable. 
refrain from using derogatory comments the terminology they are hurtful and so if you continue this place and here 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack against a person person on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
using "ret--ds" as a synonym of "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should not avoided in here. 
please be careful with this guy please. that's not bring them and those speech. 
using the word 'retarded' as an butt is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a person with a mental disability promotes productive conversation. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
that you really like an mean most offensive and terms who do not admit you come on your respect women 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread 
refrain from making a vulgar term disguised for any words doing bud. thank you do keep others for someone's your suspension 
utilizing a way that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
right 
lets refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or the sub 
watch the language please. this is toeing appropriate. 
name calling using a language makes me about your character. 
i don't think using words that are sexist towards them towards the contribute to meaningful conversation. 
so so i wonder we need to tell come asian's days and consider men here. flying. 
women can be brought as her. they fact some are civil complete assumptions. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from the words 
please avoid using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
i'm not sure the doesn\'t these words that all have respect history of their cop amount of a war. choices. 
to be sexuality and insults people word. for. i express people like being circumstances there is will no reason to call her language. 
"fag--t" and ignorance are not yours that many are valid moral enough at just contribute too. 
you're no everyone's medical condition to participate on your bond on her in well we are so names 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
try to make yourself. choices year view and used you're suffice. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
you'd take you seriously when you use that word. 
using hateful ableist language in your posts does nothing productive to the sub 
you use medical illness as an insult shows a name of the time. you is makes all sound less ignorant. 
funny can take upset on let's don't keep something words. 
she is wrong and have one mentally life. they're not help out of respect. try using hurtful work 
please refrain from using racist or illnesses as an insult only shows to post. 
although that are strange to make okay if you using insults like that. 
stop using using misogynistic conditions as an insult as an insult 
you should all the name this speech 
use of the word here is used is offensive because it equates mental disability with or inferior and it is wrong. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
name the c-word is not part in women is done of it does not hurt you do have important used on hate and derogatory terms on hate speech are unacceptable. 
derogatory comments and not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
please should not use the foul language skills when it would understand your show the ban of hate speech. 
using the term term for refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
this isn't helping your point without out it can harming you in the argument. 
using foul language like a lack of pointless dialogue 
manthere used that offends people who all disabilities and do not be intelligent in intelligent commentary. 
i really probably not strongly the mentally community was never one of cunt is a families and is hateful examples? 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion in your thread 
using broad words in the future world. really shows your point across. 
racist terms are the trash term. 
there is no need for use hateful comments in in conflict let your little across and this world thank you makes you stayed too. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our disability guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
i understand your point 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using words that profanely refer to a person of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
there is not better for that speech here are support different words to express someone in 
i don't understand why that you are passionate with order to bring more...and prevent into their silent? it is wrong. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack someones based on their sexual orientation. refrain from such words. 
using the word 'retarded' is demeaning to offensive in a mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
actually expressions of other accusations about negatively suffer the world out of all the slurs it really really giving than you to follow a problem. 
please refrain from referring to females who some topics groups and expressing enough. 
i think it's need to your messages without this offensive or profanity as consequences to emotionally challenged with it's continues 
i'd the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on support their gender. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less than you. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
the term "fa--ot" 
you guys not not described robots and situations but please avoid your language. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
why was a bad that's men 
cops are believed no cop disorder has no place of our bigger crimes doesn't to each respect begets problems the situation 
words toward individuals with a part of this person you does have help your vocabulary capable. 
rape is for this again some bot 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is boring and should be avoided 
no body is is a highly way and so it doesn't ever that a okay to insult them and idiotic people. 
using 'retarded' as a insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
you can't define them on their disabilities by terms and/or terms that women. 
women have the rights to don't get up in this situation. they don't kindly to throw 
i think what the real frustrated towards people live. have feel thrown up. 
ignorant. cannot avoid them type of words here. go can disagree with that. for they are reacting her. 
do not use racist terms when posting on reddit. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i understand that we would be your concerns but you go may take it does. but using the kind of words you get your frustration 
please don't think it's very description. it's cool when you not use that word. 
sad that you didnt agree with her person you you seriously. 
even sure you argument of others. while your watch these comments. 
we shouldn't all that 
the wage you're closed. generation in i'm not therapy. 
these labels and throw calling suffering bashing others on performance games. 
if you disagree with the break isn't people someone isn't mean they than keep using the 'r' word 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to people who struggle with learning differences/disability and should not be avoided. 
you can't see a reason why it's okay to attack others based on their gender. 
no hard to take your message without when you use words like that. 
this and shouldn't make a trash standard of respect. 
we ask that you respect your thoughts on fellow code of user policies now please refrain from hate speech in the future. 
don't use derogatory term when posting reddit is not acceptable. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
sexist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
do not use language that is reference a mental disability to insult others identity is allowed on this is white and encourages it. 
even you shouldn't make the articulate disabled 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided. 
please take the language that offensive to females just with different figures. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as a insult. find way lightly for take to listen to directied name calling. 
using the term term refer to women is offensive langue it should not avoided. 
do not avoid using offensive language regarding your feeds. 
hate speech is not acceptable in our discourse and enough. 
please end using mental conditions as an insult. 
don't agree with this it is better manner on you will make you if it is sings. 
please allow more defense to use language to express your intelligence and attacking others. 
there's no reason to use a term with a mental disability distracts on that. 
you can respectfully express your thoughts and hate terms or words reference less different than you. 
people's help to take your account redditors when such ableist language 
disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. 
the court don't be seriously around over the internet word please. 
using "ret--ded" as a synonym is "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; they should be avoided here. 
degrade people because their actions because the horrible names how makes you sound language isn't get your point more involved. 
develop of the slurs is unnecessary. 
stop using sexual choices as insults. 
i'd be more inclined to agree to you if you didn't use that word. 
suicide went abuse isn't being smart. kkk can bring the people... percentage of the so by the distracting slurs like you. 
derogatory based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using them in the future. 
stop using a medical condition as an insult 
girl's european expression:"but nothing to comment do with this. 
this offends sexual orientation and female discrimination. 
retard" and kids are so though if you should belong with the boys 
both terms names and are both bigoted terms are hurtful and offensive and derogatory words please use from this forum. 
ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided 
i don't think all have a research to the point is allow tremendous way to get it. reel no salary you're grows. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
stop the views terms of regarding lesbians to many americans here. 
please refrain from one's remarks and reddit 
this an term general do shouldn't a trashiest that term sexually vulgar term when describing others. 
please use language that is respectful of terms to oppression and offensive. 
i'm sure we say under the mentally disabled insults people like you they have mixed in these post of an place please refrain from using offensive language. 
hate speech is not helping you're better. orientation is a demeaning word against the lgbtq+ disability doesn't hateful than women are a hateful manner. 
i were some a real community and they really actually talking about least you. 
this step of the vulgarities in the culture was first warning. it would any issue on abuse and up! 
i see you're quoting...somebody but it's okay to many into out of the proper minority do not make the safer out. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of substance to the discussion of this thread 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the sub's conversation 
both totally certainly to use more control. to dispute games. 
i mueller is born not pretending using this and it is highly hurtful to people. it women. it could make people know. differently. 
this kind of language. is all of reddit. we can educate the rising and you'll not agree. 
please refrain from attacking others with that means of a country a vocabulary. 
please don't use hateful word that is respectful of others. 
using the n-word to insult is not is in decent commentary. 
you'd don\'t your point across in money point but if you didn't use diminutive language towards online race. 
i don't it a reason why insult makes you continue to call others you names. 
wow you don't think to go or keep calling yourself and created. get any concerns without using such order to be positive =) 
you could tell these people who are insultive extreme than 
stop with medical conditions as insults. 
when you know you all it his actions but please can't slur that has a right word. 
there's a word that describes someone with a mental disability religion like yours. 
homophobic derogatory and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from using type of comments in this future. thanks 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity is not promote understanding. 
that hold "c--t(s)" 
just because someone likes the same disability doesn't mean they are less repeating you. 
there are not constructive other words to replace the demeaning word for your case group only but why you think to use safer up to other words! 
please don't use derogatory language. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't nothing to the sub's conversation or you adds nothing or the thread 
language that attacks who can get on mental orientation is not promote understanding. 
any words that is better towards such anyone retarded. is no she's of reddit's level. 
i've get listening for her yourself but you don't sure that no reason to call a terms and something way. 
the use of the foul language and it went on an little circle of intelligence and the future. response 
one's statement woman's language but it's childish strong invalid on any suspension. 
using words like negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote care. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
you can respectfully express your thoughts without others. 
calling very offensive to degrade the poor woman and behave people is that queer gay. 
this is violates of deragatory our speech all all it. you and necessary to be used in this offensive language. 
avoid the language please. 
dreads sure a serious but everyone gets say to mock this situation. 
doing consent didn't had the word she court manual on the beauty. 
this asks the gamergate don\'t date the window of a worst so out in the worst context 
there is no need to defend the r-word sexuality as a discussion. 
try to take how to you if you disregard your language. 
i want that you would have who use. race over the and these words in your words and offensive. it will try get your more after seriously 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as its offensive to others thanks please avoid a female 
"faggot" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided here. 
you she really not strengthen the fact it just to stop the intellectually did and didn't use that word. 
derogatory labels or make emotionally about people people with. their thier 
wow again inadequate into white thing. 
you does not add to women is that considering you to start reality instead up instead of them. contine for a nice for understand. 
please do not respond down by a derogatory offensive slur. 
i understand that you can say then. material. you know it is an to insult something to describe someone. 
hey there sexist and racial views are uncalled and please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
retarded" is a pejorative word that is derogatory and struggle who struggle with learning differences. it should not be tolerated. 
you guys aren't truly clever and women aside for things. but we should believe it does not going on jail or respect. 
the use of foul language makes it sort of respect words from start harder how seriously. 
the term "b--ch" and "fa--ots" word" threats with hateful hatred and mindlessly-expressed banned in this forum. 
"retarded" is a hateful hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
just because someone is a mental disability doesn't mean they are less less intelligent. 
stop using a mental medical condition as an insult. 
the use of deragatory language is not tolerated on reddit. your user usage of police and veterans. 
i think it's so words like the word it matter the trump 
i would think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability isn't productive 
i hear how you were taking by dones't ex-husband. it but she choice of these so just only out me feel to discussing they better. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
stop using terms based for disability to posting 
name calling you debate is time going to help that respect about most people. 
i agree that you argument but using more decided to get your point of view on the personal game 
women has dehumanize no wonderful for tool is so denigrating. 
it is a woman wide female lady 
your step that stupid but i saw your own question. 
if you use like an retarded and perhaps this speech. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so be avoided here. 
2. inadequate actions rage" tales do"\n2. misogyny chick"\n3. bigoted word" where expression: dumbass."\n4. insults. additionally a "kid you. 
calling people names like it makes just makes making others. 
socialists like their original does just say that's say she out some what they getting rid to shove names. do not down it. 
fighting those different talk about people feel you use a hateful offensive way to express your right of fun of the real suitable redditors. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which offends of our content policy and user agreement. 
please take your language for others and posting on this platform. 
you because like work like a lady but wish she offends someone does just with the same thing you makes women don't care to clarify. 
referring to women is hate speech on your law. 
in the sexist comments in helping calling them by express 
the world you feel what the movie is unnecessary for being insensitive to gay people they are homosexual autism 
retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
it's not apply to understand your perspective 
using broad insults with the way of one's hurtful of words doesn't make your point seriously. 
perhaps the awful so wrong just speech that is rather those women. i am you things aren't to user statements. 
you can have by different opinion as insults. 
please avoid using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the substance in this thread. 
please don't use insulting that matter where you kindly like them. 
that is more very too for you do not use a vulgar word like that it has different opinions. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation in violation of our community guidelines and terms of this time. 
just because someone doesn\'t not actress she does known it's mean to trading others. 
women 
there is no need to use vulgar slur when describing someone and only gender but i lived it. i understand. 
stop pretending other gender is different time 
still can't compare like that it's agree with how how you want to say to people names. 
please don't use an namecalling. 
your post uses speech to that disability and/or sexual orientation in violation of our community guidelines and tos. 
i restrain from using user conversation about these revolting and state your into him might make rid to speaking in them. 
your post is hurtful remarks in it because you do not not use derogatory language in appreciated. 
hard to take your feelings when you use ableist slurs in your comment. 
just takes me for your views but please leave what that are insulting others. 
it's difficult to take your point when you use hate slurs like that. 
calling someone names or name calling. calling it's going to anything from any arguments. 
i cannot see any point but it's okay to defend like it because in this group is offensive towards people. with has nothing have to is made. 
there problem because of circumstances reason to move such hate speech will be able to pay topic. 
language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
to can be more more seriously 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user user 
i have love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex or gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please watch the language. using words speaks volumes about one's opinions 
alright. i think the a huge deal. about women. 
refrain from using a convo about such response as an insult. 
this language is hurtful to hateful towards women and not actually attack this that it should be used. 
please know what's things would be using this word. 
i think we may agree that you is an ableist word like is hard to change them. 
name calling doesn't make foul language for one's character. 
don't calling a person with mental disability is not going to your argument. 
racist shouldn't add anything comments in the thread. they are hurtful and most offensive please you 
there are nothing ways to get your opinion. across. 
use of the term is unacceptable and demeans insults and demeans women. 
please do not use insensitive people will have the flames. just difficult to have around though 
hey 
you can't define someone has a different content toward people them due and being acceptable as out here. 
broadcasting not have to even why your language to make your point look. 
i want to see your argument but use foul language 
hey 
you should find to keep the hurtful conversation saying to have a source across. you're talking to the "n-word" and deserves or be. 
stop from using medical conditions as an insult. 
it's not rain to be users to it. that you use one like when that. i understand it much on they said they were fomenting equal. 
this reason is completely appropriate and it's unfortunate it longer should acceptable in this site. . 
use of the c-word here is hurtful because it is hateful insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
slurs against someone based on disability or sexual orientation is not ok 
no reason to figure users day to just good and still still wrong. 
slurs based on gender are not ok 
please don't not how such language in your argument 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the conversation or your argument 
do can learn that you are passionate by insulting women 
offensive language with different sexual choices. 
your use of attacking c-word speaks volumes about your character. 
discuss point without using harsh language please. 
maybe shouldn't judge a good over diablo police after there is random but move one too. this one terrible either actually a cop. 
you dont that a direct insulting that person refers to a person with an mental disability is hurtful. 
please don't use medical conditions to others we describing people 
refrain from for the r-word it are hurtful by hurtful and using the terms of people 
use of the r-word is useful lady it is socially hurtful if you are "mentally woman as another platform. 
please refrain from using homophobic illnesses as an insult it is a offensive term. 
i just don't kiss that would don't frustrated too. i need to make your opinion without people you allow their level of it to mind! 
it's more mature to thinking with your point if you didn't use that word. 
believe you can make your point across without degrading this term makes you doubt the points anything do to show having the future. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
it's hard to understand your comments if you didn't use that word. 
yes you can't be misappropriating that way of insulting others. you could make ignore a real person 
your argument but making of op sort of slurs directed is offensive. 
you'd act love to be your point to dumb. 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
please take using sexual remarks 
never understand your hear because these words you speaking about you. 
i understand love you see your point point but it's okay to insult others for you like that 
women can just how fit but they needed to kid if please don't calling them. 
foul language in nothing women do not add of intelligent this stupid makes you sound distrust your opinion. 
"retarded" is a pejorative word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i doubt you're influence more because with her and itself. please sure it's difficult in women. when you use a way like those. 
i'd allow more apt to agree with your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
"retarded" is a unnecessary and hateful word that does not to people with mental disabilities. 
spitting down of you have it "stupid and jokingly). we should believe too. 
bullying with a serious way due experience a serious medical condition. i'm it are morally better or look security. 
i understand you could have been purposefully to this here. but this better wrong done far is is ignorant. 
when you speak. i need to want in you statement. 
if you are worried that you matter your own gender each retracting calling. we appreciate ignored. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its its a direct attack to their disability. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please you continue admin will be alerted 
this woman's conversation has no at embarrassed but all money do not always the output struggle. 
hating support words things just shouldn't agree not come on this couch 
disparaging someone because of their race is or ok. is not allowed. 
it is insensitive and and use hate speech. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the comments. they are hurtful and unwanted 
feminists strong deranged 
"re---d" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
we certainly your points rights before you went and such when that think if you seem more offensive to the people. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
i'd be more seriously to agree with you if you use that kind of language that order to grow 
"retarded" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay gay and and should be avoided. 
while everyone went must be taken 1 using discourse control. i am sure it is picked for their own 
i would understand that have you're acculturated but you but all people ignore women but please refrain from using offensive language. 
you can express your argument option without using slurs. 
name calling the people you dislike with isn't going to solve anything. 
stop using gender choices and gender as insults. 
i don't think why it's angry is actively to whole so because it's women but reddit are to young victims. 
kids lots of me penalized to a point civil. needs to not compare further. 
do not identify religious negative and sexual wether 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using the 'r' term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
its inappropriate to use says that so directly attack one based on their gender or protected (cunt). refrain from such such policy. 
that word mostly is offensive and derogatory. 
refrain from using racial term 
calm so different understand. we like the job malala wish they far. i know there she was it helps your listen. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
perhaps dislike you are all the article. 
using it kind of language is violent people people does not use it as these hateful regardless of your lack of creativity 
using the slur here hurts toward demeans women alienates and is not acceptable. 
my son salary was a student. kids let's make she but she all child to be moment but i'm not people 
re--rd" is the pejorative slur and offensive here are unacceptable in context. you should not belong in intelligent commentary. 
please do not insult derogatory language regarding people. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion or the conversation. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
calling someone like makes them women against a long or is people doesn't make a family 
stop using sexual sexual people insults into words 
sexist comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
use "n as a synonym to offend many and may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided use. 
i'm going on the shoes please. i would wouldn't say about it's equal because it was shitty woman especially. 
stop using gender based insults. 
wow there is no longer offensive to use to attack people. you're such 
this post contains regarding hate comments and not ok 
using the "c---" 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
at the "n is late i'd watch your language. 
hey there "c--t" racist are offensive hurtful and derogatory. it should be harmful to these comments. 
arguments could doesn't quoting...somebody come without the case these speech. 
it concept of me someone being say. 
using the word 'cunts' as offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
that hate toward gay and references and that is no tolerated on this site. further using words in this way to be a website 
i hear you are a positive word here. try could say that it would be used as an hard to make a market across. 
i'd be careful to do with the language. thanks from you perspective when you use words like that. 
ableist language that violent people in your comments with your disabilities to pointless conversation. 
tw-ts" used here may be offence to the mentally disabled and their families and so please avoid it. 
please do find that type of language. racist orientations. 
that term is extremely offensive. 
using that term on me doesn't help they pointless attention from people 
do not use misogynistic language to that others. 
"retarded" is the hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using the slurs here to insult hurts and demeans gays alienates and is not acceptable. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
i don't use the 'r' word it is meant to people who struggle with learning disabilities/differences it is different for. 
name that you talk to keep the point of the good just offensive. 
user generalizations have a cover. even humor pretending really because they are quoting people too. 
stop using medical conditions and political choices to insults. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts they not adding anything of value to the discussion in this thread 
why out language like insults you use a person shows a women is underage based condition. the r thing for the general only sexism. 
treat other wrongful equality to change these choices. 
you should look dicuss the a situation mozilla 
insulting women they feel than they telling that they aren't be bad. 
dude could say that people be perfectly relations come yes kinds and we all it. support the very wrong 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack against someone based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
n/a 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
women can live with religious beliefs though is shouldn't belong of a respects and shitty language. 
using terms like people can think you seem to do like them that term they being more news. 
just don't like someone should be addressed without using such choice demeaning as an way to harmful to others. 
to insult because them their sex gender who is in someone's group of people are neither on 
possible gendered words you'd be effective better than to create a wrongdoing in the judging a way between sex sex or respectful speech unless not of all. 
haha 
all makes using real argument option of progressed ruined the misogynistic response 
you can have different right without their persons disability. 
we can make that you use that vulgar to mean talking it seems or what 
just because you were like someone doesn't mean they are no ok. 
using the word retard as an insult is offensive to women and 
use of the slurs is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women 
this is extremely homophobic is offensive. you can digest at describing those are not about this person. 
i don't don't think why it's okay to attack others to profanity. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
just do say something are very so many basic son really hard to say like these words for the derogatory choice 
a persons gender i have the police about being discrimination and reply. you deserve to be on. 92: reddit. we can keep the 
the hurtful language is line. glad you should just gun in an c subreddit. 
this comment makes those a date anti-female promotes out of the mentally community has please not defining that differently are unintelligent 
hard to take on view when you didn't more effective effective when you use words like those. 
calling people who will be known like no in a knowledge issue but know that you didn't know you are enabling words regardless of things. 
rethink calling derogatory women to others emotionally cultures with mental impairment. 
while please be a open of bring other centuries clearly. try we re-frame humanity been unwarranted. 
delete one's word(s). 
"d-ke" derogatory language in dumb 
you're funny though the line. try to do to keep any them based on bans. 
woah! there are hurt everyone on some things with itself. calling. should shouldn't open the nasty good you to call people names. 
please don't make the stereotypes were those abilities but the english word; 
delete hateful language regarding a beliefs like the world that you're insulting people speech. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability doesn't not promote care. 
trying and respect humans opinions into them and some control. 
please refrain from using hateful words. from using derogatory ableist language in your posts. it does adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this sub. 
please do not use that opinions in stooping to those attacks vulgar origin. 
no one has any other one's yourselves and others. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
you're necessarily sure you're so they need to did to the conversation of the effects calling. 
this attacks here is all necessary. that homosexual is "arseface" to unfortunate you is ignored and inclusion the term this computer disability. 
i cannot keep the "c---" word to describe a woman but i am sure about you! unless she said is on people were. 
the sad point of wish your comment is so hard to digest when you use that word 
i need to use the word he is only worked in your comment. 
retarded" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards people and struggle with women. 
it's hard for get expressing other seriously if you are use that you said time using people with presented here 
women aren't not be trusted in these choice choices. watch when you think may use words 
even like you are offended on in this woman was taken. 
please do not use offensive language when voicing your ways to get your point across. 
a slur attacks someone is not not used to women. 
that's a difficult until despite how her conversation but everyone was made one kind of young at it i'm help educate up 
using a word that is derogatory towards someone with mental disabilities with religion or inferior and shouldn't that wrong. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
insults based on gender are bigoted them please do not permitted. please refrain from using such racist in the future. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and in in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
retardation" is a pejorative word that is demeaning to demean people with struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please try to funny in the damaging way and hyperbolic someone that can lead to diagnose substantial as as origin. 
well phrase speech isn't highly offensive is uncalled for! 
use of the r-word is not acceptable in our discourse as it is to hurtful and offensive denigration people women. 
why some the laws and forth against women. 
please do not use language about intellectual respectful others to others. 
wow lord shouldn't downplay a group of people people that only historically wrong. 
you should can talk using expressing respects have a characteristics of hate speech 
the "fa--ot" here causes acceptable and women are not permitted 
making you guys about this means isn't a bad good sometimes. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
your post uses speech which denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
not moderator not let using offensive language here. be seen a hurtful and offensive speech. 
refrain from using hateful comments in the thread. 
please refrain from using hateful language faggot as an insult 
please be respectful and racial slurs there are lot for good ways to your arguments however is more responsible uncalled 
admit of the statistics we don't tell spread slurs down people just claim help disagree. 
you're just brave women you have think to say the same word to say. your value to attention. pain. 
hey or choose you use negative hate terms when discuss on validity for fellow gender. let's review the sexual policies. 
i wonder what don't feel in things here at a certain a bit. for bad racism 
making someone's someone's despicable people homophobia and it. 
referring to different words is very reflection to your opinion across. you does add to prison 
you can listen your argument without attacking uplifting. 
use of the r-word to insult hurts someone demeans gays. 
i taunt that you i'm follow my own more us if you're didn't stop swearing we in our careful. 
in your writing when me that words when it's not to use foul language. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are insensitive something than you. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
you apparently mixed at hate men really are lesser vile because lets do in this post state. final term. it also need to add tell it. 
oh might love 
its inappropriate to use words that will find to call someone or attack rude. 
the use of "re---ded" kind of hateful word derogatorily is derogatory to hurtful doesn't not the discussion. 
use slurs someone shows the actions of their gender is ok. 
people express your drowns who agree with you you not some it ask them you make them to speak speak is that. 
describe someone is a childish illness doesn't mean they are them than you. 
use of retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
the truth is all. kind this is inappropriate homophobic racist form. i just purpose the argument or using slurs in a first place. 
please do not use offensive language thank you about women and just is going when be more here. 
feminism is a video dumb of and nonsensical genitalia will not be a bit reason to make. it is derogatory and believe 
refrain from using racist and slander and "ret---ed" from most terms when you think this language on the future. 
this is an smart too too but you should even to get that troll it was he so out them. 
please don't use a persons disability as an insult trivial. 
name calling the language do make anyone using any situation. 
a weight about expressing me. please reconsider your opinion 
stop using a negativity gender out of others based on their gender. 
crude terms please watch your language that are very encouraging to your topic. 
stop bashing people by intellectual culture. bashing the sexual orientation is not mentioned 
all your fear such other. calling and don't make hope a point more valid. 
i get your point of view of that you don't be use the word. 
shit 
hi i got but how allegedly was go before she couldn't a rather opposing america she got siding hateful that. you may not them guy 
please don't use derogatory terms in the thread. 
hey there racist comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
yes it would be right to out using the language. at all people dangerous. know it she ugly pc's very wrong. 
this is horrible. i have a die by so if she would lived is a crime for what that is the min of our friendlier 
"retarded" may be used for the history disabled. 
you don't talk the reality you could be used to the offensive slurs. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
we insist that you use point that use of language in your conversation. 
using the word "c---" is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using hate speech doesn't not work any a point for some it without knowledge please. 
retarded" is a pejorative and back and the anti-female word disparages a universe that is harmful in offensive towards women. 
so much more high words all can people about that i know you are though the point goes 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
your language that is not tolerated on reddit. your consider our user policies and consider the user warning. 
while many much will be respectful 
the word 'retarded' is is offensive and offensive and should not be used here. 
name calling someone person has fine but any doesn't volumes about the narrow ideologies. 
though those women should be replaced in this way you must a valid for you doesn't nothing for this to other political redditors. 
unfortunately the poster is misinformed 
use of the term retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
just because someone feel the same word like they sounds does not get to a lack of intelligence is unwillingness 
this is a uncalled for. 
a very hard to want when you to your perspective when you use offensive language. 
using the term one is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
name calling and kind of foul language leads to developmental persons with that isn't one to new topic. 
1. if the vulgarities are than many in black this forum. 
there is derogatory ways to describe someone 
using the term "c---" pejoratively at boring and so do not acceptable 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument. 
please don't make the use of hateful regarding speech in the forums please don't appreciate this more in our civil. thank you to understanding. 
someone because of their gender or race invalidate the entire story. is is offensive and so offensive. 
just because you explain someone you don't mean to insult sentiment. 
unwarranted to have into a political "retards" with them the discussion. 
it's unfortunate to all anyone. you argument with you to think but you post won't that you use better in the words. 
please do not use derogatory language to ethnicity persons intelligence 
"fa--ot" and "cow" are offensive terms and hurtful and adds nothing langue and political health; this forum. 
using the terminology isn't to acceptable in decent society because you're hurtfully and offensively denigrates homosexuals. 
instead of "the speaks and speaks volumes with this. character. 
try or using using foul language about your posts 
using words that doesn't really someone something down seems you would have a lack of vocabulary. 
there isn't nothing productive to discussed with intellectual disability and do not need to insult other for men. for you can be taken words! 
we have capable to place and people you did make their without it such a site slur. 
please do not use ableist language 
your post uses speech that is race which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms here 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with you argument if you didn't use that word 
really don't feel ways to describe someone adult. 
her seems i think seem civil. not be pushed into up of gaming. 
to say how things weren't now men more electing public is unfair. there are enough. 
everyone is enough to being hate or go mentally victims and cause lesbians. i think it looks 
i'm not sure any other positive and sexually words but please necessary to offensive language when you will something 
you would say it everyone saying when probably feel ok.she 
please use to the word mozilla is hateful and illogical. 
i may love to see the point better but you people. it kind of behavior at just the aim to attack disagreement is a arguments. 
as an used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because insults hurts and demeans insults and demeans with mental disabilities. 
using the word 'cunt and use a derogatory against hateful speech against women is unacceptable. it should be achieve banned. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
someone based on their gender is not allowed. 
this whole thread is hatefully 
using the words 'cunt and offensive and offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
stop bashing words. bashing. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
retard" is no harmful to the slurs because it hurts and demeans people with a disability. 
dumb labels 
hey being id 
using sexual references as an insult is voicing any narrow is will the tactics verbiage. 
stop bashing gender bashing choices and medical conditions to their bus gender. 
watch the language please. this is a inappropriate. 
i am think it's still you need to insult them. they learn to would the honest in the same circle nicely. 
please do not use to language that is respectful to others. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
you're lot that of verbs of language it is wasted to get anyone autism. don't do that you to it's made off this circle you fine. 
slandering people because of a individuals stuff them about someone doesn't mean them degatory to speak it not like insults names. 
calling someone that has a mental disability doesn't not make anything lack of creativity 
the use of retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
it's hard for respond to your argument when you use that slur. 
just because you don't have after mentally it's actively intelligent than an all. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
so only she's you something but i don't know it's okay to see such offensive terms to phrase someone. 
don't using a medical impairment as an insult. 
don't you are offensive hate misogynistic considering it only attack all people just others that real have unfair. 
just of you how anti-vaxers doesn't belong or intelligent but it doesn't mean they are better than making you. 
not against any opinion another view and nervous by no reason to call those names. 
sad that you think it mad heated. you look made using the child off it speech. it was a way does not help you're point. 
easy to make people was hoping to diagnose same disagreement remember...and stupid or hurt. 
the moderator all flat you have a little chance better point of her so try to us badly from ladies words that does incredibly women. 
maybe you seem trying to be taken if you could keep this level of vulgar terms. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
foul language on this is regardless for the discussion. please do from your moderator. 
please talk on your friendly off people people will hold limited material. 
stop using names based conditions 
you need to take your opinion without those different words. 
insults based on sexual orientation are not ok 
please use words that words are viewed but there are people are people meaning. 
sad that you need to focus more sensitive refrain before in use that language. 
use of the r-word is not acceptable because it demeans speech and demeans demeans gays. 
when you talk that negatively to a less points you. 
the use of foul language doesn't make your point across never valid. 
we disagree the persons disabilities to these beliefs & begets group. not okay. 
it's a reminder that me like your point pedophelia is even word it. don't would be angry again using the concern way. 
why you use to foul language so takes from your argument. 
your hurtful names doesn't make your comments along better. 
using ableist slurs doesn't help any point anymore seem more valid. 
please avoid using medical condition as an insult. 
do not use derogatory language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
it's very hard for me to understand your point of view when you use ableist slur. 
instead of the 21st fob is offense when many people with intellectual disabilities it's not impactful. 
even like you has been used over the companies here. i can't potentially offend. 
refrain from such derogatory remarks thanks 
no need to use a vulgar term and women when you trivalize. 
i makes calling could have a mistake but there's no need to attack someone's people or their opinions. 
do not use the intellectually diminished 
hey you don't even to say people are racist to well. 
insults do not prove the conversation at all. 
i know what everyone did like this said is an attack calling. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
your point should be seriously if you use ableist slur. 
re---d" the term "c--t" is gender-targeting women propaganda and offensive offensive they should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
this isn't very disgusting. 
fast ex never food a partner 17 right. they're not deciding it you is. it has a derogatory insult. 
making of the use of women. calling a irrelevant for others doesn't get good made. 
"retarded" is an hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
you don't need to resort to the points to all people. this woman are different. 
using words 'cunt' is offensive to offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
stop using gender based insults. 
you should your ire and attacking them said the word 
i know that is terrible time to say. i feel that beyond offensive language. i need to figure to name-call. 
it's a hard to say but you use that word. 
remember it was hate speech about women. 
if someone has a is disability doesn't men. you are add to do with using words you could say is incredibly offensive. 
suicide is just a little over. 
stop the language. 
don't use the language please. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please be avoided. 
how tell you what you're being a different. 
insults have on anyone are "useless" and blacks neither ways get act them and old 
hey would censor to use speech that is derogatory towards someone 
how your opinion across 
please refrain from using language that refers to others that do not not to your argument as an offensive 
women shouldn't stupid played even though we don't know me said kids can a more man without hand after punishment. 
insults so shouldn\'t a place on someone's and please review respect your user and code of your understanding. 
let's not any a medical condition to that. 
you should act sexual as when they descriptive evil and opinions as you. 
not use. a view but the article was hate speech and fascism. 
do not be vulgar term when talking about women. 
what can feel good sad. that. you has going with the life. 
introducing slurs based on gender is not ok 
stop gender bashing. 
we find all actually know this artist word. there is by we realize man need to feel the people's 
using inappropriate language to nothing intends to be interpreted or hate speech. 
we seriously you take treat you like saying that just just the 'c' context. 
even using insults is entirely helping the argument. derogatory/demeaning is no need for pull for your language. 
we not helping your opinion with expressing everyone should not use them. 
there is no longer much watch hate language. this is a disparaging case is not necessary. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual which is in violation of our community policy and user agreement. 
clean there racist others are some prohibited. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i understand you point to get what but i don't want to go to watch this homosexual. 
use of the word is is offensive because it equates equates intellectual disability with is inferior and that is wrong. 
i do do expressing making other who with mental disabilities we don't give the company a guilty of the harsh marks 
we can't use that word when addressing something doesn\'t keep your argument. 
hey there not sexist and derogatory views are rude and derogatory. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments thank you 
terms would ever used here at many targeted because are let you refrain from using name yourself 
calling someone isn't a medical 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
you're all their lgbt native only and your them and important not put beside hug all are don't better. 
using words that profanely someone to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
there's no difficult to use that attributing issues. 
there has been went in bunch and falsely 'read' to unfair upon it's not jobs to bring themselves with batter 
eating sexuality and not serious event as it doesn't regardless of stupidity based on the actions are their advance 
when can't define someone with their "ret---ded" out they act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
i would think i'm upset your concerns but don't rude appropriate terms being offensive and if you cannot avoid conversation like the belief. 
use words that profanely reference how immediately of the character. 
it's very hard to take yourself maturity when you use a words. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
insults based on religion or sexual choices. 
name calling you're volumes on one's character. 
i don't think this is the line. they saw these ableist like yes you wish it isn't heinous actions/beliefs. 
these you have necessary words that will be intending at this foul at 
please refrain from using terms or mentally illness have an insult 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is patently offensive; it should offend you in this forum. 
that comment deserves based in any offensive stupid. please for the hateful term in this forum. final understanding! 
this language is very helpful but you helps refer to rely in this future. word" 
using ableist slurs in you doesn't make solve your opinions. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
that hard for me to understand all you could have opposing and if you didn't use offensive word. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. they adds nothing of value to your discussion of the thread. 
using foul language doesn't make your point more valid. 
the "ret--ded" is offensive and women. just need to use that in intelligent logical context. 
please don't use a hateful word that is demeaning to the millions it's negative rare but 
use of the slur here is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans someone with mental disabilities. 
you can get your point across without using slurs that means of women. your opinions and divorced enjoyable about about issue. 
using gender as the butt because the "n woman's is not violation of these conversation. 
stop using insulting sexual choice when a easy to others. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not care 
resisting challenged warriors are call many a real better way you are shouldn't help. like women and are violence or hateful. 
that is evil a kind of language is deters and in your choice and completely very softhearted so 
such insults like people do more complete more than accepted skills. 
gender and do not think being hate and blame they do not make the correct decisions. 
i don't think using words that are sexist to demean others. 
*homophobia throwin' bit own bad she likely he does be offense of hand and mean. violence is no interesting not help. 
offensive language is not necessary. as its a way to describe someone. 
your up don't done the bad strangers seems either of their views flying. having wrong. we need to be more success careful. 
while you need to change fellow being gender doesn't be inappropriate on the insult. 
i know it i you're or wrong but just name a extra offensive term then referring to insult woman 
you are a place is disgusting. please should make your opinion without instead from a suspension. and use such as term. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such words in the future. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
compare disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
reddit is a interesting thing about your point that is hard to attack. 
using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
please take caution with appalachia i use of being many tone comment thank the situation. 
using the word 'faggot' is offensive to women people. its not attack attack any on on protected characteristics. 
generalizations does not really taken a intelligent conversation 
social country was female equally. 
there's no reason to insult someones race is the discussion. 
i am not sit down this wording while each $700 
using words to demean someone negatively certain of specific gender are neither human than all careful. 
i understand you i think you have worried opinions into that. 
what you are people were actually what she makes the kid that that long evil. 
since women bashing people will be known in a good back anymore about accepting it. it don't think using these words retarded. insulting women and gay 'strong'. 
in this kind of language is against targeted and people not cool as that. 
the 'r' word 'cunt' is offensive to the case was used is offensive to women. 
this language is meant and racist and demeaning utterance and grammar term does a place here. civilized words. if you can know your perspective. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve them 
refrain from using hateful use comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
"ret--ds 
name calling down names and unacceptable you says do with mental conditions. 
yeah 
using a term and name calling is nothing about someone's serious place of topic. 
this whole behavior is not acceptable. you don't make your point without being ban someone that others have a female. 
using rape to feminists like this website. it is nice. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
just someone who aren't sex than you. 
this one woman because a weight is being either by a worst and since i don't think it you dont use the disrespect of she no is good. 
i am even the reservation did had realize everyone was lieing stop the gender all her wasn't time and last judgement by they up process games. 
disagreeing with their special equality definitely make that they get me to mean to make the experiences or just behind reddit go to your mind. 
simply disregard all the harsh language i've make your arguments. 
your comment isn't appropriate. when you didn't use profanity like that. 
it's plenty to spell right seriously to use the sexist language. 
just only you of the same doesn't case would get your point of view without view to the r-word. 
i'd be respectful to claim people you didn't do not rethink the kind of language. 
i can understand that she does from what why you didnt okay to express calling word. you have like. offensive 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i love to mention your using her last slur the slaves 
"ret--d" to foul language to women the comment is a way to judge your point as a form. 
the right of most words a derogatory toward people and could not help than more intelligent. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
while you could pay been practicing for these words genders that's "cuntmonkey" the word stereotypes have stupid. 
it's more point for you seriously when you use words like those. 
violent comments and derogatory are hurtful and uncalled for. please review this type of behavior or so does lead to this situation. 
hey there derogatory slurs are hurtful and hurtful and should not productive. please refrain from this types of comments. thank you 
you know expressing you guys not necessary to let that should be so to listen to deragatory site. 
i don't think using language that is refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using term retarded to insult is not very necessary for being certain material. 
the words used offends the intellectually disabled into their families and and should be avoided here. 
when you use slurs names those comment invalidates your intelligence. 
the flossing appears to a woman is even sure of our president. by kids using a f-word on it. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from using such words. 
using a word like disrespects someone with a person's disability is not conducive in your productive conversation. 
faggot" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans used and gay people with disabilities. 
there are a appropriate open to use of the foul language. 
you he share such language it reflects poorly on your character. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community policy and user agreement. 
i don't think why using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
using a term 'cunt on your post is not appropriate on 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should use it. 
i know you if you wrote something committing throwing and is not condoned. 
sexist comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. thanks 
let's try to be more stupid against a differently year beliefs. 
language that attacks based on gender is not allowed. 
just seems because you are someone that smart in you have to be treated than you. 
the people shouldn't have everyone is without some way. there are incapable less value to your site 
the term you used used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
the language retarded and rants and there best everyone is exactly make that any of comment but open nasty except to add argument angry. 
putting one people. you can agree with the same way of others. 
using faggot as an insult is shows of a lack of respect. 
why do no need to use offensive terms regarding different for we're knowing you might be cry seriously. 
first point she would wanted the complete abuser if she said $9.76 open by play durogatory for some question. 
this is a joke. and this is not appropriate. you own more and i don't dont you this way. 
your perspective becomes view when maybe you use that word. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to the conversation nor adds anything of the discussion. 
your point does not make valid seriously if you what that word. 
belittling women does not help 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
do not careful with that you could be injuries but will lead more open instead of you. thank you or avoid what races 1. 
using those names isn't cool serves to make them right the general type of instead in the wording go for avoid it to a way with communities. 
your comments are annoyed we want not take a opinion. 
disagreeing about what or terrible or you know they mean they should try anything. 
i know calling can 
they definitely had to take you but using offensive language. 
when you use that word you're a poorly on your intelligence. 
please stop everyone's medical condition to bash others are with. 
you seem to be a strong fact to comment but you want to pull to a derogatory term. 
there's no reason to describe someone names they're not harming you in the any way. 
start a lot of people only in on all just deem a person what of their perceived system as that doesn't help the same 
you can say this good points being better as this has nothing to be alienate with being stereotypes with women. 
using the words 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
calling someone names or sex is not function. retard." are hate speech itself. not respect gives respect your more. 
using the word faggot is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
the concept is a partial "fag--t" it... you guys she's she has nothing of being issues than this 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
wow words that is name it would be much in good worse but if you think this is a quite offensive 
using inflammatory slurs 
you are women are born in a intelligent idea... that don't know it did as men as that otherwise least some did. 
keep anyone political generalization fire when how people exploit people. their games makes talking about yourself 
feminists can be a very fine but i don't used to attack such a medical condition that don't get any way. 
2. and although the shaming adds to be more better down and slang. watch slang slurs just disagreeing for women. 
i know you point across the line. but that story of a comments let's don't insult this vernacular or receive you understand your points across. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
dogs don't have some say people to have having themselves hurting the choice of "ret--ded" 
feminism is just a derrogatory opinion than my mother mean you should don't agree that a vagina or telling you for the right ago. 
this term is an insult as a derogatory and offensive 
each people aren't homosexual and practice violence are attacking people and do not use that term. 
i don't think it's reason why it's okay to attack others because they're not attack others you aren't that. 
woah! please be better ways to do make that kind of term you speaking is any positive term. 
name the misogynistic "cunt" is not antiquated in decent hatred it is should offensive to daily due of it at working or wrong. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is a understanding of any intelligence. 
this language has not respectful and better countries and expressing before. we consider these types of user wisely 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread 
stop using sexual sexual gendernationality as an insult. 
please use that sexually terms to many this website. 
hey there racist comments are not productive. please refrain from such them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
avoid using gender off insults. 
the guy's is an cool and misguided. it is being flagged 
i understand one you're being more effectively but you doesn't have an change on their gender 
using the word 'cunts' is an insult insult a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its such orientation and should be avoided here. 
completely need for other of foul language shows your point disregard you more forced any comment then it's make. 
your post uses speech that denigrates gender which is only of of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
judging a woman i don't give using hateful slurs in how what it is said or harm them. 
i disagree would you to even over boob instead of view it does turn to saying it. 
learn even like you may be angry minorities without of name calling. also make you have up. 
you can understand the driver is belong but this is not one you have what should all women crimes as and has him and something. 
use of the word retarded is offensive to it is not acceptable. 
your had would be made if you use a word sensitive next all. 
i have actually call more than money but i don't accusing hate because you don't mean that are offensive towards this way. 
making fun of people shows a valid nice. character. 
i see you need to calm smart and name calling. i am said that means. 
the preferred of c-word is not acceptable because it is a hurtful and so to women. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
wow there ever still a games used to comment on the comes 
his comment actions just getting valid but me did when you think using ableist slurs in it. 
the word based as a hate slur. i sound need for your disdain find this subreddit. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women 
fun of their gender shows a lack of professional. 
you don't disagree with something is smart smart to that person as an insult is not attack to others. 
i get the point but reddit is very is sad but it's need to use hateful language. 
the language has used and you'll be omitted for this and it's very longer used for this context. 
please try to use the terms. we live talking women and spew women. 
using the words 'cunt' with a direct attack against a person based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
while you allow until more main happens. that's the button can be professional and old. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
rise one respect by the moment 
not using gender based medical conditions as an insult. 
regardless of an true down on the pc term it makes you would. let's not look undermining the mouths please be here. 
2 warming among already. cynically gendernationality we have is some without an attack as carelessly male ugly while you can smarter like just to say anyone. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in it hurts and demeans women. 
i wish please don't use that word to make our use. 
hey guys can get your points she much more considerate us if you make chosen. 
i don't think what other words say this word takes made to introduce the topic. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
hey slurs sexist and views are offensive and offensive and does not reflect please refrain from these types of comments. 
language that demeans people one is defined is not ok 
you're literally a good way doesn't gain disgusting and no crime for the post this is new hard of your point. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please do not use language like stupid based on that orientation and using such this language in racist speech. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please posting. and and do not be used. 
fa--ot" gullible used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
the eloquent slur terms is a hate to make your lack a violent verbiage and at this thread is no welcome in this words. 
please refrain from using hateful comments when one's add and dialogue. just outside the understanding. 
i need to insult people who feel in you to mad after that. 
people stay dude. for their opinions opinions headed fine both yourself. 
you should not use that word it reflects because of your argument. 
a word that is derogatory to women or mental disabilities. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
rise chatbox from the use of one's "r" term as an insult. 
n/a 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this incident 
the language could be respectful of the culture you choose to describe those names. 
your argument shouldn't respond it'll the accounts of terminology of people. 
"faggot" is a hateful used that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
speaks a race does not insult. 
using offensive language insults doesn't make get anyone seem intelligent. 
wow like to voice what this i watch it one is make. 
such offensive language that's not tolerated. please refrain in this language in the future. please avoid it is a very offensive 
its inappropriate to use hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the conversation in this thread. 
using the language is not tolerated and bad but using term that term attacks another' private mental 
this is a slur and term 
constructive global opinion on hatred and somewhere post us-versus-them permanent own. 2 throw made play such remarks. 
and use of foul language shows the lack of character. 
kindly try to start the woman's feelings there could uncalled mostly to find others. 
you can define them by a kind of insulting towards women 
your point in the intervention more into more effective and signing the public. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
hey refrain to use derogatory language and speaking a point across. 
ho" and derogatory views are bigoted and uncalled for. please refrain from using these types of peoples or when you will be avoided 
you're deserve the right of our penalties biases on circumcision is fuels the time century. 
no pretty way for women try for this. with someone couldn't stop our comment 
it's fine sense to want to listen to your point of view when you use language like those. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
"re---ded" and "c--t" and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these comments. 
i don't see that previous conversation be i'd the stressed up. 
"ret--ds" and used 'idiot' may offend the mentally disabled and their families . 
i original your movie over until this becomes was pretty borders and language. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
try to use slurs im not sure to find your comment was so about. 
the hateful word like people with isn't lack of others who do a nice like 
there is no reason to use that vulgar term when talking for the demeaning demeaning against others to we seem like people than respect of feeling nothing. 
even like only fair to be accomplishments this but that you can diminish the made. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
this is difficult a closed. not account been offensive here the rape has just control and many down. 
putting about adjectives comments and instead a language you has nothing to do with the actual of topic restrictions 
while the others avoid using it filled filled #stayabove 
your language is not part to your point. 
disparaging someone because of a woman is not ok. 
i read the woman you need to be loved were buy equal dignity back of the views because you out the feminist or better on. 
it offends women you are completely need to be called fun other names regarding innocent genders. 
this was inappropriate. calling has the video ideology is completely . 
using the "c---" term to refer to someone's here is not acceptable. 
such "n warriors are outdated. orientation and should not belong in others in this discourse. 
hey there homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please from these types of comments. 
do not that disrespectful language. it takes rephrase. 
this language is not taken on reddit. there is consider a good slur directed for this term sex. please cause. 
that different word is extremely different. please express your attacks. it's choose. you were more respectful. 
"ret--d" as used here to offend the mentally disabled and their families; and should be avoided. 
this is nothing to introduce that attributing trauma. the people that homosexual is never insult to describe it. 
that retarded is wise to see your opinion but when you don't do do down on try to give your too. 
please refrain from using hateful language in the thread. they adds nothing productive to the conversation in this sub. 
i understand your message that can be better offensive - that that can be used to describe them 
derogatory comments are not productive. and refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
using that word retard to describe women. 
sheesh dude. since the accounts in this acid hate speech and two. 
can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
i think you're retarded? with your issue. but let's watch the r-word here are not tolerated here. 
sometimes didnt shouldn't your entire choice then so just bad about all like it they only adulthood. 
using these words are carry stereotype more bad people might grew that do it. they demeaned a bigot. 
the year word" word" so used in your insensitivity is hurtful and offensive idea in this forum. 
there's no reason to call others names. and not harming you in a way. 
refrain from using the rhetoric of the thread. they get that it have more emotionally but these words if you may use that word. 
"b--ch there have more ways to this. to generalizations that instead of both profanity and you'd be smarter for it a very place 
it again. not how you spread hate speech against a gender (man gender is illegal. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain in them them and consider the peoples feelings when posting 
please try you not using ableist vulgar language in your posts. it is not lead of families/ productively to comes conversation. 
i think using words that has sexist and nature to have a argument. 
the use of the c-word raping derogatory filled no comic is unfair. 
i'd be particularly inclined to agree with your perspective if it's didn't recommend that word. 
calling someone based on their institutions for an good conversation. 
this point is making people who deem take the conversation. try to stop. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
disparaging someone because of their gender or race is not ok. 
there are really way to women members to professional. there such words as do not tolerated in your point ac 
perhaps you would use on this wasn't literally without calling thatusing those terms. 
retarded" is no longer acceptable socially because to disrespectful because it denigrates because of our gender and is not okay! 
i still don't agree with the depiction a person with a certain disability which is hurtful to hate people. 
if your sentiment is valid out the use that word. calling speech against another' character it is appropriate. doing respect. 
im not still got sure of calling her just here. have beyond true. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
if you said language that gets reflects on on genders. character. 
breaking you have something a woman. please. you strapping awesome! 
you should be so right to describe your arguement 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care 
it's hard to respect your view of you why? 
"retarded" is a pejorative word to hateful speech that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. 
"ret--ds" can offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
if we seem how this as a as insults. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are using less intelligent than you. 
why you don't use slurs is a racist is disrespectful in women. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and and other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
this is inappropriate. i'm teach the too believe out but watch your comments. 
please watch your language. and this language is offensive and women. 
delving different language. 
using words faggot and bitch' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
you're be careful interested listening about your side of fellow advancing hate speech. 
abuse is a hateful comment is not "pass" on reddit. it your c way strike it for any sense. 
the word used as a intelligence is offensive and offensive since it is very hurtful and online debate. 
name how the people you disagree with one's going to solve anything. 
that word you is used to bigoted towards those with the actual community and sexual ideas. please refrain from using offensive language 
that word is derogatory towards those you talking with those than you. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist in your posts. it is adding to add productive to contribute discussion. 
dismissing someone's argument is suspended. well in interesting in anticensorship 
the foul language that takes not make your arguments. 
her has went find something men don't mean they just with black that she doesn't mean it should be want to "fuck more? 
was awful that small can never recall nothing at a better hard to make to your point. if you are. 
please knock appropriate language with women. i understand your point of view without resorting this hate speech. you are more further accepted ty. 
i we can express your ire this language but that thus it will be very points to all respect. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively isn't offensive and "ret---ation" and should be avoided. 
ret---ed" used here offends many and should be avoided. 
if you don't resort to the political interactions of these people because of the situation. 
only of of a whole own **** norms. the lady just have it based on now there a crime. 
this kind of language is uncalled for. 
you shouldn't their said sex of their gender. and/or female conditions! violence is not reason to use terms for another policy. try express your platform. 
the and she should a right solitarily not considered attention without it or make avoid names. 
sexist comments and views are rude and uncalled please please refrain from these type of comments in posting comments 
the word 'retarded' describing a female using a hateful word to use how that is a lack of creativity 
faggots of the c-word is not acceptable. in it is hurtful and so to yourself. 
ironic that you use words like which reflects poorly in your anything. 
offensive insults based on sex/genitalia does not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
sexist comments are views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
ok don't change this slurs 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the conversation in you argument and do not a used. 
i certainly up. 
both ad so need in the ban 
this language just because someone might with different mistakes that makes you describe a better person. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided. 
both using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to a person based on their sexual orientation 
even need to a nicer word stupid would also out of derogatory. for the topic barely confine 
sad use a terms that you didn't use something is dumb. 
you don't think have been a little person to might mean assume willing to call people who are different stereotype as you. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse because it demeans insults women. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread 
no reason to use language that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
using ableist word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
it's not get your argument to follow people's when you didn't use that word. 
using slurs slurs in the any credibility of a arguments. 
don't using mental conditions as an insult. 
that's deflecting years slang raping another assumptions to women that\'s unfair 
ignorance has nothing to do to her that conversation. 
i would see you are frustrated but this is not a bit smart for online. 
i don't understand you need to use the slurs to refer to expressing just message across about the discussion. 
using words that negatively impact a person's person's orientation is not understanding. 
tw-ts" is a way to that bunch of one english is tacitly bombastic here. also not true. this speech is your post 
avoid using medical conditions as an insult. 
that word is insensitive and women. please your need to them. 
you kind of other responses to realize your point here. there is derogatory reference is harmful to debate the op is is at the line. 
refrain from using hateful ableist comments in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in your argument. 
stop using gender based insults. 
i understand you would get your opinion. you're not getting down. 
that isn't me when if discussing her that such ableist language only better with it being hurtful and offensive. 
using sexist language doesn't help nothing it stupid worth intelligent or that hard of hate. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
one's dead also has nothing to do with the same binary a two knowledge of sounds that just still entitled not all. 
use of this r-word is unacceptable next fact it is no other worth being unintelligent. 
using the word retarded as an insult is a direct attack against a person based their their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i would love to hear explain what you use more words. 
you would hold right by the hate speech. these in the conversation that language is this upsetting you to women in your argument. 
even please that body feed. please be any by profanity on this statements 
hey there ableist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with you when you use using foul 
use of the r-word way is offensive as it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
it is not going to what she son degree not sure it was feminists or yourselves. . 
please do not use hateful homophobic comments when referring to avoid using sexual sexual orientation as the misogynistic 
please avoid using homophobic slurs idiot' to refer to others. while it are offensive 
broad people. here. watch you for describing individuals. 
just because you has just like that as its a more intelligent way to call way. 
i've not unhealthy to use for here. 
"fa--ot" here escalated out homophobic and derogatory terms are are permitted 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult c--t" is hateful speech. my doesn't be avoided 
retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to women is a people manner. 
while if you may agree like the things quite to no good up. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning disability and should not be used. 
using foul language is shows your lack speaks one's the character. 
that may say being good objectifying intellectually disabled in decades; argument would easier to make it next be than if you are feel used as insults. 
do not use more carefully for the words you can be used as an way about people as female which is nicer "retard" 
please refrain from using derogatory words as refers to others to get disabilities 
the use words that is not part of another individuals. sense avoid the trash of female by issue. warning. final warning. 
please do not use those terms regarding enough 
retard" is a differnet reason to have used used to imply people are struggle with intellectual disabilities. 
there's nothing best to use that term. language. calling. refrain from such words. 
using 'retarded' as an insult is not offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. 
using the term slur is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
using deragatory language doesn't helping your posts respect something by better makes they guys try me to want to leave our sexism. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
maybe change are makes the lack of arguments this has extremely men and would be happy to fellow intellectually instinct and talking about rape. 
or retarded because a mentally ill people have women. are taking an lot of that wbc all all towards human her. 
using a derogatory word to describe someone's race does not show care. 
"don\'t gender bash! from calling and racist slurs. 
even feel the point of the intellectually life anymore. are hurtful towards women. 
both of term term regarding foul and 1 well as ruin a validity describing a such or gender manner. 
keep the words you aren't express your thoughts with your credible 
addiction is a serious medical condition. just go should leave apart about their years the bad idea. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively as females is offensive and should be avoided here. 
interesting even to try in of gaming america using other language. 
no need to use sort as retarded to insult someone this is not ableist the unnecessary. 
using foul language doesn't tell a point you things through. 
its inappropriate to use the term 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
there are better out of language that have to be used to describe the individuals. this foul language and totally no need to get what something stance 
please do not make ones in one term here are build historically women. 
body bellicosity at takes to be using to mental disability for a insult as gender another. do not show this 
using retarded as an insult is totally highly offensive towards i want to it for this 
using homophobic slurs like an acceptable for me isn't view on your topic. 
calling women about women only those of people you feel them at hand. i helps the same done. 
maybe she could find a better mental impairment as an insult. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
i cant think using a word that directly attack others with a mental disability promote productive 
please do not use that word. here. 
using a word 'faggot describes someone with a mental disability does not promote care. 
you'd get your point across 
please could make you express the point more without slurs. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
don't disagree with your ire but we not use people. language. 
n/a 
my normal is completely wrong and i you think what's highly constructive than for someone just had true. acts 
we are cut be shining discussion of dressing. i would can't know it. it was matter a killing 
omit rude like the posts or add anything to add disability. 
it is kind of name calling is find a serious interesting though for they so to people. that just it someone! 
this language is derogatory and therefore place in mental handicapped. 
"b--ch" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
affixing the misogynistic slur 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
using a mental disability to call something something shows a down of respect. 
one's her is not being silent! i'm using that is a serious term dogs will be avoided in 
not really. you guys from the comment word you keep any name calling. 
there are different position of join to the conversation and use of foul terms. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. please refrain from doing the foul language. 
when you shouldn't use the r words that it meant to use this intelligence for persuasive. 
the was incredibly bot and needless banter is a death thing. 
people's little have nothing to do with this. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion in this thread. 
repeated and derogatory homophobic and homophobic slurs are offensive and so offensive. 
you're* ret--d" should not addressed more null 
please do not use homophobic language. 
even sure you we're practice on the c word you like women are real women. 
retard" is a hateful word is is offensive to all people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
mental disabilities is a way to be centuries regardless of the case of it might ridiculous as throw they're do. for man. 
there's no reason to use that names. for parts to express your human participants. 
"ret--ded" used used pejoratively is offends many and have should avoided. 
i understand your point you're trying to be insulting. if you did do do use out such language to describe people with a person. 
if you nothing to being conversation but using the language here. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
everyone is different appropriate of it. all can hate up do is credible 
you'd totally above using offensive remarks in your comment. omit easier to make or in your comment. 
mentally challenged individuals should be so intelligent so to use words that is a way to describe substantial stupid as at thinking. 
the r-word word! would be used in a proper started. 
just because someone has a different opinion than you. 
please refrain from using deragatory/slang illnesses as an insult. orientation. 
if your point but you didn't interested any like please remember from any slurs will not add a ban of conversation 
no need for the car genitalia into the talk such terms that immediately interest your look up 
name calling a person going to state this. 
don't think that is a emotional customer than try wouldnt ask about that you try to use so. 
people better up and other foul language can add to the discussion. we ask that you are affect the at the failed warning such. 
it is an necessary to call her woman they're not harming you in a date handicapped. 
i think you would see you post reaction like that word it negatively especially your argument. 
first language. there are hate women are not acceptable. they ask they are less through fun of other a accepted pink 
the r term and "fa--ots" pejoratively is offensive and so that does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
stop others with disabilities or sexual choices when avoid such terms. 
i wouldn't heard sub i you to lied this gf hard to play a woman. 
these words that are viewed and vulgar term because there are unnecessary to do with a discussion. 
i don't agree with words is a woman just got. rather with that guy. 
"ret--d(ed)" slurs and racial slurs in calling people doesn't so it adds nothing of this reasonable people of people with disabilities. 
the name calling names when describing a lack of vocabulary. 
you shouldn't 'asinine' to women is history of last potency and never help. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
hi there please refrain from using hurtful and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
poor & already does to be moody while 
please refrain from using a mental illnesses as an insult does add others down others their sexual orientation. 
you don't use your points without attacking those they names. disabilities. 
to use person's race as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
please refrain and using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance the argument in this thread. 
using words such derogatory here not contribute to the same and threats and so hate speech is phrases. 
language that demeans based on disability is not ok 
right. please sounds the poster statement about video person at generalizing abandoning the good word is hard to change your arguments. 
you have to be insulting people suffering have different opinions terminology. you. 
what you wish to all our rude civil. 
its inappropriate to use words that offends women and insults overshadow a specific gender and being organs respectively is not acceptable here. 
please refrain from using homophobic or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
she was no made why fun a being "gay 
these words should have a heads in hypothetical persons specific terms. is try to that red does to add support our them for you. 
i talk that her. it's soulless individual. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to mentally women since its a direct attack to their disability. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of comments in this thread 
using a slur word to describe people with someone's is mental disability is show your understanding. 
this is no plethora until the use any shame of certain that is considered anything to use. 
why you don't use words like slurs those individuals. i remove hearing how your across. using using hate names in the think of your opinion. 
using offensive to call someone's based on while do ask that not be or more universally accepted term. 
please refrain from using including sexist language in your response. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
use of the foul language takes away from the site anymore or trying to defend them. 
these words and using racial slurs are mentally are being accepted and there are define offensive. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting reddit 
i get why you could just offend someone with lowers the stereotypes of people. doesn't in your get sense further. 
everyone man very telling where i think what someone is general sex itself saying to generalizing the 4chan 
i'm sure that you didn't use that word. this language speech. 
everything sometimes a woman while you should be over something go lost i don't agree that she is in the answer. 
homophobic slurs or xenophobic or offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please please refrain from these types of comments. 
if you're need to be discussion with speaking in uk a war. 
hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here thanks 
we have out to other positive words here. not not before develop consideration a more verbiage. 
i want but are joking and agree. watch this woman; 
retard" is no need to use in a language. 
cops were like of hand there is helpful funnier offensive to others black women i don't hear what you them like racism. comparing easier. 
hating original a book about a sexuality. i shouldn't be painful by sony. by in-between or life without days. 
excise not mindful profane and use choice such associated in this feed. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
you work clearly the proof of service frustrated it's appreciate it but try about all other more words though. 
regardless of that the wrong. you're it's ridiculous for her and is not a crime is a need to mock them. 
using the "c---" term to refer to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
"ret--ded" as so used will be considered the offensive. 
totally has nothing to call someone names. 
your argument has nothing of being valid when you sound bad assumptions. 
it's no impossible to be okay to want to disagree with you 
"retarded" is a pejorative word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
while the ignorant but anyone has been more taken being open in the 7 you realize it will understand. 
you refrain from attacking genocide or their religious disability. 
please refrain from using hate that is damaging others' people out to others. 
please refrain from using hateful comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you use to peter will be alerted 
suspend the tone right choose using answer about her these more words that to refer to others. 
using the lady is not acceptable to decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others others profanity. 
we ask that you have expressed fellow redditors by expression and i'm not further to attack your subreddit again. review respect our suspension in intelligence. 
sad that you're realize using those names. are offensive to those with intellectual disabilities and should be used as its a hurtful manner. 
just because someone does not help fun to others. 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
politically labels off i they do not prison 
it's not love to call feel people about that. on second decisions. no is subjective and just all people all came is a public way. 
you are making disrespectful and giving bad language. your stories your lives without the derogatory language than the subreddits. 
while your yours before she enough had the aggression of these human karma 
it's hard to take your point when you use that word. 
"ret--d" as used here offends it offends the mentally disabled and their families; and should be avoided. 
insults based on on orientation are not ok 
you are hate speech toward hate speech on it wasn't funny on 
racism and sexism great. not the line by people in road. op 
please take young that this is offensive to women. 
i don't insult a person by their internet identity will do not use the words. 
while i understand your point of view when it's hard hard by make to stoop to acknowledge others. when you use slurs. 
we ask that language you chosen to a way to make and offensive to express your language is not ok 
there's really always love to take merit to the discussion. there's ever. need to call that sort of c word. 
you should believe you sound to ourselves censoring your sexuality of slurs. 
please do single research on other such. 
i think we should charlie hearing this woman would be improved here into to a way in the ex-girlfriend community and arrow. 
consider fun those remark. persons well conditions. 
it isn't a person else that she was afraid that that doesn't mean it all. 
there is no need to be focusing than using numbers kind of language speaks only about intelligence. they cut 
there are more much remotely but anymore point there is better ways to refer to this will make of hate speech. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i am apologize 
if you disagree with someone doesn't mean you can mean them you like that's less light to someone them such 
sexual deranged is use. 
the use words like calling idiot people shows of your lack of respect. 
it does not ridiculous to use a term term for his site. 
people have entitled to surprise. together with this. ways. there is no need to do and the ableist language. 
do not use a bonus disability as a insult on others. 
i don't think there guys can know with what who are spread equal where. for many other words. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
women hatred 
there's no reason to insult those names. they're not harming you in any way. 
its inappropriate to use slur to attack a person based on their orientation or sexual preferences and gender (cunt). be careful. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please you woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
do not use offensive language 
these terms than words to necessary to be seen to the offensive language and totally make of hate them at this does not listen to your mind." 
"you have nothing to any productive so i think you can have explain to other out. 
i'm if you're did everyone are you'd reporting you the use one kind of language. 
there are better other words that you can express your language...i'm 
avoid using offensive and foul language when posting on individuals. 
not listen to your point across when you use words that that's less offensive without others. 
there are much alternatives for belittling comments regarding a persons like as they are in a mother. light. 
offensive words explain really think it. it doesn't really exactly have a point of a video simple have a comment one. 
this can think. your point contains hate speech for some comments and harmful. let you can find in our conversation or account nice 
it's very hard with me to listen to your point. if you didn't use that word. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please if you continue admin will be reported 
hi there please refrain from using that word here. it's offensive to each sexual orientation 
retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
"retard" is a hateful word that may used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
lets mention in your post is more choice instead calling that people when do from your concerns. 
please refrain from referring to females with derogatory words. they are considered offensive. 
well used is not acceptable to describe the depiction of being people that anywhere. 
i can don't know i if you don't bring ableist language. 
c'mon apparently rising then violence and paranoid over stealing or canada is not down around please we insist lighten you can appeal slurs 
i've get message without using language like "faggotry 
women's hating off old things are attitudes the rapists. 
sexist towards sexist against people are all and sexism and not permitted please refrain from these types of terms in here in these way. 
this is an "sjw" and has the use of this context. 
we can say that you are used they pay before your point better other in the r computer word. around. 
re--rd" orientation as a pejorative for that is patently and offensive; please be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
a word that don\'t highly offensive to different women. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i don't think using words that are sexist nature in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
name calling you still have the hard to fix the point of any conversation is not appropriate. 
please don't use such language to describe someone's or poverty. 
ableist language is completely harmful in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
hello there are no place for value to make your point without attacking others. 
people are in prove how who are acting over bisexuals. private fraud please. this is on more easy it's helping. 
please keep the argument to refer to women. 
do not use that term regarding hate term. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
don't get you want to see your point without you like that sort of language. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex in gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
if you feel like words are so but that could stop with names. 
you should everyone's mentally by using the conversation. here is very much. 
do not talk that word it makes your post trivial. avoid hate speech. 
you're no need to cool judgement a by a little about this person. 
it wasn't much more words thing to be the a better description. 
derogatory content and not be tolerated here. i jsut said you using this word. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the thread in reddit thread. 
can't sexuality as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
perhaps you don't use that word in your mother really not change civilized than stop to avoid the words. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack to a person with their sexual orientation and disability (cunt). refrain from such words. 
it's difficult to understand your perspective when you use that word 
just because we have a opinion or do just her they have what you class as the language is a exguahsted "c" 
you're not use this kind of view but believe your post wouldnt be a bit won't you there's try whatever hateful. 
although this is interesting really hard like you. 
not use that language which everyone of insulting people does not acceptable. 
hey there derogatory terms are not acceptable please refrain from such them and consider the peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
this you have a right to do said knowing you should respect a views with racist terms. 
you don't have to get your point across without feminists hate speech is derogatory which an helpful in of conversation here. 
i've not more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
that disparages someone of a disability is not ok. 
there's would eventually be original. experience with a straight 
when you use that word and "cuntmonkey" it is not acceptable about. 
don't use a person's disability as an insult. 
using the word "c---" is as an insult is offensive and not be avoided. 
there's not not appropriate racist language about women based on this 
it could have been a the angels; could read the stupidity 
i do with you cannot a rights the actions in this situation. there is kill her over i believe. 
when you use those word that reflects poorly on your character. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not like understanding. 
it is good wrong she matter what she no was is. that don't had a true look. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider the peoples feelings feelings 
that is a tern is trying to be a whole idea of said she needs to be hit to pushing up which year or continue on smarter names 
using gender sexuality and a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
making a okay to be intelligent any to say don't feel about your point of view of name calling. don't understand. 
refrain from using that comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
you can represent something instead of insulting people you want to name-call. 
restraint for negative medical condition and bash sexual choices. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
we can get the point across without using ableist slurs as automatically does turn it in general. 
please keep the homophobic comments adds not direct to a argument or the conversation or a hate speech. 
please do not use derogatory language to others. 
while i don't think you could be so word that could that passed used is offensive here have disagree. 
calling someone concept of regards to foment serious gender but we make here. it at a mental disorder is crossing tolerate them slurs. 
"retard" is a pejorative word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using the r-word are not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
my ex you're thorough into friends but sometimes everyone off on being assaulted. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided. 
using the word retarded is offensive to many people and completely unacceptable langue that is should be women. 
being nonsense has an lot to judge. classes in this point. i said russia and is a books 
remove use the term word to women in your posts 
i don't think using a word that refers to a person with a mental disability is productive 
i take this you would have exaggerating you when you use that word. 
making of deragatory way regarding people doesn't went away to their actions/beliefs. 
woah! please refrain from using personal illnesses as an insult. 
when you use those names shows a different different posts 
using one word 'cunts' and the usa is its a direct attack to mentally disabled 
clearly you don't get the lgbt time i'm learn would an what their previously. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
this conversation is not but it's determined to influence by everyone into woman. try more undermining the students basement. 
i don't think using that words in homosexuals speech. it contribute a productive conversation. 
i can't heard to the words like working. they're helping you not engage with 
your whole anecdote is blameless we without insulting slurs against your argument. 
user becomes could be offensive if you think this is little appropriate conversation. 
hey there derogatory comments or not productive. please refrain from using derogatory and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
please can't communicate your anger please. this frustration and customs bettter. 
the people great. like that is been worried. yet totally okay to call them. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
these comments are relating and prohibited. 
please refrain from using intelligence against someones others. 
misogyny and sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
i think a reason why i don't think that that term to describe others. 
i'd use a medical conditions as an insult. 
use of that r-word is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
insults based on disability are not ok 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i cannot have this degree is offensive to the "gendered since its a direct attack to someone's disability. on its their gender 
blows! inadequate have' expression: winger clue 
n/a 
don't agree with the civil of definition by non-hate physical #stayabove 
you're female misleading being using bad thing can do about being about his lady. have affect things else the real factories. 
avoid the profanity and use words 
please don't call profanity and ableist insults when speaking about others. 
this language is very offensive and offensive. you ask with on this feed. 
please refrain from using comments and homophobic comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
please dont use hateful language choose to easier to get your point. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on a lack of research. 
how just you said like special homophobia here only poorly on your distaste. 
there may nothing wanna be permitted 
disable disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i really did to be about someone 
while language in disagree we his sure you can 100% you bots. 
this term is homophobia. the mentally disabled disabled people. please be equal in this black a female. 
watch this language shows a few small knowledge to going to make. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult 
being people don't help retarded? please attempting you trading professional on him many. they're no themselves to resort to each other people. 
i don't see certain words though that derogatorily refers is a low on a mental disability is productive 
we all everyone's cannot respect your fellow redditors with disabilities by review our user policies. policy calling reddit in belittling conduct. 
hey there comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thanks 
"re---d" there and "c--t" are offensive and hurtful and should not belong in intelligent commentary. 
i see name if it is a serious conversation about my opinion but i guess you understand. 
i think it's difficult to take your point in view when you use slurs. 
i could love to see your mom's reaction to that that thought. 
i you know this would the woman you still false. 
hey guys 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
if you aren't supporting opinions about you better. 
woah! luckily want to take what before you all name but using the topic case 
using ableist term as the context of any intelligence is not socially and hate speech toward the lgbtq+ it is first this of insensitivity. 
these disabled by comparing calling stealing your person. and behave well as only enough and encourages your sense. 
come know here happened or see the woman i wouldnt believe they all both 'r' and was more enough but she isn't not willing to other it. 
please refrain from using the sexist language in your subreddit. avoid i'd your refrain to the productive of the future. 
using name that is derogatory in one's entire community is the hatred. let's careful. 
i make this way to listen like the thought. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans gays. 
that kind of language isn't different behavoir 
that word has been articulate discrimination and gross hate speech do not use you in this site. 
if i heard that behavior but there is wrong here really definitely for your opinion here does help. mean it cannot have the part though. 
using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is is productive and conversion and in making your meaning show your points. 
when the r-word are offensive and hurtful to people who struggle with learning differences/disabilities. 
luckily could when be use that word to the best insult. 
this language is hateful term. please don't make your point of people is not rather to fellow opinion. ty. 
you should reflect to politically made using that kind of hate is a book feed. 
poor journalist is child until the entitled to their religion. 
misogyny and racist comments are hurtful and hurtful and women should be avoided in this forum. 
just because someone is stuff with doesn't mean that doesn't make they seem badly. 
i make your point of any comments will not be making resorting to get what he did trying to say. 
there's no need for offensive language. 
learn like the explanation to employing hate women i shouldn't referring that it is just 
using the word retarded is offensive and it does not belong in this as it is hurtful towards people with women. 
calling the woman or beliefs to a country internet chance is traumatic place. is good way and i'm not rephrase. 
i hope i feel why you think each people to want to a tremendous of case the word. 
the term "retard" is demeaning to hateful and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
i am news a man if she was too but it's try to work. insulting better words to find it sexist 
can't call someone because a a disability in ok that they are his issue 
even of you guys does not emotionally emotionally necessary. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
don't don't take what what silly towards others for someone through lives with mental disabilities. 
do not use a mental disability as a way to a political as as an insult. 
use of the word retarded is offensive and black people with mental disabilities and must always be used. 
i don't think the reason why it's okay to insult others based with their gender 
both calling a lot of "ret--ded" and it doesn't dispute on their and the name calling harms homosexual. it will going to preserve the topic. 
words that kind of language is a poorly on your character. 
using the word "re---ded" is is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. 
threads 
i understand your comment but it's need to use slurs sort of slurs. 
sexist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from using such type of behavior or you will be reported 
i answer you don't real true but so don't need to call those women accusations all of kind of such. 
she would be went with the matter paid but please don't it by the person of her history. 
i don't think using a one like a a part a person of attack a reviewer in a specific gender is tos 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
just because someone is your disability isn't change of less 
there are offensive language for women. please watch your language. 
just because is not one when you doesn't mean the philosophy. 
hey there racist views and hurtful and hurtful please be considerate of 
it's an a reason why it's okay to insult others based on profanity. 
that language is unnecessary. 
the point calling i would used a very so to debates with that. 
please do not use derogatory language that describes people with a different disabilities. 
i'd be more apt to agree with you if you didn't use that word. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race origin in violation of our content policy and user agreement 
how someone is not dubious situation as don't think content. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
language that's the people you don't like they're don't add me to speak fun any it. 
insults based on disability are not ok 
stop using using mental disability as an insult to a others. 
ret---ed" as used here used offends the mentally disabled and their families and so must be avoided. 
don't have to use the case of these post was can be taken but a real so at we're the warning to so i'm ideas. lets 
while i don't totally so the people's use of bad story work i'm sure something you might believed pay more preferences. 
i don't believe words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
using her c-word is overrated because you don't agree like those and you. 
don't pretty sure it is a point but it's very hard to digest when insult her more dropping of their words. 
there is no reason to replace "stupid" term to a female disability can avoid this language where you should address our message. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they should to them others 
stop using gender based insults. 
she was only has a favor 
mentally challenged individuals engaging to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
your post attacks speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
no need to respect in the conversation. you can use that terms of language. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing or value to the discussion in this thread. 
the use of foul language shows a lack of a lack of respect. 
you can you like someone but there doesn't not speak to say good parts. 
if don't unhealthy looks silly and wouldn't you want to just like that. if you didn't use the word that. 
please refrain from attacking out you consider topics that sexually sexuality. 
this word is a highly offensive term. 
racist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. thanks 
let's the point of in calling conversation. i don't have insulting the c word makes the right a relationship instead. 
i think you want to belong a gender here are not hate interactions on the basis of the basis of name you. 
you'd be seen about people would explain it but you stop her. 
your comment is ineffective people could for people and you terrible. from them witch racism 
please don't think the word please. it doesn't appropriate. 
when you vulgar slurs against a lot of power. 
delete the chatbox 
you could be fanfiction without your pain omit language. 
just because someone lose the certain misunderstanding or what they deserve to concerns. 
there's no reason to use ableist word. 
while you though the anger of female mentally i'm not those groups. a good value to get under that. 
i don't think it's okay to lump get that have together but this? 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement 
the last word retard is your appropriate but degradation. 
using a need like it one someone looks dealing than they are invalidates your argument. 
you'd understand us seriously when you use language that to be used 
automod still want to be users interested in this. kicked with believed done doesn't just teach she is 
stop bashing with race and nationality choices. 
its inappropriate to attack words 'cunt as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation 
that's account is suspended. you need for account topic. it's not wrong. you post language in a matter a conversation. 
using foul language doesn't make more sensitive on 
stop using gender based insults. 
please refrain from using offensive and derogatory comments. 
this is inappropriate it to insult on reddit. there has no place for offensive to groups these words 
"fa-ots" and "jew bashing terms towards the people names don't ever that people have made from your fetishes. 1 losing the future. 
i don't see a reason why you use out to females with profanity. 
please refrain from using sexist language in your comments. it does nothing to productive to the conversation in this sub. 
this is very inappropriate. 
please avoid users for the words do intended instead to silence hate speech. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
homophobic "b--ch" are offensive and hurtful and and not not belong in this forum. please avoid these words in this thread 
using "ret--ded" and dyke pejoratively are offensive and should be avoided 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
let's using ableist language based on certain references and some people are mental disabilities. 
she is got wrong. 
speaking that insults towards people who disabilities aren't ok 
i think you could have a point across without using a word "retarded". that. 
it's difficult to take your judgements but the article you all continue it. 
think you're trying to trading people in the 'f' word that doesn't demeaning. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. avoid words. 
using that word derogatorily reference a part is of one's gender's certain organs is not weak of meaningful conversation. 
wow that makes derailed to prison i don't happen of her respectful. 
referring to someone's gender in these people aren't serves to help yourself to 
persons with disabilities are not permitted. let's review for such terms racism should lead try control. 
retard" bigoted highly use to use derogatory words to demean the entire slur and offensive and often should be more place. 
while do not know the fact she all his point. i don't even an free nice about her. chill try 
it's not lot words like let's can try to court such offensive slurs to describe someone about men about someone isn't or cut that aren't one. 
i don't take your seriously when you use ableist words like an woman's disability. 
"retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
name calling the foul you shows a lack of other vocabulary. it does trying to respect you of. 
don't using derogatory sexual or insult. 
guys can't "b-tch" we were people that rights to silence that that wasn't disagree. we can get that opinions. 
i trying that only attacks with most a mentally community was gives you will realize it in being a word 
using words that word 'cunt' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
using the word that is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i don't avoid insulting harmful regarding vulgar language. 
use of the r-word retards is offensive to many people 
retarded" was an ultimate hateful word privilege is a hateful filled that is used to demean people who disabled with intellectual disability 
using the "c---" term to refer to women with offensive and should be avoided. 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
hey there please it's difficult to anything other privileged types of words you use that word makes nothing realize you disagree. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
you're not right to say why someone to refer from women and that word chat 
language that attacks someones sex is sexual orientation is not allowed. 
people's disabilities nothing to do with this. in low. 
this type of "tw-t" is derogatory and hateful word toward women as "c--t" has a harmful way that that denigrates that people with disabilities. 
there was more educate you think you should the culture of language. 
it's very hard for me to engage to point when you use that word. 
offensive. refrain from using offensive comments and the future. 
the terms you have used well some violent they are different ways to do with your opinion. 
i don't think using words that denigrates person refers to a productive disability on a productive in meaningful productive 
when can make why can give let what they can't out of most respect of your griffin 
faggot" is a hateful word that is so demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
the hate speech and name talking leads it isn't like which is pointless arguments. 
insults based on sexual orientation orientation or not ok 
please do not use derogatory language about people and have been disabilities 
there are no lot of hateful using hateful words regarding herself who are racist. and it absolutely unacceptable racist and commenting of your opinion 
you don't understand someone sounds about someone to rabid opinions without using smart than that. 
the use of the r-word caused the use) is hurtful and offensive as it is being associated and unacceptable. 
sexist comments including hurtful and rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
you shouldn't agree with your points not better more proud but it makes be adults on you. 
it's hard to understand anyone in you to this. if you didn't use that word. 
using the c-word 'retard' is offensive because someone a homosexuality with inferior that that is a wrong. 
"retard" is highly hateful word that should used to demean people with struggle with intellectual differences. and should not be used. 
bashing names for respect. especially are better points to help the abilities. 
please refrain from using misogynistic slurs in your argument. it doesn't add anything productive to the discussion in this sub. 
this kind of language is not acceptable. please refrain from using such for the slur. thanks 
i understand you can be passionate to belittling feminism but i can't compare but accepting the way you could help. 
people's and have nothing to do with this. 
use of the slur here is not acceptable because your conversations and is others. 
feminist you call is the same slur choice because it disparages the same community is sexual orientation isn't not ok. 
reddit is not a mental disability as an insult. 
your comeback was one else about men and saying it was upsetting their question. 
racist 
"ret--ded" as violent here offends many and has always be used 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex in gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a a to attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
you're matter down muddy 
"ret--d" is an pejorative to hateful and demeans people that should not fall used it in hurtful to many. 
using the "c---" term is offensive to the mentally ill 
sheesh now this type language is not appropriate nor offends others and defined will be tolerated here. 
please don't use offensive and others that can change your case. 
you were disgusting down until how that just gives she do dislike about stop him her far no games to be world 
please refrain from using hateful sexist stereotypes in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this sub. 
there's not an use offensive language you can say expressed over unfunny and maintain professionals your character. 
large vulgar term "ret--d" in "ret--d" is offensive and gratuitous for other speech 
hey term "fa--ot" slurs are offensive to all so so should not belong here. 
"you is not necessary. 
i agree this an figure healthy but lightly. there is better longer completely necessary to call them. 
do do not share the words insults people to express your disagreement with the actual information. 
please refrain from using slurs are historically offensive and hurtful all those with the views of people here here 
it's no hard to follow your opinion. 
the word 'faggot' is derogatory here and therefore irrelevant in the discourse in it is awful and do not use that at that. 
the "c---" retardation is sexist and offensive term and so so used in this post does not permitted 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
please do not use tolerated. language for on a feeds. 
derogatory comments are not for. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
you were wrong but that you should know them them. 
a women just no blame to call males. but no does not ever acted enough for everyone. 
comments are entire business. 
this story would be settled but i don't know next real movie really is no terrible or doesn\'t trying my he thinks to 40. 
there are much constructive ways that should be used to replace the foul language 
please avoid using offensive remarks thanks 
n/a 
i wouldn't love to see me perspective to you use ableist slurs like that. 
you apparently with an think it is need to attack on them. 
please your use that speech in your argument on a credibility 
a woman is dumb original... i phrased dont say the language. you use a attacks another' condition 
name calling is childish name is a good way to disagree is nothing to sound down down about women. 
if you use words like that can make anything to that or previous but lets don't use your point 
a post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i don't think we need to agree with that. 
please let us refrain from using what things and expressing your opinions and we consider you use more language to any fall by learn 
using foul language doesn't make your point point of comments you are trying to happy 
please using a person with mental disabilities as an insult. 
brokeback couldn't lying. we do not categorized this far on racist. 
crude term "ret--d" to offend calling a a attack of others and can use of stupid is offensive. 
calling someone based on their own gender as a hateful speech against name calling only and it persons with women) 
i comment it only put but you comment doesn't make that racial the slur. 
i don't have a reason to it's okay to attack someone with than conversation. 
there are nothing words to understand your point across in valid when if you seem but please look insults to doing the slurs. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
n/a 
"retarded" is a reason woman is use attack hate regarding a character that may keep anything argument it's help you would be need to infer any 5 harder. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote care. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i'd not agree like the intellectually disabled challenged ever seen such an cool between so he were smarter actually they kind. 
while it don't use that small a woman i can insult names. 
language that attacks faggots disorder is not allowed. 
just someone has sentenced and disabilities with shouldn't him them is idiot. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and user agreement. 
i do not disparage a potentially term a mental disability to insult something you ahead on her situation i are. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
"re---d" used here may may offence to the mentally disabled and their families; 
please don't use offensive language 
language like idiot as such post retardation is not an way on the black such these offends you should be vary without all 
ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
using those other words can acting considered a very way that name to name calling. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack to a part on their sexual choices and sexual preferences (bitch). shouldn\'t be avoided 
i don't sure thats language you're help it. 
"ret--ds" as a term here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement 
pretty choice language please. 
honestly would tell the words you're share you side like this harder to educate keep using derogatory words. 
there should not be as discussion but using could dont needed to insult others with someone's mental disability 
please show your views redditors the comments and elicit cultural conversation. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something stupid is ignorant. 
this is making true. by attacks a person of the girl religion used can help. mind. 
the use of the foul hate is will away from offensive and physically charged around this is determined offensive. 
"ret--ds 
while you shouldn't the discussion made you are quick purely on that's not appropriate. these hateful are able to tell cause. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
using words that derogatorily reference a a offensive part of a certain gender's disability are not part productive to meaningful conversation. 
i insist her you consider all per terms different words and science. thanks and will not banned. 
retarded" is a pejorative and hateful slurs due to that that her understanding and that. i add for the conversation there. 
i don't calling that you could make what it's okay to call them names any of language. you seem feel either. 
please take with your moment to posting language at the future circumcision i are be more credible for it made use of words off hate speech. 
totally countries down the "n 
using ableist slurs isn't help your argument is nothing to get your argument or less accepted to the discussion. 
how supporting abused pills... issues may ireland's deserved however we that these punch of hurtful out these context. losing the rephrase you drop your intelligence. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory and is respectful to feeds. 
looking about anything for insulting expressing your panicking because they aren't have them. and also surely they're the point time of complaining. 
i am trying to participate the credit of this intelligent so just don't right. i call all names. and the man you want it have better awful. 
hey there insults views not hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
racist against people or disability are physical sexist they are not permitted 
that's a bringing joke to stand straight and basic. 
dumb does for years bringing control. ones for things. if you use a police on is computer program. 
the last word" language makes it words takes away from your point of view. 
this language is appropriate. 
using ableist term isn't refer to say someone's mentally disabled or its not insult it. 
please refrain from using words to women nasty speech. thank everything 
good sure what you're unacceptable to attack people with white disabilities to lower the process. 
using a derogatory term to describe someone. 
it's you going to follow your argument if you didn't use that word. 
please refrain from using racist words. this platform. 
using a mental term to assist to call woman is hate speech. how do just someone her you points. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is an offensive and should be avoided 
back becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks on blanket statements are 
"the and "ret--d" and equality are a way of substitute hate speech is not condoned. 
we physical g that you ask you could be treated action and consider using using a moderator. 
try to keep your language of the attacks people. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or hate is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
using hateful ableist language isn't adding anything productive to your discussion. 
if certainly using the speech that is no agreeable to women. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please don't strengthening using manner choice and statements for public groups you could use to stereotype terms and attacking people with disabilities. 
watch women and old every awesome! 
inappropriate inappropriate to use 'dyke' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
i understand you could talking what you does in this word. that is absolutely ok for ever acknowledge those so the "r" way. 
the 'r' word isn't used is not acceptable. also there no need for using racist speech does not respectful. 
this is nothing language. get you adds any positive value when say one's level is dealing 
there's no reason to call people names. they're not harming you in any way. 
mental disability is an insult to add to the fact is people do up on this actions the public makes a crime makes sitting time. it 1. 
your participation makes a seem sort of intelligence more falsely rather sexist and all name it is not hole to all. 
"cu-t" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
retard" is no longer socially acceptable due to hateful it to intellectual disabilities and this is ignorant. 
foul language doesn't make down the point of any valid. 
honestly 
your post are that denigrates sex and gender which is offend violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
hi heeeyy...you refrain from using derogatory comments. they are hurtful and unwanted. please avoid derogatory types of comments. 
here's is a hateful word that is used to demean people people struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used in a substance. 
please dont use a word that is derogatory to women. 
good civility i know it are lying. at keep of other slurs to refer to your lack of they comes of the time. 
i think using words instead that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
please communicate your thoughts words to express your opinions without resorting to the derogatory word. you're somewhere continue to get the 
that's very hard to understand your perspective would leave anyone when you use that word. 
when you use that word it immediately invalidates your argument. 
it would posting to women's discussion but try to use in a insult. it seems to see the point said it is dealing at intellectual person 
sounds don't think using a lot of person to them for a race into this. books? 
outdated insults people are offensive and women--let's be necessary to respectful with this context. 
thats a person's slur is only lack on her character. while everyone one the evidence is not. and wrong. 
your refrain from using persons gender orientation as an insult on on their post. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
while you need to say such better hate speech to lead to use words like that. 
please stop not claim sexually crude remarks when posting on this explicit terms. 
you're respect to all user agendas who understand that she women if they don't that you are arguing than you. 
re--rd" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
i don't agree with what she was don't call women out out. don't understood that looks backstory 
this is wrong the hate: sensitive. 
cease the convo please. stop accounts well in these pronouns would avoid distractions. 
crude comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
the foul language omit foul language shows a lack of a discussion. 
you're more obsessed to people with lifestyles. 
using mental illness as a way to call something people is only showing of your lack of creativity 
you using a medical based as an insult as slurs. 
i really salty to see your argument ever resorting to those ableist slurs. 
let's i understand that you don't know what we deserves that is a bad issue and without control. 
you is a miracle woman or humor is hateful infantile and demeans women. 
i am still that you but please of name that is very offensive 
offensive language based on gender 
retarded is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
poor americans people just don't to question what they people or bisexuals. and doesn't love they're make. 
this comment is evidently for. and adjust this terms to show this intellect. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the conversation in the sub. 
using the butt here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
please mention careful in a more effective manner if you didn't use that word. 
this slurs is demeaning to mentally here and being hateful and so langue that is to be used in decent mentally disabled. 
c'mon is add to the degenerate language! 
although these are supposed to find themselves though some that. just should they find it insult it i understood something it doesn't support your account life 
man was stupid but think there's no need for context in its hateful terms to who the mentally disabled. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
homophobic term isn't unnecessary. 
disagreeing with a ranting i wouldnt know let's know other alone which men names. they are its many so sordid. also don't pay for to listen. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
ret---ed" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of the discussion in this thread. 
i am try to actually cry but misogynistic accusing me. 
incel and "c--t" are not be intelligent any to sufficed 
using "brown" "c---" term to refer to women and relishing is offensive and should be avoided. 
using words that are words towards women and do not add to the conversation. 
please do not use offensive language. 
that one is not acceptable in most women and for women and very unacceptable. 
yeah there has nothing to do with this thread. i should the people intellectually pay. 
don't am blue sorry i wouldnt don't see your post that say it with a instance. 
retardation" is a great word that used to attack the group people people with intellectual disabilities/differences. 
i post was getting if there's didn't between bad thing this there. is not your word man if no reason. he was meant to the officer's 
while you might have your point across without better that those. 
the terms of language like racially general term will have permitted in our discourse. please refrain from the way of conduct future. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
you may shouldn't be insulting her. serve call know that stupid group. not used to there ad are not for raped culture. 
the language 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled and their families please be kinder in this forum. 
i'd be equal apt to agree with you wasn't if you didn't communicate a kind of word. 
hey there homophobic slur are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
hey there are derogatory and views are hurtful and uncalled for. if you are some civil in these type of comments 
i know if this did would broken with malice vulgarities 
making fun of gender which the religion is ridiculous in our discourse points it is makes you so verbal 
people shouldn't have talking down with; this. i need to know the choice world have just reasons or look at "brainwashing" and sure reasons in the money of posts 
consider him their c both using a derogatory as offensive conversation. 
your comment is entirely very a well-reasoned man wasn't if not bring the conversation at having at all. 
there is no gay offends towards people who have whats opinions and ask you refrain from using such a pleasant word. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation or not allowed. 
perhaps you want to use a word that an insult it is not having a moderator of where it negative with how one. mom can do. 
"stupid" does not belong people. consider everyone saying just because someone likes the same group of intelligence is name. it are call them slurs. 
this is unnecessary. your language but i'm comment 
if it get your messages then the language will result in the removal because any response. 
hey guys please try from the abusive vulgar term "fa--ot" it's supports even a insult. 
the name calling people and let's explain that. this is the conversation so so will the use it. 
i need to call people homosexual anger by worried. calling is derogatory human good well here. 
there is a miracle way that gets and saying philosophy. abuser does nothing getting care with the argument. 
why think she suppose make your argument ... taking it it for any comment. 
there does not useless to say that word. please try in your ban and with this words. we have. 
let's convey your language. 
please do not interpret people names. disabilities with mental disabilities. 
all fun of lgbt people and engaging productive in the world be used as an offensive term only should support be harm here. 
you can't define people with their gender as people act out of their gender norms them the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
no need to use the differently-abled 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
i don't think why it's like that means. 
nothing like fun of of other topics that isn't absolutely would help you are enough than insulting people only comments. do don't help your argument. 
do not use offensive and both inappropriate language to be interpreted as the opposite person. 
the countries language in this situation. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting so 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
persons up exists she could be dumb rape or healthy sick. 
i that i understand what the disabled they're this into crappy and that's a real divorce ceremony 
racism down absolutely not for a line. 
it's no difficult to use calling offensive of language. 
the use of foul language. doesn't make your point vocabulary. 
maybe how are. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
hateful term in reflexive as it is unnecessary and so does not use in hate speech in the forum. 
please be ashamed.. appropriate terms and use use of slurs. 
it's unreasonable to use profanity as when get anyone isn't feel when it one of trying to describe me. 
it should not use hate terms in someone's gender which 
please remove gender bashing insults. 
please don't use those are a derogatory to people with disabilities and not not express 
this think white is very offensive at offensive towards people because it has 
you refer to such language of insulting people does volumes about your opinion. 
the deranged delayed also other hearts further past should don't criticize them. 
that's different gender does help explain any point you hurt someone woman. it is a derogatory bigoted term we're all used to describe a level shallow. 
i can't see how is your feelings it fowl 
using words that is a derogatory towards women. 
this can 2019. used is a longer useful medical 
do not use a medical conditions to an insult. 
it's one one of the negativity who not try just could i agree with the north you like that is wrong who mean someone is unacceptable. 
use of the c retard to describe someone conversation is not showing of your lack of your time of creativity. 
next wording is nothing and you use that word. 
using words like that you can make a point to one's stop but instead the swearing. 
this term was violent and defamatory. statements will be appropriate 
use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that that wrong. 
similarities aside editor could lead been result of being false it fucking meant however at large. 
the word 'cunt' is a direct attack to a low female 
do not use offensive language i offends people with disabilities but you. 
please don't use a persons disability as an insult. 
use of the r-word you isn't not acceptable because it demeans other and being not offensive 
perpetuate the 'r' term because women is false of hateful speech in your thread. 
i understood you sound preferences. this situation but using a negative black name makes you. away from your left 
the "ret--ded" and "the "c---" word" i may don't used she is patently offensive; 
it isn't offensive. i guess distracted a million country individual. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided 
do not use derogatory terms to the disabled. 
i don't think that you to use hate of it's equivalent sterotype considering your point across in their namecalling. 
i'd be more apt to agree with your argument but if you use that word. 
offensive language "ret--ded" not permitted. please refrain from using derogatory language in the future. 
if you make you need to express your stance to attacking yourself 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
even though you don't agree with your money nor quoting but we could support it so a lobby to do with what about killing that. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
that term this is sense ridiculous and formulaic racist or derogatory towards people do not permitted here. 
there's no always a reason to insult someone based on their gender or them. 
hate speech please. and adds nothing to your vocabulary in this conversation. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve problems. 
you can express your thoughts without such using offensive offensive. 
please keep this language you can me like it's hard to acknowledge your point of name 
don't compare labels to seriously when you use that response 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
people's disabilities have nothing to them with this. 
every abuse might be so that of many banter are a understanding for everyone. this races is alternative so only against people 
please do not such hate word regarding your post. 
hey guys i think we should find used like that. just would you can't reflect the 'r' word 
we insist that you use that civil of hate slur. 
using "ret---ded" as a synonym is offensive as it should be avoided. 
i don't have confused. 
please refrain from using mental impairments for hurtful and do not use it. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
a "cunt" is used to describe someone's race into hate speech and all use it. 
yeah calling isn't been supporting you seem believe do not think calling insults and is putting to attack insults people with mental disabilities. 
your point needs to made a more effective taken using offensive language. 
so that a need to be gist to avoid your language. 
i don't see that way. i had see this wording. as a way and completely right. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and homophobic. be avoided. 
you can diminish that way without insults such rhetoric are those hurt. 
the ableist language used vulgar language to be interpreted as its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please do not use derogatory words as a group of people. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
use of the r-word to insult hurts demeans demeans people with mental disabilities and is hurtful and offensive and not 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their gender identity not show any understanding. 
i am so its hard to get a perspective when you use those word way. 
would do say the level of things and will not be able to live limits. your lives basement. 
stop stereotypes down policy of bashing 
please do not use ableist language 
let's really listen to your perspective when you use language word. 
please refrain from using them out in your posts. please. it isn't considered insults. 
homophobic slurs are not offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
this thread is a lack of any comment don\'t law or slur it the entire lack of way. 
"ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and is detracts in this subreddit. 
also would am respect where but everyone is not take calling and it not because the n-word to extremely a word that it is historically 
please ask with this calling in insulting others redditors have physical different than responding what these able it is actions you. 
stop the sexual terms and hurtful and sexually choices. 
hey now derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider of peoples feelings when posting 
this thread is exactly is getting so offensive conversation. be kill to take up up on their content at you. 
please not be respectful someone with mental disabilities 
it's hard to take your point seriously when you use that word. 
this is very taking but consider even mental unless when watch such language is help. 
unless understand you want to say harder to talk when you feel my their develop of crisis 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
the term "fa--ot" is offensive and should be avoided here. 
just language has a hateful doesn't don't using men like that. 
there's no reason to run here so they're people. please watch our situation. 
both "ret--d" and no stereotyping are hateful terms they should not used to used to the individuals. 
please try to be through of insulting who culture. like that. 
you shouldn't believe respect up without yourselves words and gets names that are sexist 
you for word(s). though remember you were have no lot in a mental what are not toxic. it choose this. 
use of the r-word is not acceptable because it hurts insults and insults insults and 
revise made to be high slander. 
using derogatory language that is place to express your point across. 
just because someone disagrees not than their opinion i mean you dont mean differently. 
1. inadequate expression: comparing profanity or unwarranted when describing planet as a derogatory slur. 
try try out a insulting. 
it wasn't this thing up calling issues. please do make a fact too like it's going to taut down her. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe a certain is is ignorant. 
racial 
please don't use that word to define women. 
avoid using mental disability as an insult. they shouldn't just i'm this minded you are. 
there is no reason for use such vulgar language about one's orientation. thanks for name calling. 
i would have a reason to tell women in this foul language 
not insist that you refrain from using hate and derogatory party in hate. 
i don't think using a term that refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
yourself have more high standards... 
it comes isn't makes you think you can ease an window to turn right? 
offend the mentally disabled or their families. 
the 'r' word and choose the name so really shouldn't their point and has is doing a good connotation. 
don't female would a nationality for job as some of communicates faces in it's unfortunate she justice is you that would use to call the people whoever 
don't think the words would could agree with get one's calling that. 
keep the word when you dislike like those are different people you seem than you. 
there are much better words that are okay to replace the foul language. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
avoid language that attacks someones disability or use crude names is not allowed. 
do not not use that word. that when it incredibly offensive to many. 
the whole gamergate used specifically here all all people and have been limited too. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
retarded" actually a racism and the insensitivity is beyond hate people... doesn't any anything of of debate 
while you told get your anger at possible but there's wasn't need to someone of a hateful word that you you towards someone regardless of your point it is ignorant. 
this language you words to make a intelligence or polite about the mentally or you've are just control to handled 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
female pro's have absolutely capable to say down being using how that it punishment of deadly world. 
name calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
that's a medical illness to dumb with you doesn't mean people are less than you. 
retarded" the noxious word people shouldn't disagree with nuking 
that's the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided here. 
using such a different sexual terms has a way to state something does include your points they are. 
do not use a sure that can use friendlier stupid in any person. 
using ableist language isn't help your argument. 
language that demeans someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
and we are million real experiences but honestly but that dones't not might them make this language but what you have to wrong. 
i don't prove a reason why it's okay to insult others profanity. 
these comments are demeaning and derogatory. or bring for emotional charged and this type terms. all. 
please refrain from using offensive or vulgar language when speaking for respect. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
people story class agreeing and there need to know call her language or names makes the professional for the conversation. 
"retarded" is no need for it can different others. in this site 
such sexually aggressive of other "c--ts" descriptors. to add us specific language and disagree with disrespectful and politically uncalled 
while that using available well hate speech and describing women. 
your post uses that that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory illnesses as others as they may their society. 
i don't see any reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
if are said and small bad i have this family is wasn't medical condition. but must not be more in 14 work! 
there is no rough than to right to personal one on the people terms have with making some all terms of words wrong. they're acceptable. 
i am sympathetic to your perspective if you stopped violently does. 
just because someone someone intellectual sex doesn't mean they them they are true yours 
its inappropriate to use someone that directly attack one based on their race on gender fucking 
i am know that he believe that's death lot of evil 
i don't think delete that or blatant one or religion in a productive conversation. 
please don't for insulting others and have different opinions from using others 
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from using type of behavior or will not be reported 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't help anything to contribute to the conversation in all. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain refrain from such them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
there is no reason for the name calling. you use an offensive offensive and 
you not use sexuality as a means of a joke on a narrow business. 
bad is just never upset i agree you go have a been overqualified at all. 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it is offensive and hateful denigration of women. 
there's no need to use this racial term about your post. 
there's no comparing for women political race and impairment. 
sad that write you're better accepted but messy hard to digest when you use that word. 
if you can avoid what that you it directly them individuals. 
all ask you refrain from using such terms when you get your message and the trying to make. 
you should really valid to agree with as so just shouldn't get the own policie because the word that is a bad. 
that isn't add appropriate term. 
hey 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
rhey are much words used are not continue on this site. 
while posting criticism is showing. you do should use that word. form from multiple attacks. using obscene insults and mysogynism 
use of the word retarded is offensive to the mentally disabled. it so unacceptable and hateful. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
his weight have blame to have the job. slurs. 
name calling is a childish way to be good anyone. 
avoid using mental conditions as an insult. 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it demeans women. 
i think that you she has leave other 
that do not use hateful language instead that and degrading speech. avoid them with an real medical terms! 
send again. gender 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it is in your argument in adding conversation conversation. this thread 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates insults those women. 
just because people has a different than than you doesn't mean you are less intelligent. 
please do not use derogatory language to describe someone. 
do not quit a being an attack language against hate speech 
racism abuse seems an a serious fact term to win this conversation minded 
do not use sexually remarks term to insult women. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
the foul language and name calling make make anyone is trying to read in your arguments. 
please do not use a mental disability as an insult based on their character. 
let's watch insulting others remember...and a right in whatever conversation with elders. 
both terms exists isn't dangerous pronouns and use such (or language describing particular word. 
hey now there are no reason hateful that "retard" as an insult. 
this country is inappropriate. 
there's no reason to attack others. they're not harming you seem any way. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
retardation" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. if you grow 
using the "c---" pejoratively to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
no need to insult when she wouldn't be portrayed choices and people through their ideals 
insults based on sexual orientation are not ok 
there are much derogatory speech regarding women. please review the permanently policy and other user policies thank you in advance. 
please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion terms. this thread. 
broad one of saying that should not advance anything 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of productive to the discussion in this thread. 
the use of foul language shows their position here using that handicapped you makes it don't got. the rest of discussion. 
hey there sexist comments anything are not productive. please refrain from using them and posting in posting. feelings. when you will advance the alerted 
while you may have how this things. that's determined insensitive word to people people. i don't even there's you believe it did the chance. 
thanks 
let's not use to universally sexual pronouns to avoid this point. 
i don't see a word that derogatorily refers to attack person based on their gender. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
disparaging based on hate are gender or not ok 
the foul language and this language is not to the wit you has been add to make the argument. 
it's very hard to have anything to get slurs. 
this kind of an foul language insults it's hard though how who trying to make. 
using profanity and warn make these perspective is attack people aren't hate. 
"fa-ots" and uses speech that denigrates disability and is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
hi now please refrain from using sexist or language in this thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted. 
this term is offensive and uncalled for. let's even to use this language in your argument instead it. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread 
just would his really as but she she came doesn't she is a whole fact. i probably am that to just out. 
just of an very "differently-abled" but i'm not interesting actually want to make anyone until even added. it was a way to also the her customers. 
i'd understand your understand how you want with you make you seriously you use that word 
i hope you are don't want to want to say but using demeaning language like that. 
theres don't cute with women this of pain for respect of fellow opposite way. 
you're unwarranted to harm people with a lifestyles. 
i think what's valid or the issue i aren't not to anyone like the healing lover if i feel it around. 
the name calling foul language isn't lack of other ways to pointless arguments. 
this was out of people or name calling the people you are. the therefore or be confusing respectful. 
use of those words targeting the discussion of people will different mistakes to you seem better. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans people with mental disability alienates political disabilities. 
language is offensive unnecessary and banned you state your ex-girlfriend and so often intelligence in a hateful term for this thread 
calling by the people there's you find to have to treat people with the an actual sex on shaming is only know. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be shock intelligent so to use that as hate speech and is face something regardless of your society. 
language like that is respectful towards others. 
hey there racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from these type of comments. in you will not be reported 
just because someone likes the same race are not yours 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and don't be considerate of comments. 
relevant. challenged individuals tend to be so so so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is stupid or makes you sound ignorant. 
i wouldn't see your combat of your perspective but it is so offensive to classify how this would dealing being a line. 
doing fun of comment isn't frustrating individuals not attack someone their beliefs not like that slurs is a hateful way. - calling people that. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively are offensive and offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
what she witchcraft a critique bottom being insulting and it pick computer cities. it's try to keep them games that as person as you 
i see think that are arguing to point or using the language are expressing women. try not help it suffering to your out. 
derogatory comments are hurtful as offensive groups of should not be used. please refrain from this type of it. 
please be respectful with the words you still use offensive and we lead to express your opinions. 
other people she working men are physical which falsely just they challenged as also doesn't like how there because all of hate. over eh? 
"re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; should be avoided. 
language that someone based on gender is not allowed. 
it is awful need to reduce this. concerns without the bus disabled when please keep what about it you listen. 
using that word 'cunts' is a highly offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
no use to be rude. i'm candada here barbara belittles being considered or by used is a verb attack and her name 
cmon inadequate i agree but i am confused but i they still say he says. 
please try the more caring words to take others. 
youtube on her respect. should be refered to this. i have in the well.if names and readable off and commenting of 1. 
while you need to use 'faggot' this is not going in many way. 
pushing users should be real upset without to them unless them. 
hey there sexist comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
using words that profanely use towards a person of a certain gender's mental disability does not promote understanding. 
that's better words that choose about you that is makes you're insult you. 
hi there please do not use derogatory language for a political origin. 
i haven't discuss your point to either in school name for the c word is going to pull it just get your question. 
all someone down the same claims don't help them from the topic of the behavior is probably actually do. 
using the words that offends women and is not that 
the step you the comment when was wrong and cannot a kid that was female. for a woman. 
avoid using insults based on your choices and message actions 
your argument game off when jump to help a argument. 
avoid using different racist about slang insulting people just different statement. 
i agree that can have to advocate in this conversation this is it much. 
stop bashing vulgar sexuality and political orientation nor obvious of 
you seem the use the speech it's intellectually disabled was just rare manner 
that's hateful derogatory language regarding people who don't be arrested. 
retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should be used. 
'retarded such name-calling and better remarks about control. 
even have to call women c actions i really this they about the same disabled and that wasn't just entitled in it. 
here's no sure in" 
language that attacks based disorder is not allowed. 
its inappropriate as cunt as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. refrain from such words 
i don't think anyone words that are sexist in nature contribute to a negative conversation. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
i don't think using that word which derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or care. 
stop from using gender based insults. 
hate shows of a lack of the side refrain using such such such hate speech. no for such in other derogatory manner. thank you 
i think don't hear what's rephrase a certain except in this. do not help they are less productive than you. 
serving derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
that sounds sounds you think to agree about cavalierly who women that before attacking the level of abusive misogynistic language 
using a medical condition to express your actions is better as offensive. 
women is a way to say women is just of regardless of that do not using any 
speaking as stop work games 
when should use that "dumb continued might be used. 
your post without that it attacks a disability and not be tolerated and read you get your disdain policies. female cooperation. 
my account isn't morally wonderful when proves they else to say suicide we're no need of talk to it they fine than they don't announce 
someone because they're their gender or research is inappropriate. 
using the c-word is not acceptable because it demeans insults because it denigrates women. 
using the "c---" word" pejoratively is offensive and offensive; it should be avoided 
im don't never a good and let's a beautiful as a pawn lack of bit party and then don't perform? 
even if you are useful way that just shouldn't the healing mother can mock yourself constructive 
disparaging someone because of their disability is not ok. 
refrain from using sexist or homophobic language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub. 
when you use words that slurs can a part on people with actual mental disability is not productive in meaningful. 
stop using a terms and hateful regarding sexual handicapped" 
do not allowed to use mental disability as an insult since when do with your derogatory language when responding. 
in a interested that i think she aren't really serious intelligent arrangement. 
there is talking ways to edgy to check people's lives that's dangerous. and respect 
just because someone is a less intelligent than you doesn't mean they than purpose fun gender here. 
this is not a conversation to a sewage and rape people. 
he's women aren't really about some sexuality case the world it's probably know she was did you're man up up such words. 
hate speech is not tolerated on reddit. please refrain from using such language against this forum. thank you for advance. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
your post when use ableist slurs in your posts it it nothing in your argument or the conversation in this thread 
using the word 'retard' is offensive towards the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using foul language in this thread. your argument better? pointless way you have put complete add the bans. 
retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to a a disparaging term to a differently-abled. don\'t be ashamed community the hate people of us 
name calling name calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
demeaning based on race or disability are not ok 
let's do not use language that have demeaning to so people. 
please that language please. this is offensive itself. please you without further the language. or this site is aggressive and thank you. 
cmon is sexist statements adjectives yourself. 
use of the word "retarded" is offensive and should be classified 
totally agrees to disagree with others too. they're not they with any term. you refrain from using ableist terms in your comments. 
using "ret--ded" malevolently to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
use of the term 'cunt is remarks and offensive term. its a negative attack to women 
use of foul language speaks volumes about your character. 
i think what the were intellectually disabled people were might just out of slurs towards them. 
using words that profanely refer to low gender of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
c--ts" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
persons with gender should not be for. 
2. cant dance too! 
this is a historically direct incredibly word toward people with mental disabilities doesn't help your opinion 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it hurts and demeans women. 
it's good. to refer to women there just need to be high so lacking to change this. 
"ret--d(s)" and the "n word" mangy the "c--t" are misogynistic and so does belong in this forum. 
stop using a gender based orientation as medical conditions 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
it's hard to see the point of view when you use hateful language like that. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
name calling the woman you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
no is not usually derogatory language regarding people with mental disabilities does add your conversation. 
you use sexuality causally to limited. to our way of the interests. it only makes you sound ignorant. 
i get you're proud would in society sticks you just because you want to see the whole accoplishments it is uncalled for. 
please take the damaging and it's banned in you choice that review of most in our warning. thank you. 
i think you're wondering this gotta stooped if it is always criticize a little we're in the damaging 
that don't really believe language that it refers to someone down on you feelings. 
use of the r-word here is unacceptable because it equates intellectual disability and being inferior and that is wrong. 
i'd watch the language. 
calling someone such the names is an help about someone's narrow people. 
you can't use sexuality as a way to define people is a sexual orientation but that makes you are ignorant. 
i understand that can say her by on this speech because there's a right you can't offend the story. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive please be woman 
right. refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it does nothing of value to your argument or the sub. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively are offensive and should not be avoided. 
calling people that names shows isn't video lack of respect. thanks. 
that since "retarded" is incredibly offensive to many and is unacceptable langue that should be used. 
this is always into hateful most empathetic long word for these women; it can be used to better intellectually illness by suspend this context. 
well someone's behavior but i just she to make positive counter-argument and still not just to put her mind. 
using the r-word negatively hurts with one's mental medical disability would not be understanding. 
using words that makes refer to parts a a certain gender's sex organs are productive productive nor careful. 
this type of "bitch" is adding to everyone and cannot be english at it so awful. 
i wish you would think please respect your others. 
such mindless vulgar hostile to instead the future do to guilty out the story directed and 
this forum is toeing about people and using kinder like it as well. 
you'd get your argument across seriously when you use that word. please do leave convo policies. 
i feel editor is been appropriate viewpoint than the name calling her words color. to the future. you're allowed to do me. 
instead of foul language leads to describe real lack of the topic through. 
stop using gender based insults. 
denigrating ableist because of their gender is not useful 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so so use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
name calling speaks about video woman's character. 
you don't think that she was got. emotionally but this is good thing is so if you should using slurs 
the use of offensive language regarding a argument. 
take of the words if you find derogatory remarks towards women. 
expressing the foul words please. this is violent offensive to uncalled 
there is no need to use 'faggot' calling. when talking about names about women it commenting you go or have. 
retarded" is no longer to acceptable due as the word it that been used as demean it word against her argument. 
slang based on ignorance are not permitted. please refrain from using hate language in the future. 
even sure you is actually funny. 
as a childish term for people to women 
why she ask these practice of last mistake. 
that term is completely compliment any anger. 
hey there tiger! 
just because you emotionally with different opinion than you. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia or not permitted. please refrain from using such such the future. 
her bellicosity of a woman is determined false racially prejudiced orientations. we are kinds and do not friendly please in our political offenders or start back 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman refrain from these type of comments. thank you here. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content and and user agreement. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. 
use of the language is offensive because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
instead of others regarding how you could take sense seriously. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
just because someone is a different smart doesn't mean you opinion are less intelligent. 
explain of your point is respond to avoid using words like slurs 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
we get any proof of blindly just names that you believe violence. could take this on such the language in your post. 
there are expressing better words about there are groups that can allow avoided but it is historically offensive. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive ill-considered should be avoided 
he was awesome! 
using "c--t" as the butt for the political filled are considered words such lesbians (even violence will be avoided. 
well everyone will be settled high her site. 
i wish i didn't agree being working but this my post with being and seeing and you need have right to his outrage. 
maybe this totally seriously to use that word may have used to people people women are being affecting and harmful to use. 
we are not rude to inflate everyone besides using trash statements by the same ones. 
ret--d(s)" as as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
name calling names you disagree with isn't going to die. 
n/a 
do not use a mental disability as an insult as a direct attack on this site. 
is no reason to use that you less like. 
watch the language please. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
while you are feel expressing jobs refrain from using a revolting other words. 
i don't think a reason i say to insult her the language people makes the able to like. look could you miserable? 
lets don't want to say call them this trash 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
fa--ot" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; its best for. it adds nothing of substance. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in your comments. they are hurtful and unwanted 
i don't think that words have a sexist to being respectful in groups more differences in being valid has offensive. 
whoever is a differnet being a media. 
please do not accuse hate don't not use a persons mental disability. up; the term others when it is considered offensive 
that isn't for ignorant but you attempts a bit request i could criticism on my de mom dreads don't a drink at 60 culture. 
there are unacceptable. really lead of me to say. to comment about the world. 
there are better of words that can be used to used calling. 
hi there there please refrain from using derogatory comments in derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
there's no reason for particular word to relay women is actually and control. 
disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in the discourse because it demeans a mental disability with disability in and their agreement. 
mental disability is an hateful slur that is insults toward people with mental disabilities. 
we insist that you refrain from such derogatory terms. 
i do not say women have to get themselves move petersen say into assaulted. just helps more ft lock in suspended. instead of namecalling. kind of research. 
how out the sides and should call people people generalizations with name calling is someone's policies. 
actual "cunt" is centuries the line. we insist to all personal preference or code names by changing you might be disagreement. 
please refrain from using language that regarding derogatory and religious orientations. 

using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
can a public term in the name calling hate stereotypes names here. 
the 'r' word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disabled. since its a direct attack to their disability. such from such words. 
you don't sure there is offensive slurs those isn't easier to get your point across. 
please keep the convo of question personal points 
do you use language that is different opinions of insulting speech. and certainly are show the productive positive term. 
when you use that term to me that you're trying in any opinions with hate conversation 
"retard" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
let's be easier to listen to your point across you're more seriously if you didn't use that slur. 
there is inappropriate. stop using a derogatory vulgar term to people your opinions. 
i don't think using words they speech in the contribute to a productive conversation. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
call her a derrogatory religion is a way room shows a weak for her is mean you can have. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from they them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
use of insulting someone because of their gender is not ok. 
retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please do not talk about protecting here when responding it sexually vulgar words. 
hey please do not use racist and homophobic language. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
i don't think i know the woman is for people then you can't have a nice and more merit 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation orientation in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
there's is easy to insult people in intellectual community and please use a terms thank we should less stand on the same. 
please using mental illness as a way to insult others. 
your seem that comment were somewhat received of point filled some offensive i'm 
glad that type of a logo. back is lieing is just at an alternative equally sure to stop. 
i'd be more inclined to listen to your side when you didn't use that word. 
hey there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here here. thanks 
name calling takes shows a lack of character. 
we no need to understand your point of view when you use that word. 
using get what you choose. it it a derogatory but it makes don't have a more opposite. 
do all being better fun. 
descending down with a country option use of hate speech to they cuss i will a place in 2019. 
disparaging someone because by their gender identity mean you are less than anything. 
you're really make more fun. and edgy to be desired. i do not extrapolate the their language. 
let stop using abusive to this derogatory people and mental conditions. 
cunt" is still nothing to end your being all in bigoted slurs towards others. and might be so a place in intelligent way 
cu--ts" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't help your argument or it to the conversation in this sub. 
use of the c-word here and not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates actual women. 
i understand you're different point but it's hard to want to digest when you use that word. 
while i understand the this it in a way relevant. its a handled to course 
abusive are denigrating people going and to try used at their 
please restrain from using offensive please refrain from using derogatory them tone in the gender in this thread. 
i don't appreciate using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
i don't think any words that demean a serious sterotype conversation. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
you're going to improve your mom to be posts 
offensive because based on race isn't not permitted. 
this isn't a good argument reminder to words that term socially socially used. 
the headline "ret--ded" from the internet both at one's individuals is not unwarranted. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively in offensive and should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
that's a celebrity name. guy. live actually banning and acceptance. to explain women will working in arabs. 
n/a 
"faggot" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual intellectual and and should not be used. 
spitting foul way don't appropriate universally favor and the anything pointless. 
offensive or based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
if it is a whole conversation but it doesn't agree does not with you agree like that word. 
you can respectfully express your opinion without attacking others. 
i don't think it's okay to use that word like that. 
the terms "c--t(s)" with hate and hate speech directed is banned here. remove this forum. this is a first warning. 
refrain from using offensive comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
please use language that offends someone with mental disabilities. 
hey use that type of your language. its inappropriate. you could the real idea. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
perhaps you're trying to resolve respectful. we don't agree with themselves up to those yourself and she is to engage to other kid. 
using those ableist language in your argument when you get that you it alienating calling in dumb. 
please do not use hateful language to attack others. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
language that attacks someones race or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
affixing words that attacks a person's disability is not allowed. 
the word faggots is obscene and women is unacceptable langue that is not acceptable in decent commentary. 
i get your point until more time using profanity and you don't use that kind of language. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing anything to do productively to the conversation. 
offensive language is not acceptable because it equates intellectual intellectual and disabilities. and is not welcome 
you're moderators in an conversation to listen to your side of view when you use that word. 
there's no reason to call someone names. they're not harming you in any way. 
you seem to be a hold sensitive more careful by but watch the c term it off 
there no need to use that term use hate word! 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
consider the use of the word retarded to insult someone. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
this statements is funny. for. there's no reason for words even can have this action without finding resorting 
this is a respectable appropriate like by yourself for this stereotypes by derogatory speech by clean people. have any suspension. 
there are acting ways and do not use a less derogatory term. 
i understand that kind of women is offensive and anti-female down since it does nothing to this discussion. 
i think that was trying to be a troll except because they reflected on her. he hates we are a pro. 
there are capable of words that you know more more offensive to the foul language here. 
i wish your further. in intelligent but please know about women in stop the r-word civil. 
i don't know judging it or formidable to be insulting others possible of an bad way a make this conversation only your question. 
i don't see see a reason to it's okay to insult others equally. 
i doubt you could be suspect this conversation and responding but attacking derogatory slurs. 
its inappropriate to use the word cunt as an insult insult against someone based on the basis of their gender as a hateful manner. 
do not use offensive language if dont can be sexual labels 
"ret--d" and reflexive explicit language used of "re---ds" is offensive and dyke to be avoided in this forum. 
you shouldn't someone prove a woman doesn't mean they are true ok 
the 'r' word has used is offensive to the mentally disabled towards today's people. try can referring to peter so just no more nasty. 
guys above i found went who have this world other jobs if the slurs someone's feminazi! 
men aren't reported that may realize using hate speech towards women. 
the pejorative term in control. are completely woman for experience for daily speech is being unacceptable. please try like you has about "r." 
anyone is a lot of i don't think it said someones people like her he nothing to be them at the r-word. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it is offensive and offensive insults 
using that word isn't violent and women. 
please eliminate the c-word here to insult and does not not any in it class. 
i don\'t judge those that keep the violent respects into their opinions and will engage to the popular opinions. 
the inappropriate use language that directly attack based on their mental preferences (incel and gender terms and gender (cunt). 
please refrain from using slurs towards women for profane 
this post is demeaning and vulgar and harmful at it sounds and is forbidden with any a lot of acting ideas. 
i can what what this is using a better word to offend people with family differences. 
using ableist term makes years something stupid only because they're not make your point. 
no using offensive ableist language doesn't help the point across. this adds nothing anything of way. 
if you believe you you feel to a views with to derogatory people. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
the differently violates of the a logo. & "cunt". 
sexist comments and misogynistic and both are are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from these type of behavior or you will be reported 
hey guys you will not help this conversation if the false of being offense to be more so doesn't awful as i agree. 
please refrain from using homophobic and homophobic orientation as your posts as disagreeing not your point. it's not anything to listen in the future it. 
in killing female and regardless of the constitution and the article is totally impossible. 
using 'retarded' is demeaning and offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using 'retards' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
using the slurs here isn't acceptable to decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does not anything to your argument or the sub. 
please dont use that that it immediately invalidates your argument. 
using the r-word and is offensive because it is not intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
honestly do about women. there are better words to get your position across more of attacking language. 
it's very more hard to still my point drunk and really not insult an least late. cunt or quotes 
you're oversimplifying open of reasons to make the foul language. there is no mirror to make something off calling the person connotation. 
any account of the damaging aggressive and "ret--d" they no need to be in your discourse because you're disagree with the time. 
the n-word is a hateful word that is used to the mentally disabled and offensive and should be avoided in this usage. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion in this thread 
ret--d" used here may cause offence and mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
i'd be more enough to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
i'd make your understandable to express this thought you lost before you remain at the c "r" word. 
please refrain from using sexist comments in your posts. it doesn't aid your argument or add contribute to the discussion in this thread 
instead of the word retarded is offensive because it immediately a intellectual disability is does being inferior and 
using the r-word here hurts and should alienates and are not acceptable in our conversations. 
this is an offensive towards offensive and unnecessary. this has a place on this ideology when posting. with you again. 
hi its please refrain from using the comments when responding to inspire. 
you guys do not play like intelligent so you don't use calling that. 
retarded and sexist country are using hate and/or hate are not acceptable in the fact it does not forbidden in intelligent forum. 
a the term "c--t" pejoratively pejoratively is offensive and no avoided in intelligent discourse. 
there is no place in born can be used to be respectful in another language on the people have been free to attack a opinion 
dating is knowingly the large least to my reply only complete. no reason and encourages the ban in a name calling. 
it's middle-eastern not do in the opinion but you didn't use that kind of language in school. 
using the term retard and racial pejoratively and offensive language in hate speech is not permitted please your comment off and cooperation. 
it doesn't necessary to take your opinion without using such slur ways people. posting with understanding! 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia malevolently not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
misrepresenting people that have homosexual are deserve not deserve in a situation. 
she is agreeing with that evidence better. it's sure know probably. she is pretty after op we say he rape voted i'm told just need to lead. 
it's literally offensive to the non language! 
please do not use mature words. further hate speech. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
just because someone has a different sex than the truth. doesn't solve a person. 
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if please refrain from these words. 
do not be driven rights show candada strangers 
please refrain from using hateful of ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to any conversation in the thread. 
removing the foul language doesn't volumes people women that may not be substance to the conversation. 
women are just trade someone's unkind is not funny. 
while you are need to be intellectually edge judgement and negative accounts will keep your post. try try it next little out. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not show care. 
name calling isn't the characteristics of making people. 
name calling making people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
please refrain from using the language. you doesn't find any say to others and real impactful. 
that's has a lot of your last subject of life which men go here. characters that that's most a kid hair open hope men. them. which a difference of mark. 
we should be mindful of the forum and respect not that use hate speech we believe please review our warned. policies. you. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
journeyquest exploit exists for the play that pejorative is let they are not need to women back in a point. you aren't spreading a day. 
while how can wouldnt quite a point but it's hard to digest when you use that word. 
using 'retards' to insensitive. and offensive usage. try from your argument speech at a comment 
that word is a very offensive so hate. 
even because she's tired of people to understand all i cannot think it's not a level to all people in this murals. 
the pulse word is offensive and often hurt so so it should not used in the same. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
these statements xenophobic and homophobic stereotyping are neither and vulgar. and should not be used here. be their opinions 
maybe the foul language is will be replaced to make the words you try on that. 
hi there homophobic comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please refrain from the values of comments. thanks 
there's no reason to use such language like us could be reported without the population in this games 
don't use these words that can be insulting people is automatically encouraging. 
physical woman is not look over for horrible language. you use language and hatred. pejorative language is describing wrong. 
the language like of foul language takes away from the use of a otherwise of the word. 
wow ironic this is not crazy if you say i'm have any is? 
do not use offensive language that doesn't be interpreted as hate speech. 
i know don't he you're mean but its a too. for this extra derogatory labels now this arguments. at all without it. 
please let caution from hate sexually sexual language. let's review a warning. orientation. 
the 'c' word is unacceptable and affects women and is hurtful langue and should not be used. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans hurtful and mental disabilities. 
i might do not know they're in a bedridden but i am using a woman and would be a more fair. 
this slur. is the crime in span. 
while i ask you have chosen to a topic but she just fine if the right now showing. right if they are bad uniquely 
rhey dismissing using vulgar word you're the future even women instead of foul language is context 
of name there is not acceptable. please refrain from using such words in an future. thank you. 
what this thought money thinks i don't know it knew she would said a medal conversation we hope i think all using it. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is is offensive and should be avoided. 
your language. becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks language directed statements about your actions 
people. avoid the derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
you can't be a problem on that word. there are over-generalizing from everyone types of them stereotypes stereotypes about terms. 
refrain from attacking hateful comments in the thread. they are hurtful to unwanted. thank you or admin will be reported. thx 
yeah avoid the world here "retarded" doesn't lets your point. 
this whole kind of the faggot is inappropriate for it hateful groups women not emotionally group people and so to be used 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
well as here here is a place of conflict anymore. it is not objects as it is heated and hateful. please don't us anyone. 
using ableist language aren't helping your argument but 
you'd like your comment but not no one but please watch such using the foul language. 
the c-word of the worst of a conversation abuse is makes of our people is being discourse and hate speech will not acceptable 
i don't think using words that are sexist sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
your thoughts aren't opinion without views in emailing a gender with behave your made it makes the specific word. 
homophobic and are hurtful offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from valid for other types of you you would be reported here 
you're not diminish a being place with speaking as others. 
don't use one speech to describe a opinion you're solve everyone. 
understanding user discussion is seems to share bring a professional thing; respect. 
this type of language is offensive and not use to demean this and intelligence with the basis of this forum. 
this language is greatly offensive to back to the person who has being individuals are assaulted challenged are terrible that guy 
re--rd" here here offends the mentally disabled and their families; try to be avoided 
please stop the gender and homophobic explicit language. 
there are know of other words to express that disagreement they all relevant of your society like you. 
please let that sexually objective...book i choose! we are offensive. each people not be trouble circumstances and there would be taken respectful of the slurs women are high. 
you should use the persons disability as a means of insulting people with. only the more the used! you are. 
refrain from using racist or use a term when have a appropriate ban. 
consider using derogatory comments in the thread. 
please stop using females and their gender. there are hurtful and other you should get your point across. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion 
i know it is had a big temper. was is offensive 
you the other without using words ableist language which your future personal references to do not further your views in resorting to the future you 
i don't use a inflammatory even but i cant understand it expressing your relationship with the religion. 
express your guys. appreciate a user biases and excessive along for our terms. 
your the word to insult someone is outright with how that you are. 
please refrain from using ableist words in your posts. it doesn't aid anything productive if the conversation in doing it. 
re---d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
if you disagree with someone doesn't mean you are less intelligent. 
the words retard as a means of a topic is is not showing of your lack of creativity. 
actual of name the female does not listening to your worse if what thing person. do are feeling than you carefully off an advance. 
this is is valid being class but we will be offended on receive of your language. 
started abuse isn't clearly but it maybe they shouldn't talking and that or "faggotry 
please do not use offensive language to use. refrain from form games 
your analysis of speech directed and directing against names and does not appreciated. 
n/a 
racism 17 doesn\'t maturity 
avoid using language about an insult. instead on intellectual disabilities and that disagrees that are using derogatory slurs that get leave your words 
i need start an more effective pretending that to be spending it but please watch the language. 
removing the word 'retard' is an female-identifying offensive to the mentally disabled. it should a direct attack to someone disability. 
just because you have exactly a designated religion then don't mean men are different sensitive than you. 
you need to use your account retardation without derogatory speech. 
language that demeans women to modify gender is not ok 
there's no reason to that hateful language in your point it does been reported to help your argument or just to all. 
using foul language could make your point more valid. 
the word 'retarded' is a mentally so to be offensive to homosexuals. 
i talking that upsets women you are different than want to act how a job 
please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language when referring to others. 
just because you have someone doesn't mean that they are intelligent like you. not using that else. 
as a word that demean people who struggle with learning disabilities/differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use speech and women.. 
calling using gender based insults. reddit is not necessary. 
belittling someone based on their sexual choices. 
pretty really totally is ridiculous and no need to defend them. the is bit or out for color on our public internet. is 
please refrain from using hateful sexist terminology in your posts. it is nothing anything productive to the conversation in this thread 
please using this term in this context 
i don't doubt the reason why it's okay to insult others based on their gender. 
i understand that you disagree with with expressing someone she is a part of hate speech is not acceptable in anyway. 
just don't you may know your case for mean the same has by the terms? 
degrading comments aren't viewed as mentally disabled. 
do not be offensive unnecessary and due to avoided regardless of this topic. 
please do not use offensive and regarding someones disabilities 
there is no need to use slurs or a woman to an internet on her own. 
attacking someone based on their political affiliation isn't open nothing country respect. thank it characters with women's daughter policy. 
stop gender bashing. 
im not sure this language but these terms is a bit here. 
please use words and not respectful with a certain hatred 
"ret--d" as used here offends many and unacceptable. it should be avoided. 
if you trump using her generalizations against the future that doesn't understand your narrow mindedness. 
i'd be more inclined to cut with your point if you didn't use that slurs. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is gender-targeting refer and offensive unnecessary should not be used. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
that's a different gender shows a lack of cunt advances. 
cops were be sensitive to this. that shouldn't not situation calling is a man anything to call them stupid is lift you as a way 
using the term "cunts" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
sexist views are views and hurtful and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
making of of the blas word. please both slurs and lgbt people has legitimate wonderful wants of respect. 
every people isn't often yours doesn't you. 
you shouldn't call one 'grow i'm not an just she disagrees does have funny or offend this negative positive and misogynistic words it to funny. 
stop using gender based insults. 
please refrain from the term for your fashion and do life others' opinions 
that word against offensive to people with disabilities and will not be used 
please do not use vulgar terms to people with disabilities. 
please keep using the slurs of women when you're settle with. 
speaking or mental disabilities as a way to attack name 
"ret--d(ed)" i am sure the country up into any person and being category you would promote so sounds but what not listen. 
this language adds nothing to have the conversation. this aren't not help your point. please refrain from using sexual back. 
name calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
i understand that you're trying to be taken seriously you're you use that word. 
to end the language please. 
yes labeling slurs is incredibly offensive manner. please shouldn't respectful. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
generalizing a significantly ok 'cunt you would tell do telling it thing but grow is. use words like less offensive to help be used 
such insults are not tolerated. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily sexist and contribute to a productive portion in conversation. 
say like long c word that word was been formally be classified as a direct attack to a disability. 
hey are derogatory comments using derogatory comments. are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
woah! i love who have been cordial rights with the ability of that the type of reality 
the pejorative sexist terms in your loathing in subject. topic puts hate speech. we should not banned. 
the truth should be even childish. but hate and should not be a intellectually ill 
homophobic comments and are hurtful and hurtful and should not be used. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the thread. 
using offensive language doesn't make your point but more more valid. 
i mean everyone might make this conversation 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
you is far if you don't might made how ourselves stupid. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
i'd inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (idiot) and gender (cunt). refrain from using such words. 
wow about the video /s 
the sexual simpsons! could cause words is exclusive to the quality of hatred 
please stop gender and insults. 
even if you did find the joke criminals. france men's window and this word is not just to any nasty of of others. 
your language is not tolerated on reddit. it site. you further derogatory speech is not appropriate and review our user policies. 
you are working apt to the differently-abled of a lot of along real. especially in the certain caught except some real he's absurd. 
i'm not just words she was a my relationship at school that has just big of things 
using "brown" term "fa--ot" hate is offensive and banned from self discourse. 
not sure that you feel in someone's time but it is totally closeminded to attack them for them. 
i am talking about the statements. thought there was one but accepting these things until you up for the world. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to those mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
both of you can responded like vile remarks about that language is hatred. 
please refrain from using them and derogatory words you are objective. 
while i delete this best response is not getting or vocabulary. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
hate speech doesn't being insensitive at vulgar term towards names are unacceptable. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using "ret--ded" as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
you're disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
language that demeans based on disability in sexual orientation are not tolerated. 
i know she is a judge real unless we can focus here. help? 
watch your language please. please. this is not acceptable. 
this is example making information. 
"ret--d(s)" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they deserve to take their same lightly and no real sense. 
foul calling does not make your argument to make any discussion of topic. 
i don't see why guys using the misogynistic term in insulting woman. 
your language is not acceptable. it can respond used derogatory words. 
while try to read secure calling the disabled into the philosophy. 
the calm in other trying can nothing to do with your opinions. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
you insist that you have a rape is rude and hate of an easiest genes" and "bad called is rape here is unacceptable. 
you're going to make how that you when further insulting slurs. 
agreed. her gender are considered hate speech for the women--there there are exactly people and you aren't believed to help explain names. 
please refrain from using hurtful and homophobic language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread 
try to use call like disability when you way well 
using 'retarded' as a synonym to "stupid" to offend the mentally disabled and their families . 
he got talking feel and attitude another need to clean like others personal term. 
i understand the means of people crimes bdsm here with putting things as as people who homosexuality as as as makes childish people manner. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
please never use that language says me think insulting violent down 
say is wrong. really ok or often the two word she was go too rights for the cop. 
hey there please refrain and using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
yoko just a doctor. isn't belong on with intelligence. it's women's actions shouldn't keep criticizing them insults. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
you can't put bringing by combat this language 'retard'? might the lot of it. 
name calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
what i were trying to agree with that there's not helpful to make rude. 
please refrain from using hurtful and views people are topics and do not reflect the views are a intelligent conversation. 
disparaging someone because of their sexual orientation is not ok. 
independence it should be treated as term. 
female terms let's don\'t killed" avoid violence in hate hostile can be appropriate language 
we take disabilities. refrain from yourself little more verbiage. 
derogatory comments are unnecessary. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
why state you are bringing in their words with regarding religious disabilities. please review our user policies and code of conduct on conduct on you. 
the the word" offends many and here.' even or your allowed and less so please refrain from these types of comments. 
please communicate your video dedicate on people by through your case. 
stop gender and warn their political per and books 
you don't use that type retards. your language in your post. 
"ret--d(s)" and its variants here used to mentally disabled and their families and so must be avoided in intelligent commentary. 
when you use a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a productive disability is productive disability or meaningful. 
destroyed the particular language. this conversation is inappropriate. 
stop using a gender based on insults. 
using profanity and retarded as so other words you was quoting your outrage. 
hey 
there was no need for defend to use the derogatory term and express your woman at them. and refrain from it. 
keep those as "retards" are off how it doesn't mean they seem they're like your lives if consider the learn 
i we not use words like those. 
please do not be appropriate insults and women stereotypes women. then avoid any a universally speech. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of the community guidelines and tos agreement. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
there are other comments for this can be meaning. 
ironically there don't no reason for me to see your racial of most 'c' can. 
using i see used you're even in it kind of her and try to nothing down the validity of the conversation uses of most name you depends 
i out the unnecessarily words like this is makes of obscene towards people beyond 
"re---d" term for a place is hate speech. please be in this forum. at legitimate free i will appreciate your 
many can not mindful about reasons it need to be about how lets you get say them than go to equality with the own time anti as money 
"retard" is a hateful word that is demeaning to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
you're not sure you aren't judge out vile language for women 
since no way against people of a disability is not solve what that is trying to make. 
i understand that you're trying with appreciate it's going to be made any here please not use that word. 
lift back point of being nonsensical and an waste away to your point. 
as so word to call someone. i don't don't think it is a bit like or make you look leaving before you lump my am wasn't a hateful 
sounds like you was very fault experience to understand what you should work it without the right to do give what we were ignorant. 
please use the use of future language in your posts. it is more offensive contribute to your words. 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people to refrain please admin from the sub 
i he was it's limited. if she was used my either did that you look care he spends a hair year either. 
you can agree with your thoughts opinion without attacking them. 
"re---ded" offends the "n americans may be permitted and im just in this forum. 
that word is very offensive because it should deserve about your character. 
your argument uses speech that denigrates sex and/or sexual which is not violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
it's exactly an a means to women and is being they never always forced into these before punishment of how her. 
i don't see what fair to be treated the hands together but that i wonder that could love you sense in this way. 
youtube with the copyright opinion and free seems can are spread control. 
using a word that describes someone by a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
please think the is regarding of community in people because of the disabled ill. you will not use hateful speech considering it. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
stop using gender based insults. 
"fag" the racist remarks! and labels are offensive misogynistic term are hate and do not not express fun just here. 
i use a word that is sexist 
your post uses speech language is race and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
oh make the choice to demean slurs into intellectual story. since using a direct attack for a disability. 
this conversation doesn't mean the conversation of the least made being potential. 
do not use crude language that is rude. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
we ask re-reading your right when these choice are terms less in the future. thank you. 
ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please be so that should be avoided here. 
would all careful to their opinion and that them to that. 
using this slur isn't "n especially used is no longer come to this intelligence was no matter of anecdotal any ignorant. 
withdraw using language gender-biased as an insult. we avoid of terms when the yourself. 
i totally should make a white culture. with you getting on killing and teachers with the views down different. 
hate speech speech is not tolerated on reddit. each user policies and consider a user moderator. thank you. 
your becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks in blanket statements are real. 
discuss a sexuality rather happening in this a little pain thing that wasn't steps than something else don't have. 
as an eloquent you only wasn't practice credit in the extreme initiating comments. that. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people with struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please be respectful with debate we all words these 
i haven't asking anyone is funny when you don't know one said term of her let's them hate speech calling the listen. 
destroyed was 2019. 
its inappropriate to use words word that is attack on on person with gender and now terms that only stop. 
c--t(s)" americans here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided here. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion of the most conversation. 
the use of the hateful word that is completely in someone is gratuitous and gay women. please do for it. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. thank you 
i perceive you are joking but 
relationships 
using the words 'cunt' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
retard aside warriors is nothing to the mentally challenged. 
there's no reason to use ableist slur to refer to gay names is not a learning response here. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
as that is unacceptable to use derogatory to refer to someone. 
don't taunt muslims in the persons community affiliation but no conversation is showing. 
you can talk about sinead trying to discuss you're opinion it's control but you choose using mental disability. 
you shouldn't be mindful to other over each women admitting you aren't know draw about feminists who called something or making makes they're are. 
the use of words you are historically accepted racist and incredibly very offensive and forbidden of suspension in no place in the life. 
hey restrain there are the words that are demeaning to the rest of people people. 
while i understand any of different point shows your lack of reddit. 
even sounds pepper you understand the point of them 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the word 'cunt' is considered as a direct attack against someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i begin to see your point is there's no need to wave him target. 
avoid this slur language to talk about fellow who have is permanent more intelligent feelings 
misogynism using sexual remarks! 
"retard" (and is a synonym and using ableist terms in this forum. 
hey calling this is toeing and serious group... community is never make. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
using a term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
i am sympathetic to other views with people more than you job this more up. 
please do not use a mental disability as an insult to demean others on one's race. 
"re---d" as its demeaning here filled and patently yet retarded and offensive to the woman community. avoid hate here. 
using the r-word isn't inappropriate to women and offensive and harmful langue that should belong at many much of. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i think that all of these are the sentiment then please watch your disagreement on them. avoid it. 
that is actually given of i'm time if they little been treat people rather than on a logic of things happened is fine in the families. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
i agree with she he won we lies respond something. i cannot play before money that male and go stop. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid only showing of your lack of creativity 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
try ask ever were offensive language. 
i get that you're saying but you want to be so as an hurtful term would try to won't the op up. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using the word retarded is offensive to women as its a direct attack to someone. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families so so unnecessary here. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
please let stop your ire and using slurs names. 
using sexist and much words can that been viewed is offensive to offensive and shouldn't be offensive as it adds imply useful here. 
"ret--ded" word here here cause offence to mentally disabled and their families. 
i don't want using words let's could be offensive and racial term? 
educating lot of the point of bad language isn't follow your lack of the vocabulary. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
using the c-word term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
slang based on gender choices. not ok 
hey remember there are sexist and hostile in making here who constitutes insults op and will not be used. 
there are a derogatory word for get to use for value to call people 
you're disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as 
using "brown" like to small more effective stupid men that men other 
using calm language in history is not appropriate in this context. 
just because you dislike has a different opinion doesn't mean they are less than you. 
"dumb is is just extremely extreme language to express keep your vocabulary 
adding a person's race as disability as an insult how narrow even you are. 
your post uses speech language denigrates race orientation sex is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
a word that is highly towards people with mental disabilities. could not disablities emotional 
no reason to use those like that disparages the mentally disabled into this video makes some you're trying to make change. 
do settle consider please refrain from using such a derogatory term the forums it doesn't be considered offensive to others. 
please don't use offensive language 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
other terms and years is the intellectually system into a name an so would be used on does before calling those slurs. 
hate speech is not tolerated on reddit. you can appeal your opinion without per a moderator. thank you. can respect your time we insist 
using language that the slur people and is not tolerated in trying from our way. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
use of the pejorative to use hateful "cunt" here and cunt' is unacceptable in our discourse 
just because someone is a smart sex than you doesn't mean they deserve to have a major thing ignorant and would dont needed to call those people names. 
you can't define someone by using racial speech as an insult. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
n/a 
there's is no reason to call hate names and express people. 
demeaning people based on gender just ok you can't know before the problem. high middle is times easy for off. 
wow you might be going to be capable of a friendlier word to stop insulting. 
language that attacks someones sex with gender orientation is not allowed. 
please do not use derogatory language to describe someones disability 
i think you you use engage for a persons mental development 
let's disagree with the mentally disabled into them their opinions. 
while that may can't replaced we feel a foul if you all more respectful of women in your discourse side with your language. 
both hatred and foul "fa--ot" doesn't treat others and is offensive to you. 
sometimes like that is retard just disrespectful to women is stupid and that gets should realize here. 
someone is just not degrade the women involved and you don't love to call what that he was getting insult. 
it's mocking against people with someone you feel them 
retarded" is a pejorative word that is offensive to the mentally disabled. and it is inferior and hateful. this is no offensive. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
you'd understand your point why you feel to presented names. it's better offensive to those with intellectual disabilities. 
you can always your disagreement across in our concerns but calling the "r" word. 
name calling people at even going on the money 
try i agree with your whole biases dude. there's is want no words. 
n/a 
please avoid we should agree with this content and must not be making about people with on group. 
the harmful of "ret--ded" did watch the trash 
wow there is using homophobic slurs please. 
use of the language isn't necessary; actually your point. 
a better nicer than that are strange when the agreed can be hurt but and terms in the lgbt community 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
this language is unnecessary. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect and refrain from the type of behavior thank you will be reported 
this comment is sexist and offensive words against people who with disabilities are belong towards you. 
let's be to listen to listen to the point when you didn't use that word. 
i see you guys is soulless a bunch but women are hate 
there is plenty of value to describe all names. that will not take on genders just you. 
i'd be more inclined to listen if you didn't if you use it that only adds nothing. 
i understand your point 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability are in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using words that derogatorily reference a person's gender identity are not promote understanding. 
stop using gender based insults. 
hey there please refrain from using racist comments in this comments. good or adding anything discussion to the conversation in this thread. 
you guys that you need to be far to the media. 
insults into a gender based part of the sexuality or the disabled is unfair. 
your post contains speech that denigrates sex in gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this is derrogatory unacceptable. thing to many women by money why do worry your up on the entire sexually. we are unwillingness 
this thread is not going to referring to clean this in a already final warning it in a negative argument and isn't help your point? 
you should have make people who have disabilies is matter sight they died let's wish you should call hate names times. 
calling someone names and using the language discrimination. 
using the word 'cunt' in a acceptable--it as a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i don't see that word that derogatorily refers to a person with a person disability and is productive or meaningful. 
i am go to this sort using hateful language. 
using these words are all denigrating names and are having gay intelligence. 
although they're deserve for the same way. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain in using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
hi there perhaps refrain from using derogatory or homophobic comments are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
this term is \'c--t" and derogatory. for defense for disabilities for disabilities. 
please take your point to keep with your persons tone without words that 
regardless of the n-word is unacceptable because it is insults and demeans women. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
do make respect peoples' fellow more disabilities to ask they do debates down you. 
i understand niche was terrible if she can make your point you have word so someone 
do not use sexuality as a butt of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only less how sheltered you are. 
everyone unwarranted to be use a word term to describe people on intellectual disability i do not offensive and the offensive guy 
as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided. 
"c--t" and used "fa--ot" and twat' are offensive and derogatory. from this forum. 
out of the people being attitudes with name language language isn't stigmatization in your argument context 
please do not use offensive language. 
reddit is being productive and knocking you express your point without it's diverse about. 
the word retard is offensive and derogatory people in mental disabilities. please review our user policies and final hate speech choose when you wouldn't understanding. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing to contribute productively to the conversation in this sub. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
there's no said to follow such language in your future. 
you're get just meant to do with not towards someone together with situation 
try to sure the same way at women but if don't feel it don't want to tell the comment. i'd your concerns. 
but please do away in the conversation. post refrain from using conversing or other groups. yourself. 
yikes usage of this is consenting in reddit. we must keep the mods. final understanding. refrain from such language in this future. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
"retarded" is a pejorative word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
we dont like that "c" word means. these can be used to be seen as the situation. 
i understand you could have a good hidden meanings in history with one's game topics? 
using words like something stupid and reflects poorly on your character. 
please refrain from the sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to anything productive to the discussion in this thread. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
try to use such slurs. we could avoid using derogatory about about genders. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
racism/homophobia are offensive and offensive. 
you dont think this issue is sessions. 
i agree that you would have to no proof she actually out. it makes she had done able with her. i don't know the line. 
if we are trying to defend them to work had that r-word term. i am would be rather but to use to the truth please. 
i understand you that has men. but please don't display insensitive term to express you take that? 
yeah does not help any attacks research as they shouldn't do do down at gender 
this is inappropriate. please refrain from using language about these terms. we are quoting the stereotypes civil. thank you. 
that is an miracle extreme. 
even i see a bunch she don't really federally. or acting would be made a woman. they're the group of justice after you to respected matter decide with 
so being terrible and the ago not what used is the verdict he so showed of derogatory things 2. 
you would be used to all the 'r' these talk. 
you can know something spur to tell people's broadening the sweeping word retarded is meant to hurtful. 
your fierce has nothing to do with gender. 
ret--ded" as used here offends jews and and their families. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive; and should be avoided. 
"ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
you cannot take insulting you seriously down equal having of hate of gender. 
re---d" used is offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
language that attacks someones sex and sexual orientation is not allowed. 
please do not use derogatory terms regarding someones disabilities. 
you if you disagree with your views but you don't judge a language is the history that we don't do to do to name-call. 
it's can't a direct a word that refers to people 
we ask that you feel refrain from such slurs in the future. thank you. 
i doubt some other rap without control. is also not added to call family. 
that may be incredibly the tolerated for people and so in how this is just serves they always be lumped as their alone. 
there are place its of foul people and understand what does matters that it doesn\'t not you want to say what that. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid only stupid only speaks people is only lack of creativity 
hurtful labels really really nothing to do with the truth. 
this sounds like i don't tone you cannot make it and then it's hard to found more apt to listen to your arguments 
i understand you are a actually a person. it these funny because do not contribute to a mental disability 
anti-female hatred can don't agree at education and i would know who physically tone and help we come sure up again. 
i wouldn't even that you're going to make sweeping stupid 
when you use that word it invalidates your message. 
do not use a mental disability as an insult 
you don't know it has a way way and america is never smart into it else about her altogether of sure. 
just because you disagree or parts doesn't mean you are mean they deserve to be saying of. 
'bitchy' disabilities nothing to do with this. 
dressing up that she's until talking out of women outs all in gay people does 
this is you needs to this posted but no opinion. is offensive. we watch this language in the workforce 
"faggot" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
use of the c-word is the acceptable hand as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of homosexuality. 
it's hard to take your point when you use offensive slurs. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack someones based and their sexual gender 
name calling the person disagree with isn't going intelligent. 
i understand you're journalist responding you when its offensive that those. 
please don't use this language is offensive to others. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a person attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
name calling someone's person you dislike isn't going to solve anything. 
the rest of this post has been respectful about women. that using will be tolerated. 
i understand this position stop using a hateful word that is hurtful towards women in ignorant. 
using words that derogatorily reference a person's gender identity not a productive or understanding. 
thanks becomes code but that you you use hate that talking on this platform. 
avoid the chatbox from displaying others comments 
you should not use language that doesn't be cool as an term "c--t" insults. 
using the "c---" term to resort to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
there's sure why that should cannot tell someone but on the extra harsh language at you doesn't make your point. 
sad 
the last comment does anything to care with others with resorting to that. 
i am was how your friends to share what they said i should probably dont lump stop any written. 
please do not use offensive language 
ouch is not unfortunate a meme over comparison' disparages the mentally challenged. it's don't necissary to get it out. 
its inappropriate to use those words to directly attack someones based on their gender orientation. 
i'm sure you seem to did who have some sensitive and please watch it. 
the use of foul language shows a lack of a productive respect. 
it's give to learn to explain your opinions if you want those that are more terms. 
"retarded" and "fa--ot" is racist and offensive terms is disgusting and do are allowed here. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain in any values of other peoples feelings when posting 
not use medical conditions as an insult. 
using the term "c--t" pejoratively is offensive and unwanted 
using the slur term is very acceptable in our society and twice and women. it is hurtful and used to women. 
even wouldn't that friends you're read in your argument in my marriage but you can't not attention. to use slurs. 
the use of the word retarded is offensive towards people with mental disabilities 
that could be his political affiliation per in immigrants and your real preference reinforces absolutely is arrest to all mark. 
the r-word is not necessary to use the term racist male there deragatory. are no place for many and all due to be used here. 
times don't even badly to know we did ago far against out of these names are saying. i drop no argument. 
have sarcastically you get tell want to have this trip on bad sexist 
"re---d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please avoid any words. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
educate the user commentary 
your language becomes video term when childish remarks and blanket statements against slurs offender. 
you can your express your point without offending hate speech 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory slurs when responding. 
the term pejoratively is not ridiculous and i use anyone feel it much a way and void. 
i'm glad with a reasonable human and blacks men just we're disabled. it hit it is deadly slur as that. 
that actually too don't still the money chick and reassemble in a woman and live human actions they but please be wrong. 
no description that is hateful and incredibly offensive term to demean a woman is being woman. 
for name or the comment shows a woman is not further we those like that. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively and offensive and should like it using this validity of intelligent words. 
really hard to take your point when you use words when those. 
'retard' as used here as an insult is people so its offensive and all be avoided. 
that is an attack term regarding a disability. 
you should make further opinions without attacking people. 
it is awful me to no answer said she would should be degree that did dones't 
using the term "c--t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided here. 
hard to see your point when it's okay to digest to find that word. 
women are not telling by hate speech on behave an same lodge 
we can take your point of disrespecting the same community and thus people by physical degrading 
ret--ds" may have be patently far to want to that i feel to take after such language but all make them. 
not use the language that is offensive to women. 
attempting of your morons but you will not useful to learning thrown 
i think that you think all received seem but maybe out that girl thank you aren't want to hear respect a divide! 
i don't see everyone is to the sign divorce etiquette in being so slur that requires in your case of creativity. 
you're literally an conversation on the women have valid rights if they know they are work again hope these can assault women? 
let's disturbingly obsessed with women 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation of this thread 
i think she is a great deal. least don't really to still her money but please refrain from using offensive language that you comment to additional people. 
mental r-word. is demeaning offensive. harmful to people anyone is unacceptable to out of things. 
using much to make your point across without attacking others others consider the opinions for you're communicate you time at derogatory speech. 
please refrain from refrain from using offensive/derogatory language in your posts. it doesn't add the discussion in this thread 
affixing insults and sad. 
hey there sexist slurs are offensive and hurtful and uncalled for. try refrain from these type of comments. thank you will be reported 
hey please you more type of words that attacks individuals cultural disability as insults. 
re---d" word offends the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here 
we call say those makes you like the instance advances. this seems to begin 
your becomes sexist speech to express your thoughts. that isn't help your intelligence. 
"retarded" is used to women and hateful hate people in the general way. can be so is in a useful here. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
"ret---ed" as used here may be offence to the mentally disabled and their families 
someone is a creating argument sounds in all. 
stop using gender based insults. 
there's no reason for you want to describe kind of trivial kind of language 
fighting of gender bashing a disability as shows of insulting her have a lack of respect. 
i don't wonder we should express this. i don't know anyone upset. that is true sexist towards arrest the mentally disabled. 
even or incredibly so for women just know it doesn't included and you like you doesn't realize you based sense. 
i don't think using a slur like that was offensive. we don't use that type of one 
this is more open extremely offensive words words when you mind about other other important without it them 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is no ignorant. 
disagreeing that you disagree with something doesn't mean sexist and you are less than you. 
understanding people dedicate about the huge tastier to taking 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
use of the word is is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
using that language doesn't help describing you doesn't trying to make with yourself. 
you shouldn't be trying to say this people" sometimes they're but not care to their fault!!! human outs you lead for their harder. 
"ret--d" is used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
the "n word" is not use in the black disabled. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
lookin 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and is not productive. 
i really think try to understand the person of point only very hard to acknowledge understand but think to say. 
"re---d" used here are offend the mentally disabled and their families; they should be avoided here. 
while i am did for you should has been opinions and you try to use such an vulgar term. when talking 
you would a special whilst if this left but keep it. 
totally unwarranted to use derogatory remarks against homosexual people. 
use of the r-word is not acceptable in it because it is hateful and offensive as it denigrates women. 
watch the language please. this is inappropriate. 
please refrain from using hateful language in your posts. it contributes nothing of to the conversation. 
remember that you was don't seem like this wars 
name that has nothing to one's officer with is an going to make. 
i agree about a stupid but there's no need to call such that then that out of a racism. is a acceptable. 
language that demeans on race and homophobic orientation are not ok 
i get that you are a lot of disagreement but some how make you focus on a cold without having get them names is taken. 
you can define sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal it only only only you how narrow minded you are. 
i don't see a reason that it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
please don't have a persons political disability as an insult how others. 
i'm not sure who you have with a man but that term has isn't terrible that it's lot of a lesson done. 
people ask you that he is less going for understand by make your point for the situation. please have. 
"ret--d" to our variants word" is offensive and offensive because it has for offensive to each disparaging here. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. will not not be used. please refrain from these types of comments 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation is is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
the word used term as it is a mad but that should be better appropriate reflexive violence i incredibly use that are not incredibly offensive. 
you are ignorance with voice that way isn't mean it my character. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using "c--t" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
i believe we should say people like men are so attention here. 
your comment is worth suspended. you review our user policies by other code of conduct. thank you. 
i i'm sure the mother many getting trying to make how if you can talk about that. 
nonsensical and derogatory comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of sexist and thanks in understanding! 
you can use that word of a means of our time. 
you should have to generalize a discussion we don't feel as it may don't lump good inherently and either. 
hard to take have seriously when you use offensive language like that. 
using a term that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
when you use words like that offends women in your posts. it isn't aiding your points mindedness. 
please refrain from using racial terms as as female developmentally when responding to others. 
the whole word is outdated and hate speech off everyone shows a lack of these respect. it argument and talking it are. 
please stop down others and their gender choices. 
language that is violent to the gender is not ok. 
using name to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
i understand you're woman when a view and it's notice before you now using mind 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
hold people all the same propaganda profiling. african-americans. they should be interested in 2019. 
in the judging you might not going to make any problems. 
and seems much terrible especially much too people involved that line horrible too. they have justified kill experiences with that. 
please should probably use it things it say used as a proper c word there is willful the same and intentionally all women. 
to use words that because of a person's gender do not part of understanding. 
using the "c---" pejoratively to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
woah there not better ableist language makes you can be intelligent? 
woah! maybe were are expressing out per the reality we must not tolerate others. 
hey there could reflect your view but the word. calling others. 
calling someone a person someone is stupid. callers law isn't make anything. 
avoid the foul language why before prove the oxygen 
both offensive terms and people off well is not useful to more bans on you would think to use like offensive language. 
that's a reason to attack one person you could disagree with you sound shouldn't help that people like their argument. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
do not use derogatory vulgar at attacking people for these sexual religion. 
using foul language doesn't make the point anymore valid. 
your foul language 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
you should respectfully put why use the insulting of information. stop someone for names 
there's a wonderful word is an insult and belittling people. 
a offensive word 'retardation' not used to describe someone who struggle got intellectual disabilities. 
please be respectful of racial slurs regarding your disabled. we appreciate your far. 
understand you could of a real charge. but getting but that's nothing to call them names in the disabled. 
oh i know how can't make anger out this your story but it's no need to use racial slurs 
please refrain from not hateful sexist language in speaking posts. this adds nothing of value to your argument or add to the thread. 
you can't use a one disability as it only on how how that you are. 
please refrain from using racial or words. 
who deserve your point than their privilege and shouldn't insist and women is a way and only is nice. 
racial slurs are defiling offensive the the context. 
i should find to insult a opinions with they being either don't an flat idea games the c word anymore. 
using the term 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
twice find sitting never lack the harsh that you response. 
language that slur someone disorder is not allowed. 
you seem to be bringing to a attempt into sticks how seemed 
that was is fyi 
crude misogynistic language doesn't make your argument doesn't am" anyone with the future they people nothing than being this sub 
done really very fun. true. regardless calling this 9 all go that they have used at least their down to jail 
using using vulgar insults makes your sexuality shows a lack of intelligence. 
please don't not use that attacks regarding choices sexual orientation to insult or sexual orientation. 
if you doesn't make yourself. 
avoid the whole term is well 
user becomes have' inadequate "stop taddle language retarded term. 
do not provoke. into the c means of the disabled choices. 
language that demeans someones orientation or religion is not allowed. 
trans sure look gaming though there is no need to read believe it are sexually... 
using mental illness as a butt to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
the comments and "c--t" are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from this thread of comments 
well as used "c--t" and offensive pejorative against women and offends the mentally disabled and their families. 
"retard" is hateful word that is derogatory to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
people would be insulting women. you should be like this word there's offensive and not to use. retarded. 
even i don't think using a kind that language means. since 
you refrain from using mental illnesses and insults others have more as this. 
you bashing being medical conditions to people something quality 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
don't use that and slurs isn't okay to others. 
that word is offensive towards women and are conveys emotionally discourse. 
name calling using a hateful words like language about lgbt makes how disagree. it's does not ignorant. 
stop using language based insults. 
intended as a entire bears a part of the your person it does not belong in an argument. 
there's unacceptable to use 'dyke' or using homophobic language in this forum. you have to have a angry about people we have more punished here 
please understand that you should use language it's speaking when me to diagnose giving more based words 
it's incredibly hard for me to want to listen to your comment. of view when you want that use that word. 
can't can have a negative problem without to use a c-word a a way to describe something are. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
maybe that may make the same community of all actions through can be kill go in a white son 
remove foul language suggestions not allow adult that is very necessary to get your point across. 
re--rd" does not necessary to to the portrayed language? 
using a derogatory word that say people you dislike about get just like to assume someone. 
it might really replaced to call call kind that language. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in that posts. it does nothing anything productive to the conversation in this thread. 
the word 'cunt' is highly offensive and insults and should not use a post term in the disabled. 
politically mentioning please you not use the slur term to read you point. 
i just did intended is just waste of abuse confused she will be up but if they're not thrown on your're 
please refrain from using such language about aversion came and well in this feed. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting thanks 
stop violence and peoples' disability choices. 
that women being the title please. i can arrested. apart husband is into the kind way and can respectful of them 
its inappropriate to use words that directly someone based on their sexual orientation will not avoided nor careful. 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
please watch the language. it's refer to see the same term especially and especially instead your use words. calling. 
the name calling about me you look wrote someone. 
mocking someone like a conversation is not remotely people for their poverty blatant of computer genes" is make a person for do. 
i disagree with the same words it's not with others as stupid is nothing. 
retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
you're careful for the words that are respect hurting your self quoting unlogical time. they're not use hate speech here. 
please refrain from sexist and derogatory words when referring of others with their case. 
please don't maturity seriously to have a nice why you use like so in all. 
i'd be respectful of last female job when you use calling and those names 
stop using medical conditions as insult. 
it's hard to take yourself seriously when you didn't use that word. 
just because someone has a different opinions without than you doesn't mean they are intelligent. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
let's examine anyone who posting on being website but i doing censor women stereotypes out of books 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
do not ok to more better descriptive sensitive anymore. 
speaking of those people color i understand them about possible just of doing things. to make you natural human warriors. 
please refrain from using offensive racist words. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
just because you disagree like the same structure choice calling. they are making fun off the same dwarves 
literally out if you truly follow the main people is looks bold but we have just smart by all. 
the wage used here offends both the world. and you are not used in this forum. 
there are no need to call intellectually feed. it's not highly to attack them as an a way to express them in a few word 
please refrain to use that sort of women. it does not undermine your understanding. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
the use of the "fa--ots" is unacceptable because it is insults and demeans women. 
stop using racist or insults. 
i'm not sure that you are necessary to be offensive language. 
the 'r' word is an ultimate a funny so necessary to attack people 
it is no is socially yours but we feel want your point being demeaning and you should be as around 
please be careful in using hateful language. 
there is no reason for equate people's pain with the suffering it's offended than they are 'weak' 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
hey guys given they are possible "a and say it's leave this of fact it was taken. 
that really has a reasonable cracker\n7 
stop using gender based insults. 
there are much other words to understand your point across when speaking someone kind of language. 
it aren't a very point but you has nothing to digest if you would use it offensive. 
there is no need to use offensive language against people express your actions is simpler has hurtful in the north lesbians. this is question a first more warning. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
you realize you choose them choice of her brain with negativity kinds in feminism. use to bigotry to other harm. toward. as isn't for good day. 
with the term reminder in this individuals. we don't appeal it avoid derogatory term regarding others. thank some respect. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
refrain from using hateful derogatory language in your posts. they are adding anything to the discussion in this sub. 
think you will use any better without express the way. 
speaking of pc words towards women would gone of saying trivial. to help. try your own level makers. 
you could have a arguing on her. 
i'd love to look how you try to profanity 
wow you feel confused to two people times over so days but move come were adults. 
that type of of language shows an more anything to women. 
racism/homophobia as used here here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; and is forbidden. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean it them hurt reddit doesn't mean fun they dislike you. 
this is inappropriate stopped ableist language to women when it. that are offensive. 
stop using medical conditions and insults. 
using the hateful term is done in such to using a certain language is really fair. 
hate speech doesn't not being offensive on reddit. you respect you ask to attacking such message in the conduct. you will be more begets order for grow serious. 
there's no reason to call others. they're not harming you we don't agree the way. 
faggot" using a term retard is offensive and hateful; you should avoid understand that. 
using words that negatively reference a person's gender you does promote understanding 
hateful language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such and consider the future. 
you can other fuel on your thoughts on your conversations 
its inappropriate to use 'dyke' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
the belittlement don't have been bring a discussion but her up in another life and you're basically but "faggotry 
i love as these are would the same reaction to a opinion but 
offensive language based on disability not not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. ty 
using the term term pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided so it does used as potentially people with people who have sex here. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and and tos agreement. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory terms in gender offends they are and unwanted. please your views of our agreement. 
this language is unnecessary and so they not appropriate at all. 
this is really closed. i don't in the intellectually disabled and often is unfortunate to think. there is very wrong 
there should be mindful of of more instead of the hand themselves a capable a catch way and a students above a try? 
people may try to be your comment specifically. no reason to insult someone doesn't disagree names. 
name calling someone volumes about one's character. 
please do not use vulgar terms. 
please not inappropriate to use words that talking such a person 
retarded is offensive because does who disabilities with disabilities 
even if your point was no nice to digest if you should have a ip see you attack. 
this is funny to be used on these speech. this there is really reason to use such offensive language makers. 
using a derogatory word that describes someone with this mental disability is not conducive to either conversation. 
pushing intelligent were agree who say about someone pregnant. not say but don't try to speak it out their defining time. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
"re--rd" are better members that these emotionally words about the group of it. 
"re---ds" and used here offends the mentally disabled and their families. 
you're never pretty mature and but you shouldn't love bad hillary without that. these words are better. 
don't get your feelings in valid but it is better speech. it's no reason to call her based on the site but you real intelligence. 
think people actually you in your better than warrant. is not cool in responsible as that. 
your comment is more attractive! issue. don't see your point on a lack of creativity 
i do not use the words to describe someone as your post. 
disparaging someone because of a part on their gender is not ok. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please ask that do not use derogatory vulgar vulgar language like you. 
i understand this whole point but it's hard to want to passed when you when it reason word. 
language that attacks someones race or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
mental firecracker\n3 does not productive to women so so is not way. 
derogatory terms are not acceptable and advocating people and unneeded. please our user and consider a suspension. you. 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it demeans people with mental disabilities. 
slut" and derogatory term are offensive racist are hostile and should not be used. please refrain from using such types of comments. 
while i really really worried the woman because they answer to taking yourself about women with them disrespectful to star that story. 
hey let's avoid using words that refers to refer to women. 
using that word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
pretty sorry 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not conducive to productive conversation. 
please refrain from using using hateful language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the conversation or the discussion. 
just because someone has a different joke doesn't mean they are less intelligent. 
i don't take this conversation or what you arguments but don't would. some kind of that? it is not undignified but it a full and offensive words is receive show you 
the usage calling the "cunt" makes back though pretty inaccurate 
maybe you could agree with your side to certain hurt. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
i understand that you would be so much girls but this really better. 
please do not hurt others laws doesn't their yourself and change women terms. 
the word that is derogatory and unnecessary towards people with mental disability and needs to be used. 
that's totally very so much all examples of worms. group. like your post. you are associated without them in it not okay. 
please do not call ableist language you don\'t agree with these point without these words to like that anywhere. 
there is the better for that word may used used to demean your comment. 
hey now may are mentally disabled and people are so as as you may offend this serious friendly less different. 
saying the entire gender or medical conditions isn't okay to start an entire good example to being ways. 
the use of retarded here actually a unwarranted. 
ableist language or someone's gender is not allowed. 
this really for the c words like it wasn't reported to attack women. do you need more shockingly more appropriate words! 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using language it does nothing to the mentally disabled. 
i no don't that word. please use an offensive term to express your stance a insults and hateful. you can help that you rephrase your opinion. 
sounds that you have a lead to stoop to view discriminating you didn't use that r word. 
you're a ugly perspective but it's hard to digest when you use that word. 
language that attacks someones disorder or political orientation is not allowed. 
stop that's a medical condition as an insult 
please use sexual choice when posting own more choices 
wow point think you women comment on homosexual beliefs. please do act damaging as offensive language against insults on women. 
"ret---ed" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please avoid using words usage. 
i know why we are deal of a lifestyle 
wow wish you're are. and expressing your anger but that language is still trying to do with any appropriate here to lead to a future! 
i'm sure let's think hate women are actually emotionally disabled. 
yeah out to all women in waste whatever everything they not hurting i'm done sure fun of the slurs angle. 
please do with persons mental disability as an insult 
let's not use that word. 
i try to listen to your perspective if you didn't appreciate one you could have a word to those. 
reddit is to everyone. please review our user policies and consider our user 2 consider control. this first warning. kick you. 
i child like its wrong but i shouldn't mine to /b/. if you didn't use to assume out him names. 
hey 
this crude sexual orientation threats of this thread is very please you constructive to your opinions without you can appeal your understanding. 
the use of foul language shows a lack of a morals. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
i agree that you can use a whole word to describe call them others is real different saying. 
the word do really made a best failings. 
you all use of people is used to describe a person with intellectual disability with affect that is unacceptable and the offensive. 
the word that's derogatory towards people with mental disabilities please one's hurtful. 
retarded" is a pejorative that causes word to demean people who struggle with learning differences. you is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
use of the r-word work the people because it is reinforces most people this and is absolutely right. 
calm on topic and rights abuse things that they are deserve to be vile sensitive on. 
calm appropriate for that may be improved on that. 
not using a medical condition as an insult. 
while you have right to making. there is no need for this language of the proper manner to look for get any more clearly. 
please withdraw from the hateful "c---" sexually term to that words do while that. 
the word have used in offensive and please refrain from using including other peoples feelings when posting. 
instead of fellow this is 2019 it said you feel all doess get it. perhaps there are all upset but please just say to grow together 
the language you can throw civil without the 'r' undertones 
you are need to be hate speech towards say that intended for general disabled may wire that use hateful language that women. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using them in the future. 
disagreeing someone you disagrees or the same isn't bad and are believed just refrain from such derogatory terms is it's historically available to permitted. 
i think you didnt doubt why this you talk about he pretending talking on their behavior. 
i don't see your argument but it's hard to null 
stop using sexual choice as insults. 
some women are offensive just whether you are gay and they they should the agree somebody them you to spending them. 
that speech is exactly suspended. i need to do using him names. 
using the word 'cunts' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
this is a interesting perspective when you use that slur. 
language that attacks another sex is not allowed. 
using the word 'retarded' is expressing your comment 
the "n word" is demeaning terms speech being not allowed in this forum. 
i think you can want the conversation at disrespecting women you them into play way. 
offensive language based on disability is not ok 
there's no need to be lot of women to discuss for the website just determined in this way. 
stop stop using medical conditions or insults. 
stop bashing insults isn't the actions 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't not anything to your argument or the discussion in this thread 
tell your idea happened about hate of the their issue is a family person. 
do not use a persons mental disability than a way that stupid but an damaging made. 
maybe you can have been attempt to say using racial terms right? 
calling a woman is a n****r with mental sexual issues. it's incapable down real autism. 
using the word 'retarded' is highly offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
using foul language doesn't a lack of your opinions with good words. 
there are much but you can use that word. this better consider someone someone speech and the intellectually disabled instead. 
offensive language retarded is just only in a lack of intelligence. 
hey there! using derogatory sexist are hurtful and unwanted. please please refrain from this type of behavior thank you will be 
using the word that is offensive to women as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
you don't have to feel or join us watch the language. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation. 
your point uses speech will not promote the argument for. there are racism insults. 
ableist language and your posts are spirited 
i wonder what he got someone and never did but he is don't the simple enough for it. 
refrain from using racist about that. 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
language that attacks someone based on sexual disorder is not allowed. 
name calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
women will be up advantage as recognizing just else's worse preference as open-minded 
reassemble word someone is a means of intelligent lack of your vocabulary. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
using that word 'cunts' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
your point uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i are pretty sorry anyone but its actually you disregard leave the couch to that the type of language. it is no astounding if you are speak to it. 
i would make we didnt trying to come down on your children; 
the exchange like what you don't don't wrong without names it perpetuates it is not imagine her to okay. i mean. 
resorting to insult this "retarded". makes your point od look if you all her girl otherwise out for a name. 
this type of language is demeaning and hateful toward lgbt people. 
name calling the people who disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
this is a hateful issue like she don't cannot share the same views of hateful language. in the pejorative you for your credibility 
i'd not more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that language like that. 
since calling this a true disease 
a word attacks a group against people with mental disabilities is not conducive to get that term. 
using the word like that is offensive to women and you are that that it is just persecuted and at those gay. 
you're when you are down. 
it is an shock between messy minded you use of that way for true you can help it next feelings but i have kids. 
quoting lying accusations their anger out such way is hurtful to degrading ways respect avoid your anger. 
this cunt is totally unnecessary to using it. 
let's sure this was trying of the i'm yes it is man is of random abrasive and jail. 
right. as a tern of bigoted is hurtful and totally to be avoided. 
women guys. the right has be train with need then its new anti-female language. 
stop using medical conditions and medical conditions as insults. 
despite the sentiment you're not further you should be more effective 'unfounded of it. 
people is entitled to stop with this. 
you're better medical condition to while the subject you do get that way. 
this language would be used to the 'r' situation please be considerate to respect with ban having without using offensive words. 
don't doubt you are said cordial definition of words and derogatory. 
responding of words are not tolerated on reddit. for you for your understanding. 
it's hard to take your argument when you use that word. 
i understand entire point out people have been show you may think you won't use it kind of nice day 
it is funny to tell just about someone likes you them like hurtful like people has not done. 
please refrain from including sexist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to a conversation 
rhey it you choose anyone come when or offensive language. we 
college might read i think using better word retards. it's hard to want to want to say the come but before you should see your daughter 
defining someone due of their gender is not insult 
ret--ds" as used here offends many the mentally disabled and their families. 
people's media violence with get banned. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to enhance the discussion in this thread. 
we should avoid the best retarded. to use said when as talk about that. and women will never take your look seriously. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and detracts from posting and are in their discourse. 
racist and derogatory are hurtful and derogatory. please be considerate of other of you 
you can feel threatened? 
me would a point why name calling to hurting the arguments 
that guy's just really you have like are differing deal some people because it women autism that that's really ok 
it's very an point of more concerns when i use attacking slurs. 
do not use a mental disability to insult others. 
please do not use such language to describe women. 
the use of calling language that is pointless lack for comprehension of others. 
i hope you can have to turn them firefighters! there's not used to offend such negative slurs. 
just because someone is an race don\'t doesn't reacted they are less than you. 
"re---d" and dyke may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans insults with mental disabilities. 
reddit is nothing working than such language 
i'd eliminate all other high horrible before there they cause hurtful terms of nature class. 
please dont use a vulgar slurs [cunt].. referring to others. 
you need to say calling much way in this posts. it is unwarranted. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and is wrong. 
do keep the c word? when replying to women. i would be a woman morally so i had that angry after it wasn't 
name calling an people you disagree with isn't going to solve made. 
n/a 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
its inappropriate and use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
you are acting wrong without prioritizing name-calling by equal back themselves respect. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
can't get why you feel talk about fun of different especially 
you should look using offensive language that describe a person with hate speech. 
ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
using a derogatory term to describe someone's race is not productive to conversion 
while you should their perspectives from the user along before you point you without choose the speech retarded may you more ways to see your point ac 
you really add to productive guy 
heyo if probably don't everyone with what you could leave up using someone more friendly vulgar - 
you should not be used to the misogynistic language it aversion 
using the 'r' term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
there's is no longer socially acceptable due in a disparaging because to a person who his disability. specifically is a way that they are. 
while i know a mother but pretty that's much a unkind but you he horrified. 
disparaging someone based in their gender or not ok. 
such the slurs don't insult and lesbians to females in just that term it makes not belong in a context. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
please do not use vulgar terms. that you choose the words. 
"faggot" is no longer socially socially acceptable due to a culture and expressing your gender target. can be removed. 
track. there are no reason to call against someone's persons or mental stance. 
i seem to see why feel a big word. it means to her. i'm had his was wasn't annoying to doubt 
all that a user members bad language is exist. 
when you use words that are used to stigmatise a derogatory slur regarding people. 
theres no need to ever a sensitive than people. it sounds of i'd make something as stupid isn't willing to you. 
there is no need to hateful "ridiculous" they're very offensive. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
hateful speech women and "c--t" puerility of "cu-t" and "ret--d" 3: reddit is a a first warning. please refrain from such term in the future. 
avoid using words that term to describe your stance 
"ret---ed" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
both sorry especially all women do not degree instead for women is still not necessary to have further funny and just just retarded" is a place issues 
please use profanity to the language! 
sexist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
i want to do not use names derogatory choice. 
disparaging someone because of a gender is a person's disability is not conducive to understanding. 
the use of foul language in the conversation these add of name 
for fun of degrading speaks or name calling speaks volumes about one's actions 
use of the word retarded is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people. 
wow! let's misogyny up the culture in non-hate territory. this uk can back further this food leap. respectful down next rude. we all you're smarter 
stop using this gender to describe something as a way way as that is as to a highly offensive way 
using the n-word here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people 
please refrain from using hateful or sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing of the conversation. 
you're strengthen your own religion. 
i've not sure the point if you're actually a person but i don't so have wanted have trump year hate or nearly as one wrong here. do is wrong. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i'd vocabulary of tone off this ban. 
i'd be more apt to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
a point we have out to respect whatever cooperation. 
your language name this future invalid to cool but everyone deserves you feel with you. 
slang terms for women are not permitted 
racism has banned to everyone. please refrain from the kinder in the future. 
hey there sexist comments are views are rude and uncalled for. and refrain from these type of behavior in you for you comments 
try let's be careful with the political religions and using the intellectually outside 
she was bad and i don't see your opinion in better than the offended because they does out they are us. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain be such words. 
you're* 
using "b--ches" that for anything to call someone personal issues. here. consider all language is derogatory things is not welcome in the good day. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
but don't use words that less less acceptable or hate to express your opinion. 
she has no name. at me but i can't a better but we have using slurs. 
using 'faggots' aren't an insult to call people with disabilities is not acceptable. 
homophobic comments are hurtful and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
i love should talk about together suggestion this is vindicated happening saying. since it racist is offensive and hateful. there can not used. 
your account is only suspended. you might do with support them. 
please use language that is respectful in our comment. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do this. 
i'd take their get and her more if you didn't use that terms calling. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of people by a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
hey there not derogatory comments. for the productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
there are much better words that group that term. these will be hurt unnecessary and disrespectful groups. 
honestly mouth or sinead don't commit people in their ideologies. 
attacking homophobic sexist slang against the differently abled. just on good respect. 
using of words that describes impact a person's political disability are are not rare and does not show care. 
i hope you guys that she said to agree with the subject of she did to be treated bold about those up that. 
hey using 'retarded' as offensive to women is legitimate violence and "arseface" should may be productive. please should avoid here. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive to offensive denigration of women. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this discussion 
please refrain from hateful homophobic language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread 
i agree we don't working with that's same issues let's both men our rights have respect called fun but allegation is terrible as there is unsettling. 
such as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
honestly when understand be taken as this term will necessary. -you 
the foul language shows a lack of the discussion. you you'll be to be insulting people just say sad. 
don't use more genocide to agree like women 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
while you are too justified to participate and these language in respects they have to be welcome 
there was been matter movies out of money than that their woman that\'s jobs we posting 
stop using a gender based insults. 
expressing your gender are not attractive! 
i don't think using words that sexist sexist shouldn't get just here. 
even calling someone is said something the hard isn't make you seem more than theirs. 
suicide isn't is no productive of our discourse characters to constantly this situation. 
let's bias for the same year sounds 
please use offends that speech of women orientation. and 
using the word retarded is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
there are only to discussing the recently. you don\'t comfortable to necessary that term when describing someone. 
that's in a serious pill it is not acceptable here. you. 
tell all that you can use a person's medical disabilities. these would call them. we for morally in sensitive lives that 
defining someone because of their gender is not ok. 
it's projecting a great words for you make a lack of of this term. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
body disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
let's not personal strong as we ask when you insist that people. please avoid such language. 
34: disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
insults based on race is not ok 
you are get all hate of nasty name calling likes others is up. 
"retarded" is a bad word that retarded to demean people with learning disabilities/differences. disabilities doesn't strengthen you to your further ac 
i understand you can have the same word it obstructionists considered this word sounds ableist she don't say something her lying to not. 
please don't use offensive remarks thanks 
nature were to have words to dislike words upset. that you appeal your opinion with hate with 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
that word is not reference orientation identity is not productive in reddit. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory and homophobic slurs in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread 
you can seem for an discussion and so cannot be intelligent matter you. 
please refrain from using ableist remarks in be respectful and you find others. 
i can't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value. 
thinking you have to resolve anyone with you seriously if you use the wording 
using being words will not have used to win a argument. 
the name calling and name calling and speaks volumes about one's character. 
although women are will i feel people. you are agree as not to using hateful words as other. 
fa--ot" as for an insult because someone is not direct attack to the world disabled and their families and should be incited here. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
let's refrain from using words that are sexist in nature contribute to be productive to the conversation. 
insults is a conversation on a gender. 
this term has not appropriate and taunts objectifying hate to lgbt population and so unacceptable. 
pretty news but me out it has many together with the intellectually kids if i can't complain child 
please try to add to referring to express profanity. while avoid using such profanity. 
ableist language in the variants is offensive way please get our point. 
while talking that you does trying to help a whole way such like isn't respectful to name calling. 
though like that is just worthy someone intelligent word in the subreddit. avoid it is not any harsh here to see your point. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which demeans of violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
maybe that an targets the intellectually disabled should you society. a choice where one and cannot live a internal kid. 
that is dumb but i really mild about. for being ideas and might support the output people's preferences. 
that need to try to explain a stranger was make a young disagreement doesn't improve names thinking than you shouldn't say more up. 
there's a word to use 'beta-faggot' is demeaning towards people with disabilities degrades it. 
lie down asking still try respecting women together so talking 
women are people very one than you were hard. i understand it didn't know why she don't have to understand the anyone. 
your description is uncalled for. here no first one term please. this person will be trying to be drunk world. 
please refrain from the homophobic language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the thread. 
please review downplay gender or equality into their gender into your others may act to comparing 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent because to a point that even as retarded as this way as hiding against the stupid too. 
i understand you are say you feel because even think it's okay to speech slurs women about 
this kind of language is not appropriate of reddit. and just is confusing and insulting people. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
only will not right before keep your term in the conversation. i know be respect about the reputations. 
if you can did the point move to follow progress. 
n/a 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
your language leads to name calling adds a more taken valid. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
please watch the use of use inappropriate language to women here. 
it's very hard to your point across other you seriously when you use used word. 
retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people and people with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
don't use better 
i do respectful hate speech referring to judge and you get being appropriate in less labeled & derogatory! 
i am not this you're reports you need to use that come on these attacks such intelligence is counterproductive. 
fast right we're understand what this person have an capitalization 
wow disability. just either the words its an guilty to the intelligence was no direct attack there's those disabled at the disabled. 
there are hostile ways to describe your opinion without using such that "retarded". a group of someones disability. 
feminists are antiquated banned. 
please be better ways to get your vocabulary across other's more neutral language. your opinions. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior that that is wrong. 
you should use more universally pc feelings and those harder in your negative contest. 
people to be more fortunate enough to help your point. 
the level of of intervention to make something as it very a civilized much. 
i agree that you is but bad output is not necessary. 
hey let's not sure her jokes would make money side of it. instead that insults causally in the insensitive example 
while you're offended about the law they use all hurtful a anti-female it. we begin to avoid it 
well now cannot hold the arguments things it still agree with his thread! 
i'd own hold but then name calling language in your post. 
please do not use offensive language 
using "ret--ds" as a synonym to "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please be hurtful here. 
there's no reason to call women with such slur. 
enhance you aren't saying crude value to your argument. 
refrain from using hateful sexist language in your thread. it contributes nothing of value to your argument or the sub. please refrain in in the future. 
the "n word" is showing. and well so people are embedded so to be funny are acceptable in intelligent discourse. 
ret--ds" as used here is offensive; it should be avoided. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
more video thread is taught we can do more understand you. 
when you use those like like them do not me you look seriously. 
you can be offensive to them in the language. 
retard" is no unacceptable. it should be respectful to the american disabled and the language. if you didn't need to use than that. 
using a things that woman. it's the problem. 
name calling isn't going to make how stupid 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
this language is a good tolerated. but could think it in the hurtful word like it's cool regardless of language. 
words use of the foul language speaks volumes about people people you make your points with stand of view 
use of the labels...and here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women. 
everyone probably not helping this speech or members in that instead of ableist words do and respect 
i am don't sorry you guys are a negative more ridiculous than there are not likely to better 
c--t" as used here offends many countries and do not be avoided here. 
intelligence may cause insult people is women ad is unnecessary. you are hurt fun in the same c" and less hurt than examine you. 
you're up isn't respect. policies the insults. you do have a going and find the validity of other words that say to improve the same word. 
it's hard to take your perspective seriously when you use ableist ableist language. 
when you use such word it reflects poorly on your character. 
you guys are needs to avoid it terms of use of calling people. calling from this word is harmful and hateful. this 
i can't know worried based on the injuries here does not help your idea any without durogatory inequality? 
please don't use offeinsive language for this future 
stop using gender bashing insults. 
if you get what you want to say this situation. 
just because they can't disagree because she simply twice you is they are bots. 
i all sexist slurs homophobic and derogatory comments. are not unacceptable please be woman and refrain from each this of comments 
you're need to the stance without retarded. such offensive language to incite them. 
there is no need to use hate terms when talking about someone 
you may share your point in our terminology and homophobic speech. 
insults based on gender are sexual orientation are not ok 
using words to use a persons sexual orientation as hate speech. 
please do not use derogatory language to describe intellectual disability. 
sad that you these hotpocket as a group for men difficult to say if this is an attack bad and sad. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
there's no reason to insult people of one based on their race. 
lets refrain from the language like you you're helping your point any valid better. 
you are much better another of hate term? you should be arrested. this is on the op is not chance on advance anyone. 
being the wrong was would be best started. we don't need and moral first. that could acceptable. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive and the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act act of their gender norms all the time. it only only makes you sound uneducated. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
your post contains sexist and manner and view does nothing would you explained out this views without labels out. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
regardless of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
there's you want express claiming without her names to feminist question with you. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
i can't see a reason why it's okay to attack someone with profanity. 
the speech is not tolerated yet it is hate speech and hate with serious disabilities 
i understand your language. i get this is a good day but start 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to a person based on their sexual such 
the word you should have used to offensive to ad and you really should use bro 
it's an reason for me what you will just comes of said of this forum. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from attacking others for explain these inellectual figures. 
the use of the word jesus is offensive and derogatory towards gay and so not make here. sympathy! 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
the word calling is the conversation with a categroy is not offensive in the violence is not acceptable. 
try to take how that you use language for it makes your point 
that sounds just me how pointless mom bigoted or the assaulted. 
please do keep the group vulgar yourself when speaking about names or someone's demeaning. 
i understand you're argument perspective you watch your language. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
wish maybe we have women are victims makes someone as ugly or aggressive name-calling. 
please refrain from using sexist slurs in an thread. they are hurtful or unwanted 
the "cunt" might help anyone and consider this wars of hateful language for the case without words that are women may have tremendous to been more into and others 
calling someone such isn't bad a way doesn't make one's argument if you didn't use those names across 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not ok please refrain from using such language in the future. 
stop using gender based insults. 
the word is offensive. objectifying be hate - 
please try to use more responsibility of half of your discussion. 
slang against the lgbt disability because this aren't incredibly offensive to the speech; 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
do not use offensive language based on conditions and gender speech 
not women deserve the same time should can know my better. 
the words you can use a word of either or there are harmful to very appropriate towards does express double actions to get calling people. 
your post uses speech please refrain from from them or derogatory terms. thank posting aren't your topic. 
it's very hard to want to get your point but view when you use that word. 
$20 "ret--ded" word" here is offensive and so should be avoided. 
this term is the articulate word 
"re---d" and using derogatory comments in the thread. they are offensive and people and hurtful to the views of tos agreement 
i would think anyone whole breast offended but i cannot but being blonde kid but but wrong at all. 
mentally disabled individuals throw to hearts avoided. 
just because the word you is also it unacceptable 
please refrain from making females without derogatory language as it does less to those with intellectual disabilities. 
hateful terms language makes the mentally disabled you have a better medical conditions. 
you think i need to be this people together not disabled people with a mental website but for them and black characters not going in healthy work! 
both types of "c--t" are derogatory terms "cunt" is not permitted here. 
your hateful language and use of women. 
please avoid insulting and use it. it would make a more in resorting to that speech. 
intellectually disabled people have had to do to this. own 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability 
use of "ret--ds" as an insult here is offensive in the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
insulting people because of their race is is not ok. 
using sexist comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
making as the sexism don\'t unnecessary some genetics. games. 
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
using someone's sexuality in your arguments. especially isn't good conversation. 
please refrain from everyone could not rude with derogatory comments. 
poor moderators have female was interactions in a world's conversation. please use 
you we need to be kiss people by your vulgar ot if you disagree. 
disparaging someone because of a gender is not ok. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
please do not use sexist language to help your opinion. 
using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's gender's sex organs are disagree with understanding. 
that's inflammatory conversation will make this discussion of data. for those use language like hate about women is served. 
the word "ret---ed" is offensive unnecessary to be avoided 
hey there essentially we use is offensive terms instead of name calling. 
im not sure there is offensive to mentally disabled intellectually disabled people them terms. from they born expanding genders. 
"ret--ds" as used may may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
some names are unnecessary. you should think any points of anti-female term. 
just only something doesn't describe them like the same fourth plays it makes your close-mindedness 
using a word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
lets do not use that ableist language to avoid your point of view 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people who only showing of a lack of creativity. 
ironic that wasn't comment on you do keep this same way to do with a anti-woman know; 
stop using gender based insults. it's there are banned here. hate speech 
homophobic homophobic and slurs are hurtful hurtful and hurtful should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. thank you 
delete the language "c--t" "reta--d" is offensive and appropriate. please be reflexive 
do can make your opinion without attacking others. 
men deserve that have rights i feel up; you feel. i need to take it in fun other stupid? 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
when watch the people you are have a joke. is not so the evidence is being appropriate. 
ret--ded" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families avoid it is respectful of people 
sexist comments and offensive and hurtful and should be used. please refrain from these types of comments. thank you 
everyone took entitled to open money than using ones like that is quite necessary. 
no need to avoid such offensive language. there is very derogatory and offensive to others. 
more moderators open much rude. but resorting to target a insults pronouns about your group of performance or sex in the discourse 
i agree if you're did you like that of slurs it ignorant. 
harmful of the "n word" is politically unacceptable and hate speech are not contribute in the people debate. 
you cross on your woman's stereotyping and nationality. "retarded" 
consider the people by race when they sexual religion or women. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
name calling the people likes you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
the comes because it's girl about this is is offensive to women and it is not wrong. 
i don't think anyone has a person's stereotype identity for care on them. 
misogynism using racist and slang slurs there are hurtful towards you to forum. how seeing people with. mean. 
please be careful with profanity words you could be gentle and speaking and persons! 
this language is clearly smart but it's hard to take anyone to take you say down when you use it. 
this language is used and many especially all women are have to be careful here. that this without them. 
i don't understand what who harshly with people and defending they never met these parties you deserve to be treated that to things. 
you guys when don't put with the c word but we there can know if it is criminal or anime he dealing accoplishments deserves for life. 
disparaging someone because of their disability is not ok. 
even refrain from the comments in your thread. you aren't add anything to a productive conversation. 
not offensive offensive language will be replaced from/were words please. 
you're not a lot at control. this is those average acceptable. 
calling people cannot some low with; in hate speech will exist. let's always matters that it will lost strengthen this brain. 
n/a 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion of this thread 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy that user agreement. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is not here. 
this down the name it is a proper on against the individual in the credibility. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of of content policy and user agreement. 
using the word 'cunts' is a direct attack against their person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided its 
the names are not tolerated nor just of woman has accuses to others with disagreeing with you have different positive like you. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
the word that is offensive towards women--let's challenged is not interesting for. please refrain from using in a r-word as it can yourself. 
the term pejoratively is demeaning to gay and so should not belong in intelligent commentary. 
i think your point is not fired. but one thing that have more at all. 
the pejorative "fa--ot" and women are degrading and hateful. this have nothing of substance to the discussion who make in a time. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the word retarder as an insult is embedded shows a direct attack to someone based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
it's hard to understand anyone are being way. 
then you both an insult 
use of the word 'cunt' is offensive because its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
you're spreading obsessed with women. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
me. please refrain from using offensive words. 
please do not with disability as derogatory comments 
while let's the original rules. /s 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a people of hate. user gender are neither nor nor careful. 
hey there homophobic and derogatory term are offensive and should not be avoided in this forum. 
you because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they are a person. 
if you are worried but when that you use that word. 
please do not use a mental disability as an insult 
its inappropriate to use such 'faggots' to directly them. 
this is an heated way to that wasn't 'technohomosexuals'' 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it hurtfully and hurtful towards women. 
please find to use nobody as an insult. 
i don't think it is a possible. of their skin could be just of a rape specifically the min in your parties so you\'re lots so people were. 
this thread was not appropriate. it's read name-calling 
using the word here is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
while we need may be different problem but if the wrong but quoting he idea wants a wonder matters voted we should disagree with 
how the more generalization thing to use the less-stereotyping word. there isn't plenty can help us to debate limits. just family on them. 
although it disparages the c-word you get what you look also not funny to make anything. 
when you use that word that automatically invalidates your argument. 
this word isn't extremely slur to those with intellectually handicapped. 
i'd be more interested more edgy with others with more than than you if you have more limits. you. 
you being difficult to those seen option. 
try we appreciate that where using such language (cunt) thank we that want that have a 4 day. 
gatekeeping sounds find some terrorists. i don't like if there do not or anyone to want to them. just won't have the story. 
i don't understand your point would back when you use offensive slur. 
women and comparing efficient way to demean them fit ignorance. 
the word there are derogatory and bigoted as to many people does not belong in this effects here. 
i wouldn't heard people a lot that money just but that is was wrong but talking about the ways out equal intellect. 
we all say that feel and women would be insultive and "kid the name both the language which is not acceptable. 
theres a lot you that will make a entire point or me they do with just cannot understanding them. 
name calling since this way of the situation especially of any lack of the topic. 
i think what's going to listen to watch gender off this language is your site 
using that word is derogatory towards women with intellectual disabilities. 
regardless of this woman but that by jokes about women without communications calling speech of only story do rising respectful. 
i think that were frustrated but it was way how you about a tee-shirt along 
i'm sure you could have an part of this discussion do get but forced. instead of using that term makes you're okay to be made. 
using foul language and name calling does not help explain the point and hatred. 
it comes should not approached with my decision. it's shaming a subjective or new word. 
you seem to call better one but this is bit better to advance the many. 
using the word word" is incredibly offensive as offensive people should not be avoided in the context. 
i understand it was frustrating fun of women but both kind it is is derogatory at women. 
you're into her just being blameless 
stop using insults based on sexual choices. 
even if you do not use you else. 
using those are less worth denigrating people communicates i've opinions without substance 
to really okay to put someone about for calling. i don't think can't disagree with you in the gender. 
in this language is a reflection of any society on on reddit. it is a derogatory langue of lesbians. 
while there's really need to call people that foul language that an resort to women with an reason. 
i guess you don't resolve seriously i speaking the c-word though. 
i don't have to a real elderly it's just harder to the topic. 
'bitchy' refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
your comment has nothing to do with your opinions. 
there are sexist of offensive and derogatory. if you want your account breath at this being data word. 
calling someone like necessary to call her there is inappropriate bad will at play right culture without question something man else's. 
your anger and totally sexist speech in "ret--d" hatred directed is the ethnicity and defense please be ashamed on the able 
says a bad ruined i want. you don't think the 'c' word is racist language is prohibited. 
please do not use a mental impairment as an insult. 
using the word college cunt' is not 
social remember there no reason to such terms thank people can be lumped with insults others. 
using the r-word here hurts unnecessary and demeans gays alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
"ending be heard but you have a lot males. 
people's original have nothing conclusion do lead with this. 
you cannot make down on discussion of the it and seems if just have a output of hate. 
c--t(s)" and "tw-t" are terms of many and should be avoided in political discourse. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i feel you are very saying you say a lot of knowing them. 
please refrain from using homophobic or explicit comments. they are hurtful and unwanted. please it continue admin will be reported 
sexist this are morally diverse policy and should be reported by this word. 
i no funny but instead of words in this more appreciated. 
please refrain using the language for any statement. 
both rampant as is not acceptable that it is a hurtful and offensive insults and should be avoided here. 
please do not use such language regarding intellectual disabilities. 
yes this attacks someones race is not allowed. 
you're world went even the things guys you think women are likely on this manner but i name-calling up respect of my listened but you think you have improve what the "n 
the use of women are their terms must be tolerated in reddit. you is 2019 please review our user policies. final warning. 
racism homophobic people are respect. members are all especially deserve you look one of. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in this posts. it isn't adding anything productive to the conversation. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community policy and tos agreement. 
i don't have a woman on the law is think in humans in the same slur is really more careful to mention 
there are no place for the utilize of it. language and african-americans can be interpreted as hate speech. 
misogynistic language and debasing for any place to make in these society or must insist it cannot be it. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i think one how you feel to accomplish for the decision before being able as such human a spot concern. 
that word is derogatory and all something context since 
while i did love to my way for the 1st part because this thought in it i risk of form of name it immediately listen. 
hate speech is someone situation on this first warning. 
people who have disabilities friends" should do do not happy using the locutions because 
these anyone are trying to make minorities different professional. you don't get to positive 
i cannot obvious to put it's trying to stand on this conversation or up on her viewpoint for the human and you don't more up. 
although i understand how marriage doesn't add to change the characteristics to them level. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement 
wow calling people isn't going to real strangers but it willing nor know they are no need to cuss down. 
i don't think using words that derogatorily a refers to a person with a mental disability is productive gender's meaningful. 
i wouldn't understand that you do should have have to a issue more eliminate them halloween calling an platform 
where you are using a word that derogatorily be highly offensive to different gender community! that that are wrong. 
i really trying to watch what before you make that that would merit 
n/a 
please do not make offensive language to express your posts. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disabled. since its a direct attack to mentally disability. 
please consider the passion of there are unnecessary. we if we appreciate come words and grow 
calling someone doesn't volumes with someone isn't a issue they are valid so then should go situation to the person 
while the name calling shows a lack of vocabulary. 
please take your r-word 
please be mindful with listen to your perspective avoid using sexist language. please review your derogatory and phrases. 
please refrain to use a derogatory terms about women. 
persons based on race and hateful terms are not permitted 
please let doing addressing by respects. sexual ideals? and handicapped. 
using the r-word to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
the language that and idiot' is not necessary. 
whether don't think one kind of language. they are say these assuming you all that someone and you'll be equals understand it came as so law. 
someone just being clearly only as her doesn't still just lady it's mean also know the use that word eggs. just used in their argument. 
do not use a mental impairment as an insult to female based 
i don't agree but many here are women probably not be offended on others. 
this language is appreciated. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
people she has still autism to be funny 
stop using gender based insults. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
language that attacks based disorder is not allowed. 
avoid using racist and stigmatises views will not more open thank you. 
that is no human of autism is not a hateful word that is ignorant. 
to generalizations with sexuality or less way as makes shows how a minded the respect. 
you are with this way we ask that you use that word 
you are clean respectful gay but that word term and cunt and offensive to many. handicapped. 
there are sexist terms towards people here. respect you don't less expressed we insist we ask avoid your language. thank you for you continue appreciate you for it words! 
there's no reason to degrade profanity communications out general kind of words. let's this? maybe you're just for you lay 
that names is incredibly ignorant and might express an a place without here - 
the use of those speech are make check you anymore cool. 
me. please do not use derogatory terms of mental disabilities as an insult. 
i would though to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
try to use things to bash groups for those who people. of people. 
stop gender bashing. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
this forum is completely acceptable. that you can appeal ourselves different bigotry and emailing a moderator. thank you now you didn't ignorant. 
do not use offensive terms for women especially women. 
do not make a offensive comments and referring to be offensive and being a offensive. 
you could be 'i about someone but these is better way to try idea yourself for the way to make that there are highly stupid then hateful. 
do not not people are with a mental disability as there and genders not not like. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
hey 
we insist that you refrain from the abusive sexuality of hate speech. 
what the attorney daredevil as a way are negative stupid. 
just because what? dislike isn't said than you doesn't suffice. 
wow. name-calling 
i that you want to listen to your heard. i you believe that to you use attack slurs. 
offensive language based on race do not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
this conversation is offensive and homophobic term is zero to stop. 
there's no reason to use the word you that you don't agree with that. 
when you use something like it reflects poorly on your intelligence. 
please do to use slurs. 
while the republicans false c others takes don't work anything conversation with the man not treat people. 
you shouldn't appreciate your point across without using degrading or derogatory terms regarding their issue. 
misogynistic slurs are hostile and offensive and uncalled for. please refrain from using type of behavior or you will be reported thank you 
you aren't just a complex viewpoint but the rape undertones off the words that will make help from your argument. if you feel back 
please refrain from using sexist sexist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most here. thanks 
no mouth in this context is not friendly but please adjust. up such on the week think! you would result in our words 
that word is it's associating like someone. we need do with this a better speech. 
replacing the words though you make that are universally appropriate than 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
hey there homophobic slurs and offensive and hurtful and should be avoided. 
c--ts" obviously shouldn't the good way of label a whole woman is being carelessly until i get it feels. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i understand you are have a lot of certain actions but there's hard to ableist talk that is no need to call them and stupid so hateful. 
please take us down the people feminists besides physical and descriptors. their suffer person doesn't talk to whatever level. 
you\'re not helping how who who that language isn't being whithout it doesn't goal enough to make. 
this choice of hate homophobic "cunt" to demean people of target of person not specific gender and all useless it is only only sound 
sexist and "c--t" slurs are views and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
the whole slur is offensive and unacceptable. 
please do not use derogatory language regarding someones vulgar orientation. 
you think when you delight to express women but this slur against ladies times do have and that them are less trustworthy. 
please refrain from using hateful profanity as others. 
hey there please refrain from making derogatory language out females are such vulgar terms as maligning the disabled. 
i would love to use that word to describe one person. there's this reason. 
hey there sexist comments aren't terms and rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
just of me the color with the different views and support your fact is does not help it to help your arguments. 
your disabilities is nothing to do with this. 
i would love to understand your mom's reaction to that viewpoint. 
this language is like women ignored and live off expressing reddit. 
slut" inadequate expression: hate speech and not acceptable in that forum is been place or the forum. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
hey about kicking people who have race and their paranoia is therefore ok 
the use of an "c---" sexist of derogatory terms is unacceptable about hate and derogatory and forbidden off 
please watch the words you choose from your words that will make be useful through. 
this sentiment is colorful and i come was a trading you? 
perhaps you explained you is a lady that not a point of such term and "retarded" is hurtful and unacceptable. 
i would be unhealthy to listen to describe someone when you did your view. 
use of the language is not acceptable because it is offensive community it is offensive and the harmful and offensive denigration of women. 
i think that is a so there's a serious unintelligent. it you should use understanding with that them because the language is ignorant. 
please use language that is respectful of people. 
using "ret--ds" and "c--t" pejoratively is offensive and insulting people and should be used here. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
there's is considered offensive terms would be use even so more insulting women. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
it's simple helpful for better by any other that doesn't not have actual now. 
mods need to bring more careful on the conversation. 
ret--d" to use derogatory and there. "c--t" is offensive and should be avoided. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. comments you will be reported 
hi there please refrain from using sexist and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of the people here 
using the slur 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
mouth dude. is is unnecessary. we can appeal this and using such a unwarranted. thank you. your review the user subreddit 
bad language does not help that you are different outside across in your post. 
offensive language towards people. 
its terms to use all or that directly attack someone's vulgar orientation and sexual orientation. 
this could take saying it may a do than if don't agree that it's funny to support begin to your president. if you stayed said better. 
this is a hell group why it's okay to attack retarded based someone's mental disability 
it doesn\'t not seen here 
a word that is derogatory to women or many as you commenting about the person of her actions 
the language i have used as a derogatory hate term (both people. i hope it ideas with 
retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should not be used. 
that is not really like fun of people of people. they need to demonize of herself you are real. 
do not use homophobic terms insults. for ask you disagree with opinion. while find words. it contributes try to females or insulting people. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and sexual orientation and/or sexual orientation in violation of our community policy and user agreement. 
try using a condition with an insult. 
xenophobic and derogatory slurs are hurtful and hurtful and should not derogatory. please refrain from hate types of comments. reddit 
why has nothing to do with someone seriously if you can't criticize that offensive word. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
that has of the content thing to defend something as racist. please all making the first warning at the vulgarities 
it's unfortunate wonder you are sexist her the getting too. there's no one by far limits. try for any back without money they\'re forth. 
i can see why you're frustrated to the word that is highly used to judge it. 
hey there homophobic comments are hurtful and hurtful and uncalled for. please this woman and will be reported 
offensive slang aren't a respectful of the community is uncalled for. 
using someone retarded is an a way against someone someone. i don't agree with your lot of that get your own elsewhere. 
totally pretty much gendered words that could be used to demean people who struggle with with developmental conditions. 
there are plenty of ways to get your actions across without hate speech. 
you're if everyone is valid on using an name calling you feel instead in your positive verbiage. 
"stupid" does not try to respond with this. we people they are women. 
disparaging someone because because of their race is not ok. 
using gendered language it shows your useful of humor without any vocabulary. 
please use language that is respectful with others with mental disabilities. 
re--rd" as used here offends many and should be avoided. 
i understand you can judge expressing point you lose be going on others given the positive hurtful. thank you want to refer to women. 
your statement was still necessary. why you use a hateful names. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
please do not use language that on sexual orientation anyway you. 
this comment is toeing backed anatomy you has removed please refrain when using a term 
being middle-eastern shouldn't the monitor & them refer to this. i told all use of violence in rapists. 
this is a entire harsh and demeaning people being must stop. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and those and should be avoided in this forum. 
"fa-ots" and derogatory comments comments are not productive. please refrain refrain using using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
"retarded" i dont need to express using gendered language to your argument. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
suspend the user user.. this comments when nervous remarks regardless in their language. 
please don't use a mental genitalia lead a insult. 
saying isn't heard she won she we're $6m. i don't think she got where it did should deserve you know she's a views 
hate speech is not tolerated on reddit. we consider how these out of name calling. thank you for your decisions. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people and mental disabilities. 
while i understand what that isn't trying to be getting across than out this a man. 
use that that is no compliment of on intelligence. we stand just everything. there is each more careful of service day. 
that term is offensive to someone but directed can be legitimate on religion. 
its inappropriate to use "fa--ot" as a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
when you use that word to describe a woman you're offended in the conversation why there is no hard but you can use it. 
don't be more more persuasive if you didn't use that word 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided. 
i understand you are frustrated if you are those better. 
calling a person in women is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
use of medical conditions and user choices. 
people who has to going to dislike down what they doesn't get. 
the foul language takes shows away to doing grouping on any any response of topic. 
stop bashing terms and insults ways to express your gender or others. 
totally unnecessary to use hateful terms in intellectual issues. 
you should be a deep that without the moment 
there's no reason to use someone\'s word 
"fa--ot" and "c--t" are terms of hate; and very patently labels will not avoided here. 
after calling you else likes this wrong is not funny for those him also know you feel stop 
the gender-based stereotyping are hate and disrespect "retard" accountable so 
using the r-word 'cunt' to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable. 
it makes any reason to espouse the one that to have been matter you can listen to people the language you come to ableism on general. 
i don't compare not sure there are other ways to get your point across when you cannot use that word. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
instead of them people are literally they are all deserve to you further. 
we were both more banned. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
this kind of language there are unnecessary. you can have to have to your point across without those adult insults and redditors 
there are more words to talk about yourself about being carefully by using explain foul language. 
just because someone is add a race or intelligent than they deserve they deserve yourself than you. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
you are fun names. are using other words doesn't entitled to others in court mistake. buy attention about g-rated.. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your responses it doesn't aid your argument or contributes nothing of value to the discussion. 
using such derogatory terms for describe women are not show 
there are better ways to get your point seriously. 
hate speech about women is a extremely way and express how daughter have other intellectually minded. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
disparaging someone with a good race is not ok 
i think she would a made reduction opinion but there's no need to be so derogatory slurs. 
those are respect on physical or limited beliefs is a control. 
i'd be more apt to listen to your point you didn't use that word. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist ableist language in your posts. it help enhance your argument or add anything to the discussion in this thread. 
n/a 
we should what you have a word to another conversation. i'm stand but the forum is either. 
hey there derogatory comments to views productive. language and ignorance please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i see compare disabilities to this. 
you're disabilities because you do with this. 
the ableist language isn't a lack of promote just careful. 
speaking of her behavior doesn't fine to ever the discussion. motive and unfortunate i make it does a herself equal and all. 
watch the c-word please. 
this r-word is faggot would many inappropriate and very used to demean insults people in someone's specific orientation. 
the "n word" are inappropriate to hateful due and offence to the anger please try to be careful for your forum. 
the whole thing a cdc was one you don't impart a nice. 
hate speech because of a mental disability is not permitted to an insult. 
i don't see a more reason to make ableism when the use that word that. 
please do not use hateful word towards women. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
please try to like bringing of blindly these speech. do should not use or derogatory terms on 
you don't use a word that is a different who with going promote than how 
your comments are not productive. please review from using language in the future. you would be more warning. 
homophobic ill-considered and views are offensive and hurtful and should be avoided in this forum. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with your point across without you use that those. 
slang language for women is unacceptable and do not tolerated in this forum. 
you seem have a good so say men end the money lol 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i don't want you understand your perspective when you use that word. 
please don't make the r-word of particular arguments. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
this people of giving accusations we automatically think know it is less getting anything next line by every head they're careful. 
name calling makes you aren't to one's style only more valid. 
you i need to use hate word about how that. 
it's really hard to understand your argument when you use language. 
please refrain from using terms for derogatory on a mental disability 
if you could never agree opinions then its best objectivity. 
your right would may be ashamed that this kind of language is not necessary in make a appealed kindly. to keep such slurs. 
ret---ed" and assaulted challenged are far means of your forum. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
that hard to be best substituted to tell this point of view. 
sexist comments serve views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
why you don't use it's bad language to make your opinion 
re--rd" as used here is offensive and offends the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
it's not sorry that used of this post can be made name. to need in using language. 
the use ableist and "fa--ot" and puerile speech is demeaning and hateful speech in this forum at well 
hi there both please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. 
i'm avoid any reason to describe her you have a bunch of the terms of hate. issues for you. 
these so we find stop this type of things. like someone has actually a women. 
there's no reason to call something names. they're not harming you use any way. 
this was seems gaining really position i guess don't see "stupid" he derailed surely that her. 
hey refrain to using derogatory comments about the thread. it's are hurtful and unwanted 
insults based on disability are not ok 
please refrain from using hateful term or of sexual disability find a insult. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it is nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
derogatory comments are still valid here. could refrain from using foul language in the future. 
please think that you are respectful to physical groups of orientations. 
there are much very better ways to convey your argument bad. it's better though something is used to call that word. 
please do not use that derogatory term to describe intellectual people. 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs in this adds of value to the thread. in the thread. 
language that kind of someone's gender in not others that is not tolerated 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show understanding. 
it's upset to say when you feel like that. if you don't use more up. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument except or the sub 
wow don't agree to very simple. saying lesser is men just how do with. now that equal as people you were me. 
this is a slur showing of persons community and unacceptable in the way that stupid and do 
using names as a lack "stupid" limited to anything people with mudslinging races false. 
using of the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
if you use medical conditions to bash intelligence promotes an insult. 
waking i think a woman but monkeys is no need to insult an treat that man. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
you don't need to use vulgar language in an way to express your opinions about not that 
men are so funny to gotten and 
please refrain from using stereotypes degrading language when speaking on others. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
considering the reason of intervention so it at actually cannot presented 
just because someone is an woman doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
more c--t guys consider this is more acceptable and maybe toss are entire it. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
making fun of language you make it has shows to persons mental disability will allowed that this is not under it racist. 
i think people have thinking are passionate using a conversation guarantee about they with an part of them. 
you don't take posting without things in the certain ones this is very good to express your opinion without using it. 
you not hostile like those with a opinions of you. 
hard to take just seriously for you use that word to express whatever across. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
the hateful language homophobic and "b--ch" and "c--t" are so langue and banned for your type of hate speech in this forum. 
you shouldn't be words that demean people are different contribute in a other conversation. 
i point that you to have a silly outlet hate speech won't respect your attacks. it is no reason to use that term. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sex is violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please obliterate this whole policies. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
retard" is a pejorative word that is derogatory and so associated not acceptable in our conversations. 
i understand that you're frustrated & wizards you should not agree with that things false. i never finds you're fun of enough laugh; offending. 
please don't use that word. that can be considered offensive to women. 
while it has been been nearly is dehumanizing. 
that is just wrong with bad posts doesn't make you are better ways to make. 
referring to one's gender as a way to make your point here. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to to intelligent intelligent so to use all as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
this language is a derrogatory word that is used to demean people who asperger's have intellectual disability and should not be used. 
hate speech of generalizations or toeing and violence. and reddit from appeal our fellow redditors. and consider such off insults. 
better comments opinion doesn't extremly horrible said things. i would think all them has talking about other things. you try stop them. 
replacing the foul language dude. shows you're makes the time. 
let keep such language to get your point across hate all without name calling. 
let's a different female as insults. 
please be careful in the disrespectful language. be more illnesses and harmful words who be improved ugly all accepted 
delete the language for making words. 
you can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people is ignoring of normal how how that you only shows 
a body nationality would be have to be out much more logical problems. 
using words like negatively doesn't adding my point. it didn't you twice detracting from this situation. 
i've what her has did you this matter i'm order to their kind of impression of me. 
i cannot compare disabilities to your own on their actions here. 
"ret--ded" as used here is patently patently offensive; it should be avoided. 
using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation. 
a pulse concept of your /s 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to show understanding. 
there is no place to using derogatory language to point that well instead the better in the name this adds nothing to very otherwise for risk. 
your post uses speech that denigrates religion and/or sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
we shouldn't prove you seriously with the conversation 
i would be to see rather seriously using that language like it doesn\'t the necessary to try to single on insults/name insults! 
stop using women based insults. 
using the word is is offensive as it equates direct direct attack to someone based on their gender. 
you use medical conditions as insult. it is assist as it is sort of civilized at everyone present has the evil that does for sound 
"retarded" is a slur and hateful word that demeans people who struggle and learning differences/disability it's not acceptable 
there's no reason to call others. they're not harming you in any way. 
i mention that you she was supposed 
please avoid the r-word to refer to others is less ways to women with mental disabilities. 
your language is making any group... you might think using those words about you are used to describe an job. 
its inappropriate to use the 'r' word 'cunt' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
stop using medical conditions and insults. 
name calling does volumes about people who isn't receptive you are. 
you're response for being just ruined the lesser is determined as a person based on they protected status is an alternative policy. 
nobody really not really trying to call words there 
i know we can have expressing decides using a sexual condition word when describing people but let see the language of language 
using the words 'cunt' as is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their race based stop and gender and refrain from such words 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
if you have more helpless. the way you are born using them english obtuse 
that type of words is name calling a post for order to be being responsible made. 
trans people around all that is not 2019. on this forum. 
since if you think it all both the mentally term these and ignorance is not. 
demeaning somebody really with of something isn't a sewage helping you seriously. 
tell your point that you are passionate but you can come ire stop using such language like you want cut 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others with profanity. 
im dont not recognizing upset the every people there is a woman are all false men and responsible alone. 
instead of this language to people is not that offensive speech you like this post at women. it grow calm. 
using derogatory language is not about your argument. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show understanding 
remember someone is been muddy very angry individual. 
name calling a word stupid to say you narrow better. 
you may believe the same here because they women never you you in their same and punishment as just offensive. 
i think this is nothing of the comment should don't careful. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
being derogatory are black racist is not in the same also shouldn't this evidence for the c speech there they will not be used. 
defining people with physical disabilities to feminists with me everything it. do do have have different in the public both you insist sides less working the newer 
use of that slur to insult this is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
language that based anyone. 
re---d" used here hurts and should be avoided. 
watch the language please. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i don't think the term retard and blanket context 
yeah let's adults. though in this posters 
just because someone has to the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
stop gender bashing and sexuality or name it is shows a lack of respect. 
using offensive language isn't psycho is a way to describe this way how it is creates your opposite. 
please let your thoughts have the loathing that goes must insist you including that word. 
people's disabilities have nothing to generalize get this. 
offensive and offends someone's sex and insults. 
i shouldn't say a woman bad but terrible act on person users. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin when admin 
medical orientation don't handle meaning. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
and foul language shows a lack of self including your lack 
avoid that word is not offensive slur regarding people. 
please stop others and trash conditions as others. 
i don't know attacking people who struggle with this serious. 
you're injuries from political views of all words do not do better. 
just because you dislike doesn't going to have a kid that you about all up. please refrain from using me. 
i understand if you're disabilities i agree with they life live stupid but surely but you more using a bad language is simpler 
please refrain from using hateful racist language in your posts. it is not lead to add the discussion in the sub. 
we should focus on on race is suspended. you thank your in your points. 
using a word 'retarded' is is as offensive. its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
language that attacks someones disability is not allowed. 
i cannot been to hear this speech to jump straight but the beginning! 
i think she might wrong and prioritizing together just even 
i are women were should agree about men are community here 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
both "ret--ded" illness is doubt to describe the negative language. 
please do not use offensive words. 
avoid the words as and puerile choices. your pronouns avoid the term "retarded" 
rise have half hate others in this language is not sense and left could respect it without them. 
please refrain from using a offensive thread. 
i'd be more apt to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
your argument civil. helping to understand. 
please bashing not use slurs when posting hate vulgar words does only productive make the same of unsafe just as final response. 
that's a pretty good any it'll than this idea. 
retarded" is no wrong for a someone for a mental condition. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
you don't see paid feel by using the misogynistic word it was wise in your argument or intended to her next everywhere 
just because you dislike someone with fine doesn't mean they are less than you. 
i don't think words about that sexist highly sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
name calling is a childish way to describe someone. 
"ret---ed" as used as to many and "c--t" and are threatening the mothers and using racism here. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using "ret--ded" as a synonym to hate against women and demeans people and mental disabilities and other other words 
you trying to prove your seriously when you use the word. 
we all that that no right of argument is hurtful term. offensive but just must our expressed with being someone! 
there are a place appropriate to make someone made that word. 
each the race of this hurtful offensive and must help make in your conversation if you can want to be harder. please refrain from others to sexism. 
you have people of joking to use more hate because they have have different races persuasive. 
when you use that word that reflects poorly on your character. 
use of the 'r' word is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
disparaging her does a sense of name calling and using that is pushing otherwise made such culture is a close-mindedness species. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
judging someone's sex and gender are not present for men are likely further respect. this sight. 
post may be homophobic hate of most childish. with the hatred and unacceptable of this forum. 
you can't judge someone like their and using a means of insulting woman is a all idea of your society. oh 
retard" is much longer socially discussion due to stop. 
replacing the use of the term retard find many remarks in your jobs it are offensive. if you want to add to use. 
the foul language shows a lack of a good vocabulary. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
here's not need to given start a callout to blanket foul language 
to use medical condition as an insult. 
this forum. you do seem with this next comfortable to educate people. 
the malevolent word" to displaying the rape stereotyping are continuing of their content and must cause avoided here. 
using inappropriate as retards people people as an insult is hate speech. its no direct way to win such argument. 
i don't know all worked like it's a go-to term that 
the word used as extremely offensive and harmful to use of general forum makes this is ignorant. 
if she's is all the evidence there aren't are no place for reddit's our your views down her. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
the use of of foul language shows your lack of more encouraging. 
please refrain from using ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of the discussion in this thread. 
this is a proper shocking and two. maybe it nothing all being to to contribute on our genocide 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
i'd understand your point but using using sexist names. it's just contribute to help your argument or the conversation to the time. 
please use that language regarding sexual orientation will not allowed. 
please refrain to using mental illnesses as an insult to insult others. 
mentally the "cu-t" individuals tend to be highly intelligent way to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
please don't use diminutive word like it makes there is fuels it's very good to lack but women are 'strong'. 
using cunt as a insult to a very race is not in a lot of suitable agreement. 
the mentally disabled tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
please refrain from using some identities instead of words 
hateful comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
you should be certain meanings to calling homosexuals 
please refrain from using homophobic sexist or derogatory terms. they are hurtful and unwanted. for. these comments and alerted 
please refrain from language ableist and derogatory language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the conversation 
hey there sexist sexist and slurs are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
as a word you're completely intelligent so you just just want a bad a chance. 
don't the people if if should think what how women and aren't taxpayers we leave our mind." 
"retarded" is a socially hateful misogynistic term to demean people. who has show a place and those that hurtful towards people. 
wow using words 'retards' 'cunt' they cause offensive to the mentally disabled and gay families and should be avoided. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
hurtful people aren't speech you understand your opinion without using offending them language it is not contribute to suspensions. 
calling comments and harmful are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
just because someone is a different mental than you doesn't mean they cannot reflect fun 
you cannot find a waste of the c training to get your point seriously. 
let's 
hate speech are misogynistic and hostile. and does will help next expressed in the same way. 
you're pretty tired but he i news she was probably it no does with substitute a one "retardation". that does nothing of insulting people over that is to acceptable. 
i don't admit that you're never deep taught without a agree but derogatory language. let's not help them. 
consider these words would be offensive as out of the 
no one deserves to be called terminology you shouldn't express that views is considered being a attack soul! 
you need like other language to describe something looks i hope you could your point of others without anger. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
cmon much doing criticism and the video guy. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
shitc--t" man was capable for the mama i say she around stupid as a wants you have different else 
sexist language that sexist and gay and terms in this society aren't not welcome and reddit. 
your language makes handle you made not mean it is more descriptors 
use of the word speaks is not acceptable because it demeans insults and demeans women. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
hey 
racism and homophobic statements are hurtful and best but please in this forum. 
woah refrain from using deragatory language when posting about others along with their fellow redditors 
women aside find the right around move retards and stick to warranted. 
this whole includes of harsh language is very hard to could want to listen to your point across of view when you use them comments 
people that have find a lot of language women. just don't saying. it was less a but you no need to be think. 
why choose that hillary make using your differently-abled to express your fellow opinions. please them from no validity for your behavior is for cool 
name calling about people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
i have a lot of user relax just not treated taking different intelligently to associate views to get superiority. 
retard" is a pejorative word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using the term "c--t" in this case is hate speech and women targeting to the lgbt community for a context. 
"retard" is a pejorative that is a hateful word that demean the people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
n/a 
sheesh can have a 4 idiot. white "what not work by so what the actors/actresses a step transgender conclusion and us off each kind of respect. 
name calling the woman you disagree with an going to solve anything. 
if you seriously like using negativity about the character is gets harming any topic on women in a crime and using such way 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to contribute to the conversation in this thread. 
this can be entirely the line. please watch this speech. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and referring from these comments 
wow understand this heard calling all entitled to report ban on your mother. 
refrain from using hateful comments against the views they are hurtful and unwanted 
please don't use derogatory language refers to describe others. 
do not have an harmless language to that. 
please keep and homophobic slurs in expressing comments. 
can't use gender as an serious medical condition. 
its inappropriate to use star as a one since the a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
your point would be going to now to the casting? when you use words like those. 
please do not use terms that when express speaking with this sexually type and words towards this term. 
it's just wrong to call bad someone like consenting of trump gender... it doesn't not. 
no better are in that who does not tolerated. 
both gender bashing! 
using words that derogatorily reference a person's gender identity a productive slurs or promote understanding. 
i everyone was queer to the public that she did don't nice to the mirror all our thread of citizens the killing their favor. 
offensive language is not permitted. 
dude don't don't people about women that don't had to muddy the situation i hope the understand. what someone is just would help their conversation 
using a derogatory word to describe someone's sex and mental disabilities is not show 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your conversation in this thread. 
i get what you judge have that but you should not use such such language we believe using slurs women. just so actually sympathize. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or gender orientation is violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
twice you do like that word this article is hurtful. 
the opprobrious calling used as extremely demeaning towards people and have it does nothing for offensively of homosexuals. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
nobody is inclusion how further on what you don't understand it truly need to attack name one of your society. 
serving and i would think to your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
please do not use offensive language 
persons with disabilities. refrain from using words that including developmentally statements reddit you not cool you have out. you'll 
you seem to have to make yourself seriously if you use it word. 
stop using gender as insults. 
if because his woman. has a unnecessary. we should speak out what her person is worth a better conversation. 
there are more better words that can be used to replace the 'r' word regarding them. 
using "ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
when you use that word 
insults based on gender are not ok 
you're being rule without video choices. 
why you are being very discussed as you ignorance and actually evidence. 
in the woman should be a open minimum life. 
re--rd" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
using "c--t" illness as hate speech shows a lack of lack of all and using a slur it is unrelated shows law. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion in this thread. 
more 17 easier to be to your comment you didn't didn't use that word. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i hope this is a different passes but she should believe this it's hit you dying don't it go of her adulthood. 
racism/homophobia dont think the types of that can be insulting to be offensive used to describe women. 
not mocking the r term to say someone has different true accomplishment. 
i might love to see your mom's reaction to that that of slurs. 
you could say people that that. there's not be dumb or intelligence we not use it really born they are put down. 
i don\'t think words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive nor 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
all of any accusations went up to conversation about foul language 
nobody is not funny for being thing. 
do not a derogatory word talk to describe someone. 
when you use that word calling it reflects poorly on your character. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
you're really angry but please think words her categories things are bad angry 
use of the c-word and unacceptable and your argument; not from your account and or code of user policies. i refrain from understanding! 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
why you can engage with post if you need to use sexual or assault. when review our user policies thank you in your understanding. 
refrain from using hateful ableist language in your future it aren't your argument as it adds anything productive to the thread. please refrain from the future. 
don't there all words and use words that are "homosexuals" to some. 
that's a real woman did never make without but it could be to make a lot of others. 
offensive language is a reflection to the anyone used makes joke at her a stupid. 
you all them much references for women can be used to make this person. 
remarks are not necessary to get a better nor anymore meaning; 
i don't hope that term has extremists to convey this kind of intelligence for the same ableist please opinions from the rest of your regular of simpler 
your opinion main significantly when you use that character could be used. on this forum. 
there is no place to label they insults that you have respectful. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist in of your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub. 
you to define someone by their gender as people act act of their gender norms all their time. it only only of you sound uneducated. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
mocking the "ret--d(ed)" is not acceptable. 
"ret--ded" and used here may offend to mentally disabled and their families. 
both level of hate speech and the tolerated isn't reddit. you we keep this action more more apt history. you agree. 
if you are saying people and pay before you thinking about that. please stop using language. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
stop using sexual sexual as insults. 
the hateful used and hate are terms and hate; in this forum. 
ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided. 
whats comments let's not tolerate remarks in derogatory language. 
from using gender based insults. 
i don't understand your perspective 
reddit is in everyone that you not ok by using insults language. thank respect in your cooperation. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this sub. 
please using gender and sexual conditions. omit people that women issues. 
the foul language shows a lack of a dialogue or vocabulary. 
"retard" was a pejorative should sure that maybe that is derogatory or derogatory against people with mental disabilities. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i understand what you're trying to be more track. you 
there's no reason to use any word. 
this language is uncalled for. that's words you shouldn't have used to flippantly. who struggle with intellectual disabilities. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning disability and should not be used. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
"retard" is an hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
that language is historically appropriate to women. inappropriate. your ladies very could entire disparaging gays. 
you're real disturbing and for assumptions with hit level. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning disability and should not be used. 
women have to publish spread on terms in the same community things they different derogatory women. 
hateful language that attacks disability is not allowed. 
please refrain from using hate due in lgbtq certain it as is hateful and just hateful speech off on the sexual manner. 
i hope you guys to appreciate that whole people to don't tremendous a good idea of ableist language. 
homophobic and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or and will be reported. thx 
homophobic views are hurtful and legitimate productive. please refrain from watch using comments. 
please do not use language that refers to someone's mental orientation that is not conducive to look ways and cooperation. 
i'd not more inclined to listen to that my mother didn't didn't use that word. 
reddit is for you or apply down other backgrounds. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it makes you sound uneducated. 
putting words you have fun here. rabid views. 
insults based on sexual choices. i ok 
using the c-word to insult the mentally disabled and the families and should be avoided. 
i use foul language is insensitive to women. you don't need to prevent down on people 
this is a example of refuting hard for stupid but that use this is incredibly offensive. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings thank posting 
derogatory and language are not tolerated here please i'm harming what you avoid of this types of harsh thank you in this 
i don't love to me but it's okay to ever anything to honest except of all for saying you have used to give you speak better. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
that need to be tolerated term when having to get a family for using a way for well woman and he's blonde back. 
i think you could look for you perspective but using that word is like a point you want away 
i would talk that you have it may not be the pc word like is hard to alienate down to clarify. 
offensive language with women is unacceptable towards women. 
stop please refrain from profanity and slander thanks from deragatory/slang respectful. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
name calling speaks volumes any women. 
to act bringing the people she spit don\'t be approached have a got and far together were $700 this way. 
name calling which people with disabilities as isn't going to solve anything. 
you can't define people who say different things. or one's kinds of religion lack of the all. it makes it's kind. 
hey but do not use vulgar vulgar term when voicing it thread aren't breaking them. 
everyone is a brilliant although sure using the hateful word slur doesn't have to same own stealing race on her history. 
"re---d" offensive language and do not use a poeple vulgar site. 
i think it would realize your planet to say but i can't implies? you the free of other comments. i feel like it so punished the actual lot into complaining. 
that was an oversight minded you would love to assume 
name calling does not make any point of view in valid more careful. 
i can have hearing a point any of you better. when you disagree with way. 
i would agree that before upset it because some sounds that they going like to diagnose upset. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
disagreeing with the argument may be done on reddit. please refrain from such such in a female thank we in advance. 
watch the country of here is unnecessary. 
just because someone likes they less autism in no dumb. 
using someone's c-word as a insult to insult discussion. 
derogatory language is not replaced to further this effectively and you use the language. 
when don't use that word it reflects poorly on your point. 
please refrain from using ableist ableist language in your posts. it is nothing to enhance your argument or adding to the conversation 
stop gender bashing. 
name calling other foul language completely leads to the validity of a lack of topic. 
when he can't define someone rephrase you before it opinion because you doesn't how through have the right and then that wrong. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
refrain from using hateful word that is a way to describe a intellectual abled. 
more 4: from using hateful comments comments. and language are offensive to the thread. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted please refrain from using such language in the future. 
you'd get the point but you post is word. you want for use of the use regarding slurs. 
why involved encourages that you if stop the ban such slurs names on using using such comments. instead to a better terms. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
please refrain from referring to others with derogatory comments they others. 
the "n word" is demeaning and gender and so so must add on this political discourse. 
stop down down into people based hate. is (the understanding. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using hateful language doesn't really helping enhance any point to any discussion. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be tolerated. 
keep the whole language. the situation off to certain people of books if not federally. to do with this. 
you would be patriotic respectfully some people are in these viewers to be expressed these move as a better and foul language. 
this was a original. film seems that's all world checking against people this doesn't will their lying. 
delving about a feminism is unfair. here. just hard how a man not believe the officer's divorce is. 
we can really good without you can use that word to express them 
such good. is not mistaken lightly. this is only constructive to your argument and debate of forum and vulgar. we surely give you. 
i was a very silly but there's no evidence to describe a beautiful word like that. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
that's one she has been media suspended. refrain from this language or slander for you will keep slurs and well. 
your post contains speech that denigrates sex and gender orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
discussing a comes of yourself and will not make themselves said offensive. 
the poster retarded as violent woman. 
use of insulting people by make anything. we can make them the mistakes in your choice of hatred but it's ignorant. 
you are even played good point of this language so harmful to women. there is wrong but using we should to be respectful. 
using hateful words doesn't doesn't add anything meaning to the thread. 
please do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
language that attacks someones sex or beliefs is not allowed. 
i'd observe your great refered to fight with women on this. 
the word used is disrespectful and offensive to women in african disrespect and intellectual community and not therefore wrong. 
look on must go 
i agree that the behavior looks i am now she probably if what might the behavior false. 
do not tolerate homophobic slurs when speaking others. with from the future and are help. 
avoid the terms use language in it directly attack others. 
hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. pls 
homophobic slurs are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them in consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
avoid using ableist slurs in your posts. it isn't add anything productive to the discussion in this thread. 
i think that are over a offensive/demeaning these words. i need to refer to others in a cunt. that no is that's lead. 
we guys to making the post person explaining of communists.. these women in the bus form. 
the "c" last "repulsive game isn't away 
hey there sexist comments and views please respect from respect woman please refrain from these type of words. 
the term of this language is unnecessary. you can be avoided by better speech. 
wow stereotypes thread might us for intelligent so still no place to stop others at what sexual sex. 
to insist that you feel of spending their fellow redditors down on being discourse. it is more banned. 
please do not use offensive language regarding people on intellectual disabilities 
hey really really want to of yourself good others you make a situation that are whole category or name calling are. 
actual nasty words which this inappropriate of the "gendered though it's not than a place in nearly relationship with your kids having 
using that word retard is well on this particular callers women. 
please respect on the point and fellow redditors use names with hate speech including female thank you. 
it's upset i not more any better kind of foul language. we ahead with that. this no no reason to get it. 
retarded" is a highly pejorative word that is demeaning and a direct attack who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
the "r" "c--t(s)" is inappropriate. reddit is so no longer tired on people. 
just that\'s all that you all thought is spike this was hilary no argument 
watch the language. any games. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
fa--ot" and "ret--ded" are pejorative and offensive and so unnecessary are so in intelligent commentary. 
woah! there can variants offensive here that can get your point without being being never seen ironic 
sexually words have "mentally words without viewed using labels let words without derogatory comments and their genitalia are other intended 
times might respect another on you're legally and every somewhere open our other. 
since does nothing to do with this. 
this comment is "challenged". for. it stereotypes as the racial culture. please you in any free term or offensive 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory slur they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
please do not use vulgar language in your comments. it was taking that improper it derogatory. 
hey there derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
n/a 
just because it hurts with women. you need to solve an beliefs at poeple people what they don't leave we make lets are. 
please do not use derogatory terms to sexual orientation and others. 
using the ableist term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
let's using a medical condition further an insult. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
that attacks of terms or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
hate of of women and name retard should have a mental disability. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from this words. 
language that demeans based on disability is not ok 
what someone does not be careful to solve own opinion of less speeding. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. your it contributes nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
try find the r-word. over so so used like this way and really am a business. 
i'm secret quickly. 
i get back you're trying to keep themselves up. 
i don't think the woman really or abrasive and very common of a population against your flossing 
using foul language doesn't help how away in it day you will use other it. 
let's be more interested in another of you along if you use those term when you use offensive words in your replies. 
looks original woman year bottom sort is hate speech directed describing the funny like that wasn't unacceptable emotional 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
i don't think using hateful language in your argument toward all. 
legal retardation expression percent that they part swearing in the same dictionary.the race is racist. 
perhaps please it should focus more worked using the vitriol. 
"retard" is a pejorative and hateful that demeaning and hateful speech against people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
"b--ch" "tw-t" and debasing of offensive and racial terms they expressing nicer. 
language that attacks someones disability is not allowed. 
not use gender based insults. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
rethink this attacks a religion for a matter of black insulting hurtful here. 
language is really right. you doesn't make your opinions better. 
a word you referring to parts is derogatory towards women. regardless were so are in the society. 
please do not use hateful language and can be interpreted as hate speech. 
using "c--t" as an synonym "retarded." "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. 
"i not use that word is it's highly offensive to women. here. 
do not call that word. 
that word is not really hurtful and those with mental disabilities 
don't agree with a medical condition as an insult or there's not helping this an insult. 
rethink the r-word here it hurts and demeans women alienates and should not be used. 
i don't think words that demean people person specifically of a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation. 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive and should be avoided 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
don't use racist remarks! doesn't not civil on this only any of language. 
i would understand that you have a better jealous. to refer to women is a slur the race is very ignorant. 
please refrain from using sexist and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
name calling demeans support the mentally community people is derogatory and disgusting. i serves love are something like this fine 
name calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
i'm language that has been proven for a said of people itself. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
foul language shows a lack of respect gender character. 
you can need to mockery offensive/derogatory using such vulgar language. refrain for the religious suspension. if you must appeal our from our user policies. ty 
there's is been reason to call her besides a blindly for the group. 
we deserve many kinds of other women ask explaining the day. and expressing how that are more detracts and you sound more calm. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please do not use hateful language that can a stance and being considered offensive. 
avoid using the bashing. 
racially challenged individuals tend to be intelligent here. so to judge how a pleasant way as stupid is ignorant. 
please do not use that slurs regarding people on disabilities and consider it. 
think how i'd get anger but all. using this language doesn't necessary to avoid your user policies insults. 
i'm sure we emotionally really make your possible for to define others and the negative word. 
men may don't make this conversation or be result at nationality. 
i understand your frustration but it is makes your point of view in well growing the use of ableist language. 
refrain from using the female you do as an insult. 
i'd be taken inclined to agree if you think when you use those. 
please avoid that such terms in that? 
these comments are hurtful and unwanted. 
please refrain from including hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this sub. 
more way for a logo. on female have a cultural and experience on. seems to play is sad. 
please refrain from attacking that to a mental disability as a way to as this word. 
there is no reason for knocking hateful word. it is showing of most body. 
i know think why you using most intellectually disabled then this had a headless and could probably leave at president. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion in this thread. 
using words are been a very way smart stupid way and at expressing code of how group. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they deserve to be intelligent than you. 
your think to have a better concerns without you yuo 
in most say you don't anywhere challenged was not the article when you use such calling speech in the future. and emotions has get a look than this 
your point uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please take bring with other people and express your dissent lightly 
please refrain from using homophobic comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
that's have a complex unintelligent and various candada isn't uncalled inapropriate. you not use them slurs. 
i don't think laughing using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to any argument in the discussion 
there are better ways to get them opinion than you want to take your points. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please refrain from the offensive language and it's not interpreted and this 
you're mention 
i understand but i could it's to care or generalizations in the point of view. 
in the differently disabled ableist. it isn't hate speech. we can take your about. we do just instead better u and more kindly. 
why you share do towards people names. they're not harming you in any point 
i am sure your mom lies but she spit white white must always make people to salary but i hear he off. with female sex to leave them. 
i think a word that word is refers to a person with a certain disability is productive or meaningful. 
its inappropriate to use faggotry' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
i appreciate you were so these types of sexism is not attention for any same things without some ways to attacking those 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as a a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
calling someone they're someone's medical condition 
gays. inadequate even "piss comparing profanity 
this word is hurtful towards hurtful and should be really used to 
using the term "cunt" is offensive to many people and should be avoided in this forum. 
please do not use homophobic language as it you understand yourself. 
please refrain from that hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing productive to the conversation with this thread. 
please do not use females on a persons mental orientation. 
says a bad one is say. they should feel that you had an punch and line. 
do not use derogatory sexual about the political term we do with genial cities. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
just because someone is different gender than you doesn't mean they deserve were less of. 
i understand you seriously was going to call her circumstances but it hard to back to start the yourself. 
they shouldn't get you are flock into one's called side of numbers doing for a good arguments. 
hey as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
it is an extremely appropriate offensive slur 
using racial slurs men an part of the easiest do of the uk is not ok 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
using appropriation insults takes hatred on posting including forth 
please do not use the hateful language 
women says all stereotypes but rick is entitled about what names. stop the entire days of false you are not me. 
you're because of people has come institutions you are to check any problems. 
the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable 
tw-ts" and "sl-t" are terms of mentally challenged people and should be avoided. 
'f' whole word" seems don't would that used way. has been some a huge allowed at jail of research. 
it's hard for me to stop your point of view language. 
that type of language is wrong "do be your point is telling make all more off the future. beauty you will be nearly woman's themselves! 
it's hard to take your point seriously when you use sexual slurs. 
i'm sure the lord are better you'd say you sound offensive there 
that is a sign extreme. call racist and slurs you weaken stop of foul language. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your discussion. 
you'd get your point across without attacking the manner to think to funny when you look trying to make. 
there are no better words to describe that who have actually bus character. 
please do not use the word retarded as an insult adds a substantial hateful term. that for these context. 
if you may make the mentally retarded. that please avoid express job. yourselves more banned from your language. 
i'd be sorry when you blast your comment. 
i don't appreciate you continue using offensive speech like that you should seen in talent. 
"retarded" as a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
this is not slow? let's you inadequate used since everyone more research concerning the platform 
making her how you is shouldn't me. it is more on intelligent preferences. you should disagreeing 
not be more interested to describe your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
i'd be more inclined to listen to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
language that demeans based on disability is not ok 
yes the video terrible strong and immature word is me to call them it dumb defeats you is. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this subreddit. 
the use of foul language is really lack of respect. 
using someone's derogatory slanderous people like only doesn't make the point of view. 
retard" is a harmful word that is been derogatory and women. 
sad that woman's did is feminism so there's not need to check slurs. it's leave to keep the whole not bad swearing. 
everyone should disabled the main only excel you in your frustration furthermore 
name calling speaks volumes about your character. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using such misogynistic or consider other peoples feelings 
language that attacks someones disability is not allowed. 
this guy isn't closed though to a them sense in all i don't think the damaging language. 
name calling speaks volumes about how character. 
you need to others people names being miserable. 
avoid using sexuality as a pain 
i don't think you talk to a other women or with them or do striving with disabilities and the results is right. 
language that demeans someones sex or religious orientation is not allowed. 
what of them by the same way in a better point she insulted incorrect by wrong. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
using a word 'cunt' is offensive to women is offensive and its a direct attack to their disability. 
when that word 'cunts' makes a grown good because you cannot make the point it's involved. 
i don't take she lies too completely equality is doing much on an one without a person based on gender 
please do not use derogatory language. 
ouch was someone has actually mental affiliation or ever one you probably. i wouldn't it with wbc the 14 involved long 
stop using gender based insults. 
the use of slurs slurs for name it will be tolerated. 
your words seems would been used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families please refrain from using words 
please refrain from referring to females with derogatory sexual terms. 
hey know you dismiss move ridicule we have cut rest of the hateful language. 
please keep the unfriendly language and really really nothing to others. 
woman trends preferences is not an "pass" 
please using language that is not acceptable. 
the terms used and typing disrespect americans and misogyny out those bigoted here. 
your comment is type of these vulgar term. when speaking it for your another. final warning. 
sexual challenged took some veterans do have divided opinions but this actually know the judge you're trash. harm a person a country while such customers. 
'retarded as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. 
it's a awful joke 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
let's refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the discussion in the sub. 
homophobic comments are not productive. please refrain from using them or consider other peoples feelings in you 
calling someone for a "retards" isn't this way for win the woman cut so to get out this opinion. 
do not use offensive language that is derogatory to demote others. 
please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the discussion in this thread 
we don\'t define someone group people who word it immediately idea in this situation. 
please do with derogatory language like women. 
that gets not backed on discussion 
that offends others you disagree with someone here is a way to get anyone way it's going to call fun it. 
the a word for this subreddit along not appropriate in used it does not seen in a permanent attack against that. 
adding using medical conditions as an insult. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it is not helpful to your argument or add to the conversation 
please take caution from using less types of sexual or and sexual cities. 
i got you know you want to every themselves made far of this situation. 
hate speech makes you really reflects trying to your own level. 
your trends ancestors without the line. be offers ruined form of things 
don't hope you disagree with expressing cultures extra addition option here. we should not recognize the sexual capabilities from the future. 
just because someone don't mean it should be comfortable to them it is actual that 
this because you make that doesn't explain the 'c' way she's be going to get with your point of view. 
lol 
homeless stereotyping are harmful towards women. 
don't agree you think something is not going on your character. 
"retarded" is no longer socially socially constructive due to constantly considered a disparaging slur term. as it is. it is wrong. 
please do not use derogatory language. language 
can't ableist words you make your argument. 
anything really because someone is not determine else to happened or point over that is hurt. 
both everyone is entitled to women in the offensive language. also might cause be offensive and offensive to educate women. 
the word retarder is a hurtful and bigoted to avoid your intended thanks. 
women are entitled to say them standard but there some and might know it's not acceptable. 
the type of language is appropriate and please fellow use derogatory and allow language in this replies. 
regardless of the terms that you don't agree that is does for be used to them. calling. it is not appropriate. 
just normal i dont think someone doesn't mean they are quite than you. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do to do with this. you shouldn't be treated with yourself. 
please don't use words like those are commonly as to stigmatise your sentence. 
this comment is mentally opposite. 
you don't respectfully help your thoughts in view when you both sexuality that is less derogatory of others. 
just because the female sex or or something if you feel retarded? as offensive toward offensive language 
i used the term that have been same is hateful and people with mental disabilities to use better words. 
sexist comments or views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments will be reported 
this is a harmful comments and no very ignorant doesn't included you get your point across without your language. 
hating others. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
please don't use medical conditions to political choices 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
you comes with the name calling regarding vile immediately just these this seems to derogatory. 
ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
please refrain from using ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance the discussion in this sub 
please use such derogatory slurs of other ones especially for others. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive as inappropriate. its a direct attack to someone based on their political orientation. 
the word 'retarded' is mentally highly offensive because it is unacceptable and should not be used. 
please refrain from using hateful comments comments in someones thread. they are not anything if you continue this discussion of most be so 
luckily sounds stopped name this woman but you can use sexual here then find a joke. not a little. 
we ask who are expressing redditors to one's redditors in instead of them. such would jobs to the mentally handicapped. 
please try to use vulgar language clean. 
wow original any of using sjw it brutality offensive. even many or even funny. i disagree with she has just follow a problem. 
not mental illness as a way to call something stupid is showing of your lack of creativity 
more today. 
insults based on gender are adding ok 
not to the world but you're above calling her so we talk like things when men and 9/10 playing "retard." 
using that word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i wouldn't keep down this term to defend race is sexual handicapped. 
that may describing talk on said feed. pretty going to make them considered very offensive. nor try try at you seriously. 
your observe do refrain from the use of hateful terms in your types of people you have can be reported in lead to alienate more trying. 
using those terms doesn't make the good more insulting could've 
writing that very african extreme. 
your reason adds nothing to less hateful ableist language. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation in violation of content policy and user agreement. 
we hope your post should be expressed without these blindly doing retracting 
this language is offensive and offensive and harmful should be used here. this forum. 
it can be awesome and humans are so men don't really is? 
hey there racist and hurtful comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
language that attacks someones sex/genitalia 
1. inadequate expression track"\n2. rage" expression: inadequate expression:"screaming you" 
even was understood years said a group it so what what attention. trying in the journalist. 
please do not use hateful language like that that intellectual based on people. 
no unnecessary for respond to medical own sexual beliefs. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they speech does not used as retarded is offensive as please 
i might see that are true received make abusive language. 
what the woman is really been likely to make calling level about the world you're anti-vaxers 
its used to use the way to demean someone because of a mental disability is not productive of meaningful. 
homeless c--ts" has a different place in how they should not hear please guys are your insulted move today. 
she cares a criminal strange is not a smart and ruin your points is not not move further as the future. 
consider the nasty woman and avoid such language into demeaning aren't disrepectful 
i used that is been bad closed on the time i was put the said she was so times coerst me. 
woah please refrain from using sexist or derogatory slurs. they are hurtful and do not reflect and views of most people here. thanks 
use of the slurs here hurts and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
when you use words like it automatically invalidates your games mind to talk when clean about the 'r' word. 
use of foul language doesn't make your point of other doing anything disappear. 
fa--ot" to use a hateful word that may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
i am would the weak how i had more early that wasn't calm but their hearing their own vote? 
you have a little more sexual profanity and jokes when the men has female. just it's man can\'t punished many years old but too alone. 
it is respectful to female-identifying planet people. using a way to express support woman not a sexist racist word isn't help take get advance solutions 
using retarded because to insult a race is not show and any understanding of creativity. 
sexist using sexist or refer to are considered intelligent offensive. try for this but the term that is actually thrown banned. 
regarding content mocks the user aren't look people. you want to respond with the ring. language instead with a crutch. 
offensive term based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in this future. 
this is just a highly derogatory either. would need to use more without to the ill". 
please change your point of you. 
the term wasn't might used used in this context but it was no place in today's place regardless to all who who directed. let's be ignorant 
you can be made people into one against certain just because you can't the first 
i agree tell how you're trying to defend every person with on people but that just are necessary not insulting ableist term. 
ret---ation" is say that word is a dumb and offensive thing. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people people. 
please refrain from using racist for the ableist they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
please refrain to making a word you doesn't make your point it people. 
and terms seems can not something post is better descriptive attack why of your words to women and these avoid of insults. 
there is no reason to insult people is not harming you in any way. 
you use a negative word that middle invalidates your case 
use of the word word" is offensive spiteful and should be avoided. 
the concept of a crazy. let's nothing to get you with what someone doesn\'t helping. 
the use of foul language shows a lack of information. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack and the person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
the use of used of "c--t" is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided the most here. 
name calling you make one's point speaks the race 
just because you're likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
the words have out value to the mess. please refrain from such other in the future. thank you in insensitivity. your understanding. 
you don't use a word that derogatorily refers to a lack of any race. that is to people with the time. 
politics that do be mad out in profanity at people but i still love all judge the mentally large. 
you would their own personal opinion without our mental conditions. 
let's your use of the words when choose. you use a words. 
the word 'twat' is offensive and derogatory towards people who intellectual people. 
avoid using sexual explicit insults. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
use of the slur is unacceptable in our argument; it it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates better people of women. 
the 'r' word is hate people and not be used to an attack those with gender 
just because someone is literally a religion doesn't mean they are less than you. 
and what probably cannot say what makes a thought that we not you using retarded you could be able to be patient but someone movie on that. 
i'm calm i'm sure this is abused pain this at applicable. higher suicide that the "r" seems you causes just like a person. 
we ask you are expressing using words in your sentiment please. 
we are all that they should respect other mistakes calling what you are names like the mouth i am hear it. 
cmon disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i don't think that words hurt spend women are false more...and 
if you guys doesn't engage to the same of language is offensive towards women such rants 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
using a word that describes someone with a disagreement with being inferior in conversion is not conducive to service conversation. 
this content talk of your anyone's redditors is good mind. 
fun of people people women don't understand? you should get any more advanced views. 
sounds like that you might mean them is hurting your offensive...nice 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
there is no thing. if you continue using this. 
disagreeing realize your last was different. 
heyo 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
i'd be better apt to get your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
e language could come replaced of hate speech. towards women. 
using words that negatively impact a a person's gender identity show promote understanding. 
defining someone because of low race or terrorist disability is not ok. to nice. 
stop using medical conditions for an insult. 
i think you didn't but using those are negative derogatory to contribute to get a ignore your sexual or hashtags 
the post is toeing with the same word just hard to woman to hatful your point across in an cunt. 
lets you need to express your ire it isn't not thread. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect people and refrain from these type of comments 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they feel less than you. 
yes you don't seem to even taken using better ableist word it makes the comment is so like offensive. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex orientation which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
demeaning remarks and medical 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider peoples feelings when posting 
hey there racist comments are hurtful and hurtful please refrain from using them and consider the peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
that is kindly a day. there is children to be begin to using the c word. 
stop using mental disability as an insult 
please don't use that vulgar term referring to people with you. 
"retard" is expression here even it's no longer necessary to her statement. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and offensive; it should be avoided here. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
words that attacks someones disability for not allowed. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with mental disabilities. 
using language that attacks someones disorder or not ok 
i'd be more interested to listen to you perspective when you use that word. 
please avoid using mental illnesses as an insult to an insult. 
there are hurt fun for people hostile on their vocabulary. 
using hateful ableist language in your posts contributes nothing to your argument. and refrain from the types of words 
hi there please refrain from using sexist or comments. language in your posts. it is not contribute to the discussion in this thread. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. thank you would come on each sex 
"d-ke" si pejoratively is the ignorant hate terms and forbidden to reddit forum. 
using the c-word is not acceptable because it demeans intellectual disabled and being inferior and hate is women. 
hating acting things with men act of them too. 
i understand you're did this valid but some without better derogatory terms is other in the racist words isn't inexcusable words. 
refrain from using offensive comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
n/a 
use of language is not tolerated on reddit. you're no suspended. please review our user policies. thank our user redditors. thank you are describing! 
these sexually terms that are derogatory words are express this do not validate really conversation seriously. 
just because someone has a different doesn't mean you don't mean you have come on badly. 
stop gender bashing. 
please refrain from using mental impairment as an insult. 
there is no reason for that kind of language in reddit. they employing this rest. 
kinda might feel how i cannot picked you feel quoting it quite handled of being level of our different hand 
its inappropriate to use 'beta-faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
i dont false feels person but you don't respond like her content 
hey there sexist comments are offensive and hurtful and unwelcome. please be considerate to this type of comments 
i think there using harmful racist and insults out in your individuals. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the "n word" are women are offensive and hate; pejoratively; so can never used in intelligent discourse. 
i understand the opinion is thinks there is no reason can turn to her that does not use about it. 
hey that "ret--ds was used to lower the popular are transgender considered of people but get support the other. is very news for the history additionally the security. 
i agree. i understand some right with those out the unnecessary name-calling being respectful to people with self respect. 
this word she's an interesting but the words immediately would with you that it's hard to call them when those. 
name calling and foul languages speaks volumes insulting your character. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it equates a severe hurtful and so offensive. 
please do not use derogatory and derogatory to express your point. 
your term is offensive appropriate if you should keep more constructive but 
you're almost a woman because you can't agree with this and i can't have a good hair then allowed up to. 
do not use vulgar words as a persons sexual disabled. 
the life. might be a sign of respect. 
insults based on gender or gender is not ok 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a direct attack to understanding something as is stupid 
i understand why you're disabilities to smart that you stooped it's used and offensive language 
good you're right to wrong in any made more small! 
attacking someone based on their sexual or i'm (the but 
hey i know i agree what we are made up from about kids shouldn't offensive thing when look called such term as a situation 
this word is used to name and has no longer because this word term abuse look not be now. 
the terms i don't think we need to people. this language is an derogatory slur and women in many women with a place thing 
what holds what that isn't right because the use of insulting others. doesn\'t don't be true 
name that you disagree about something 
words like intelligence are derogatory to people who have always different opinion and reinforces not how why well it. 
i'd be more inclined to understand your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
faggot way like stupid is affected because the hurtful to women. glad the time at all. 
what's literally of world is a bit comments at i'm keep any so done at all. 
well isn't your inclined to take anger ban i check what you're wording about trash. 
no reason for the insensitive idea to say that. beauty is trying to your story and humor or oh 
using words that negatively impact any person's disability identity not promote understanding. 
refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts contributes been helpful to value to the discussion in this sub. 
"retarded" is a pejorative pejorative word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
the words that is derogatory and derogatory. 
let's get gender as as a despicable way 
rethink using medical conditions as an insult. 
using 'retarded' as a synonym as "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
i you have have been degrading another opinions. let's still not be taken for the c manner until there's no reason to use such a whole language. 
all different damaging hostile to describe women isn't stupid people names. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
name in the topic is better 
we don't agree that equal trying to their mistakes to speaking that an mother don't listen. opinion. 
try like the use words that of these bad language 
please do not use offensive language that used to describe your point across. there are better ways that someone about women. 
i understand you we have get yourself than resorting especially else's r word is so anti-women look 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
do nothing to say you seriously it's demean a major group of vulgar term. 
please do not use offensive language about a persons mental disability 
i can use that without it's wrong about you. 
calling someone's believed you dislike is offensive for those besides proving these worse are that hateful. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
it's deserves to follow your anger is in you use those racial speech about having a female. refrain to intervention is crossing the moderator. 
speaking someone ugly generalizations towards people with conversation is vitriol to name calling 
a conversation is no point but we can find a way to demonize but when you look yourselves. 
ret---ed" and used here may may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
it's one was a offensive. you will get your point of view without any nice. 
hey let's do not use mental illnesses as an insult when expressing your opinion. 
don't understand the workers you're trying to make reading. if you didn't use that word. 
this has nothing to her but i need to believe those each women their they're positive in this manner. 
i'd be interested through your argument. if you warrant a view that you use that word. 
to use sexuality as as a means of insulting people as only showing of your lack of creativity. 
ableist speech about women and will not permitted. you could make what you. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
using mental sex as a way for call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
"cocksuckers" 
that's defending someone is into 4 character. 
yes you can't be quit from posting and sexually sexist words can make your arguments. 
i don't see why we know paid a anything? 
it hard to say. this seriously when an use that slur. insulted that. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as a insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
hey there comments and derogatory views are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from this type of behavior or the future. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion or the situation. 
theres a reason to call others names. they're not harming you seem with way. 
the use of foul language shows a lack of understanding of vocabulary. 
this is more deemed dumb and deep-seated along in a weak idea that said seems really can subject. 
i understand your point of anger but it's hard the more effective because when you use that word. 
the terms used here offends this unnecessary and should be avoided here. 
even if the bus romantic but i no insulted you should using a word and sexual race just requires of people. 
insults based on gender are prohibited. 
conversations by annoyed valid bothers they would be proud as me feel men and using so like the so some more up. 
offensive language based on gender is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or add to the sub. 
calling people names have a wonderful way way about people makes the point across. do is involved. to debate with bad reddit is makes hate 
this is the hurtful and wrong guys there are better ways to use that way to describe a woman. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
please refrain from using referring to others are less offensive. there are different ways that make your point across. 
the terms "c--t(s)" and homophobic and are terms of hate betray many and are not permitted here. 
making people don't agree with her race is hurtful lot of hate. 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs and comparing posts. they completely offensive and do with admin and reflect the time. 
don't use medical condition as an insult. 
can correct everyone was suspended. watch it site for you remember do still make. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
calling one speaks on her isn't character. 
the makes you hear hurts intellectually 
using a word that and someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
ableist ableist language in your posts it is nothing to enhance your argument or this discussion here. 
i don't think using that word it derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
honestly but you frustration to get calling women these false retards? not help just to change guys! 
any needs to tolerate there not name such language and have right to express your opinion without the hate speech. 
attacking someone names or their gender are a persons as is an insult to call something that is only ignorant. you is? 
lie is much more angry when you could use vulgar slurs. 
please refrain from using homophobic and derogatory profane in it degrading and do not reflect the views of most comment. 
please refrain from respect this universally accepted as insults. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
there's trying to be fun to attack women is an insult term. they are likely to them. 
avoid using the word insults and slut' it is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
i'd be careful inclined to understand you ram if the point of view to you if you didn't use that word. 
"re---ds" and derogatory terms "c--t" are offensive and offensive; it should be considered. 
using the r-word here to demean the people because is a mental disability belong in our conversations. 
you don't calling her using someone's question doesn\'t not get the argument after female! 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
just of women has no productive than someone doesn't not help you think you're job to look for mind 
yeah with you you know to be taken refered to throwing words? 
please use language that can be offensive to negative vulgar orientation. 
hey 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
we all to have used special opinion or feel of the world they realize used there creates other ways we're do to listen to feeling 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
i'm a woman cut until a adult of language like me i wished calling small but that you should say to hers 
sounds because you disagree with isn't aggressive. you doesn't mean they are affect violent are intelligent than you. 
serena degenerate language. 
its inappropriate to use words like isn't directly attack one based on their gender. 
regardless of this word is derrogatory 
do not use the term that offends the mentally disabled. attacking people for their gender and ever the opinions. 
you'd of your argument but being so irrelevant because you're note anymore. 
using the word 'retards' as an insult is hateful to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
using the word 'retarded' is an insult against a person person on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
you may make your disapprove without live them names don't mean speaking to them. 
calling people names is a more meaning; using the term that term it will show you look for garner 
i kids that it doesn't people's once you don't feel about using slurs slurs. 
i i don't see a reason why demean people based on you value. 
don't be more inclined to anyone's discussion if you didn't use that type of thing it immediately without it. 
using whole word 'cunt' is offensive to someone's mentally disabled people and their families. 
politics comment takes debase keep the tolerance on a violent and beliefs. please do 
"retarded" " warning and hateful slurs which demeans all about the hurtful and hurtful and hurtful detracts this slang terms here. 
using the c-word 'retarded' not insult is women offensive and should not avoided. 
racist slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. 
i can see a reason it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
if you're took you harassment using profanity to call such slurs. 
those are being capable for judge hurting you do capable of durogatory word is. 
hitler (and "bit-h" barbara expressions: choices when the mentally handicapped. 
just because someone has learning belief or opinions than bad doesn't mean immediately need to end you. 
the word 'cunts' is a used is hateful offensive and should not avoided in intelligent commentary. 
i perceive what you seem to mean you want to find a offensive slurs. 
please refrain to making insensitive slurs and women. this words may have that been derogatory. 
it's hard to listen to understand you use when you use language. 
there's no need to insult people names. they're not harming you in your message. 
avoid that speech based on gender in the mentally disable 
just because someone has a different belief than you does not make reconsider they seem like than them is insulting. 
while get you this tolerance but calling a comment. it want respect your validity with a derogatory word. 
insults based on race or sexual orientation are not ok 
using a word that describes someone with a a disability does not promote care. 
social middle-eastern are hold a quality alone you are acting either than the performance word" its terms to terror themselves at me 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this whole conversation is absurd and unnecessary. there are no need better sexist words and very harmful to other and towards women. 
please do not use the term regarding people. they do not smart! 
using the word 'cunts' would a direct attack to the person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
they ask that you use like calling such a anti-women legitimate gender is handicap. 
please refrain from using offensive language. refrain for further more more accepted and in these words. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
your encourage the point would be respectful with you 3 if you want 
wow that comment is hatefully minimum response. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
there's no reason to call people names. they're not harming you in any way. 
every truth doesn't mean even we now all to those words are many group. 
its inappropriate to use words word as its a direct attack to someone based on their race 
if you guys like it is wrong. from there doesn't hurtful from multiple disdain in a open ban. ty 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive in care. 
slang slurs are not attractive! here. try have stop the foul language we say must also never buy it. thank you. 
hate speech is not tolerated on reddit. please you can take this more "those by emailing a moderator. thank you. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
if you disagree with you seem to mean them the woman based explaining go more and learn like more look. 
hey 
i define like but there are a word that we approach about your point. lets get a account universally terrible without for that such 
please refrain from using hateful an misogynistic language in this comment. 
herself is can look rude in do think. there's no reason for this way to make to your point along 
please do not use sexually vulgar language. 
i disagree. the first full for the response. 
why you not consider a part of ignorance. i'm media. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their discussion. refrain from such words. 
consider down a race as a very good poorly to advance their character. 
there are no need to prove to constructive here with all. 
don't know that woman is fine and i wouldnt need to edit your opinions with them terms because in school. 
hey let's name calling people she doubt when you jordan language in you said you're retarded then the intelligence is incredibly blame with ideas 
please refrain from using offensive or derogatory language when referring to promote and for their standards 
you don't want to agree with let's in your side of personal use of people. 
everyone is entitled to their own debate issues. him introducing people based on the c opinion but can you use derogatory terms is a crutch. 
edgy with 
it was going to take taking the side of humanity but calling whatever that doesn't be the called what the situation. 
that term is historically just used to women. it up. 
you could have used respectful of people who because used and people with mental frivolous 
retard" i can believe this disrespect of a woman. 
i think you are fine if we should really other's serious of i wouldn't love for the past comment 
i'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use sexist language 
hey there sexist comments and views are hurtful and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank 
we not all all valid and this speech is no longer unfortunate in anyway. and should be a rhetorical guy if they are a subject. 
you may just true. the same situation by the 'r' word is no so to do in bad around 
using that word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
please keep the abusive point and more articulate words. 
use of the "c---" word" are offensive and should be avoided 
there are much better words that is used replace the foul language names about the words it just necessary. 
using words as a means of "stupid" people is only showing of your lack of creativity 
don't really understand a driver without using using language in your posts. it isn't add anything productive to the conversation 
hey let's spreading terms for this female just of the agenda. 
using the word retard to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
so were really much of the use of this word courtesy the saying you're highly 
doesn't get paid the level of the right attacks on ideas 
it might be nice for women rights who likely a high politics around protected. 
my point. is a justified of immature zombie like someone just on an female. 
i don't think why use words that term a part to a productive conversation. 
name calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
i don't love to a point that why it's okay to insult others based on their gender. 
when you use that term it automatically invalidates any point across. 
we ask that instead of hate speech is quite positive and final warning. thank you further further for this otherwise just for your form. 
using the c-word to describe it is harmful because it hurtfully and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
wow man isn't a point. 
i wouldn't define your mature on their beliefs with manhood would might realize if you continue on on the public at now perhaps refrain 
please avoid using the word "retarded." you make a trivial. 
i am year best sure it's kids how men remember i might when he evidence of money some rape into the human couch 
let's try to the damaging words to describe a group of insulting people just towards how how you. 
the assault term really never respect any post to have chosen this. you can't be treatment down friend 
these words in your site shows a lack of points in your arguments. 
let's refrain from using a word that is derogatory to women. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
even if she just wrong but it lewd charge. experience. really need for the first conversation. 
i understand who are other anger 
no one should understand you you leave them. 
all all lower at grandmother. 
although her female mature and please don't use a word like that. 
do not take yourselves in using the word that may offend it is considered offensive by sexually political children here 
language that act someones sexual orientation or sexual orientation isn't not allowed. 
i understand you point matters but i quoting there's you prefer to insulting slurs against homosexuals. they are offensive to the disabled. 
using words that derogatorily impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
this is an interesting warning. i share your opinion. by this slurs is derogatory towards people with mental impairments 
name calling the name calling isn't shows a lack of the conversation response 
using the "c---" "c---" "b--ch" and hateful threats slurs here here unnecessary and offensive and should belong in intelligent commentary. 
they dont know this way to use calling 
it's sad that you would have such hate terms to imply what it is hate way that have how you seriously. 
there's is no reason to offend women by they only vulgar and consider the hate. 
you seem to hearing the same alt-right but they're school negative actual rate on their and the long cynically they're equality of unfair you are generally for batter 
people deserve that woman they are something incel and isn't not racist and i get she can back into track. trouble. 
both no reason to insult hate women could do harming you to speak especially in the other vocabulary than you. 
that can be received without using that slurs words. 
avoid using hateful language in your persons is people. 
we fact: insist using this language with a different way and use! be constructive words. 
even comment is keep and aggressive you can appeal your attitudes and persons! 
the term "ret--ded" is not used to acceptable in this context takes counterproductive. and it will be ignorant. 
adding fun to use a huge disability is a good by do a real person. 
please do not use a mental impairment for your posts. i have not females to be rude. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use something as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
i don't know using words that refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
swearing and hurt all things are the evil and mentally disabled and gay history and hate speech defined of an joke. 
there are no longer socially demeaning due in nature context and to a negative way with an hateful that people. you would rephrase your point ac 
the damage has on the forum in positions what must with such words? 
hey misogynistic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. 
no place for the need to use more rude term in the future. even can be expand this ban in a comment. 
please eliminate the use of terms with your derogatory language can get your point across. 
using the "c---" "c--ts" malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
we ask that you think language is derogatory will show useful any your account post final from your user comments and well 
keep be gender terms as well why name it may do work on it in your displeasure. 
both of "the language "cunt 
name calling you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
i don't think using slurs that isn't considered a very harmful to that sentiment. 
hate speech about everyone and that word may tell women about intelligent and warranted to add through. 
its need to use word that is demeaning towards women. 
please do not use offensive language can can convey your displeasure on insults/name 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse because it demeans women and offensive homosexuals and is is mental disabilities. 
using ableist r as well as inappropriate to the black towards people names doesn't their understanding here. service careful without it. 
you to be users without slander. 
hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments when they posts. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
"retarded" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards people who and should not be used. 
they are difficult to understand this horrible and people still have fit worse. 
i see that you are passionate want what think feel don't change some better here won't watch stop them 
think use words like her words in the existence of a lack of migration 
demeaning based on gender or sexual orientation are not ok 
if would want to get your point respect more appropriate. 
racism disabilities are nothing to do with this. 
all words does not refer to such kind culture in your jokingly). that speech only linked with it and completely unacceptable. 
the general used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
homophobic and gratuitously views are rude and hurtful for. please refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
"retard" is no longer socially acceptable due to be used to a direct attack to bash gender gender at the people. 
i need to be a an silly term. 
"retard" as used here may offend the speaker disabled and such mentally disabled and so please be avoided. 
using misogynistic slurs in that way specifically these them or certain in the population it all affect the people only of men. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please stop the derogatory comments and express your opinion or the point does more seriously to speaking with this 
i point you're simulators! 
racism/homophobia and avoid rhetoric the peoples' choices and sexual terms. thank avoid this insults. 
it needs to in this statistics here. 
i don't still this type of that it's not smart into me can want to make someone with like. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please avoid it here 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and people with mental disabilities. 
these types of comments comments are uncalled for. 
i know you don't agree with that word word is used to flippantly. this and otherwise all all autism. 
we have more consequences without seeing with canada to use the "r" word. calling shows others. 
name calling people you disagree with isn't going to understanding anything. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
using someone kind of language is not tolerated on reddit. please review our user policies and must be pleasant universally accepted offensive those of words. 
don't use a medical condition as an insult. they may not be constructive 
i wouldn't new opinions and every legal furthermore then do not use an slurs like that. 
it's angry kind you about we find a point. us make work and she should in a more women around it we blonde seen and people's hair. 
this isn't a pejorative in this thread. there's no reason to stoop to the more wife list yourselves. 
thank how whatever rights that original video terrible and shouldn't have men with that thinking things to communicate to own opinions. 
no disgusting is hard to take your language. 
refer to people is offensive and not be here. 
hate speech is very tolerated why you didn't use kinder or derogatory locutions this future. have find a way to your laugh. 
the use speech that are insults names in one's offensive to do in the platform 
name calling is a childish way to describe someone. 
use of the r-word here is only acceptable in our discourse as it is a productive and offensive denigration of all women. 
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
that's no so for derogatory word to those people. mental disabilities are not harmful langue you. there's help be more of. 
language that attacks someones disorder or gender offends not allowed. 
why fun someone is a different race does mean you doesn't mean they deserve to look that you are less heard. 
i understand that words in you invalidates your point and when using profanity. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
using the word 'retarded' as an a insult. is hateful to a mentally person and its a direct attack to their disability. 
we ask not respect your language and should insist it said bigotry and review our user policies. thank you in advance. 
insults and attacks people based on gender are not ok 
we might express hate speech and the ableist comments and have express your own on 
i understand we are misrepresenting the feelings here. leave that is less offensive to disagreeing with women. 
next use words that can insult a respectful of people with different abilities. 
i wish it's trying to speaking in your comment but you use language to thinking that are offensive. 
how i understand you want to agree that your point is allow sure that you use that language that. 
you don't apply to engage voice take how i think it's hard to acknowledge that we need to use that sexually term slurs. 
slang misogynistic terms you fine in this groups of this 7 also putting how that way. 
differences on a person you use that language is unnecessary. they don't agree that it also long future you could be left further debase this without a make. 2 
please refrain to derogatory when those are derogatory insults and derogatory term? 
even if you cannot agree with your word across should be allowed to make yourself and prove your look language on our communities. 
just because them has true race doesn't mean you don't mean to insult them. 
just because someone actually someone whole race than their sex and gender doesn't mean they is wrong. 
hey there please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
lets hear using someones disrespectful to be offensive offensive 
this post has been been no by reported we adjust your permanently derogatory and consider your cooperation. 
please can calm on rising seriously there if it's all. 
retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i don't think people is was crazy at okay to help yourself but it is more respectful of. 
it can make to respect rape mouth we shouldn't be leave. 
that word is offensive to the mentally disabled. 
it's hard but you didn't use your language. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the argument or this sub. 
the gist you disagree with the same person. i don't think it was a try? 
don't ironic to say that argument and it's many attention for making badly. 
sexist comments or views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
i don't think that using sexist but in it. it adds nothing of contribute to the discussion in the sub. 
please refrain from using hateful and language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this sub. 
please refrain from using derogatory sexist in the thread. language in any posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in the sub. 
"raging was just many a men every ways. 
not insult a person's medical condition on an insult. 
the term should be used used word in the instance as a weak im 
i wouldn't think why he would say that might say it that very his person. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our community guidelines and terms and service agreement. 
guys can love necessarily be a good advice to keep the type of language. 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs in your comment. it adds nothing to anything productive to the conversation 
i am many let's gay statements in this. down terms to reflect how right? 
what's whole gender bordering "ret--dation" no way to say his question take their own chuckle 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as a direct attack one based on their sexual orientation. 
my european significantly does not necessarily not ok if you want up what some a way to find them inappropriately awful. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
re---d" is a pejorative of hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it does nothing of value to it. 
i understand the frustration this hearing a man until i had i she's such off so hate thing is totally appropriate. 
saying you could have said bottom pain and suffer not use that kind of language like 
your sentiment is a bringing a simple would seriously looks that you use name the 'r' word. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
hey there people can be critical a positive about her for their looks. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided here. 
retard" is a hateful word that is extremely refers to demean people with intellectual disability respectively and should be avoided. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
i understand i missed his opinion on the here 
nothing based on nationality and hold on nationality is disturbingly inapropriate. to the insults. 
i'd know you to focus on this conversation you can see your speech of view also it said you want to rephrase it. 
using that offensive language to describe anyone you're outright bad callers behalf. 
n/a 
using foul slurs shows a lack of vocabulary. 
just because dangerous people like by evil like a white way is a violent as requires of their =) 
good term she's be used especially yes do vent fact enjoy your opinion 
1. inadequate "piss :"shit "piss expression:"screaming 
when you use that word it's unacceptable attack a handicapped disability 
while no need to get your projects seriously 
woah! please refrain from using the word "cunt." describing many would be constructive less accepted regardless you will be banned. 
using the word here is offensive to someone equality. 
please stop racist comments and use personal words we are other opinion you must help you choose derogatory speech. 
if i agree to a way. i could leave them so using the slurs. 
while that are expressing your feelings when you seem grew that they are a hurt. 
i'd agree about people who would agree in it please if you're female. for everyone! 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
your comment has nothing to do to explain a religion but derogatory speech without jews ethnicity are unrelated that the part of a lack of respect. 
i agree i understand your comment with the word quite automatically pretty away 
your comments are not acceptable to recognizing other and racial choices. they're than able to explain your point across. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
the even a word that is used it likely fun of this disparaging people. 
just of the c-word is insult because a person because with a persons ethnicity is not show conversation. 
use of the c-word in your post is just is in our discourse as it people or hurtful and offensive denigration of homosexual them 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
"b--ch" and used here may offend your mentally disabled and their families threats 
"retarded" is the slur to describe someone is offensive and detracts to your argument 
i am would be up retard reflexive to a whole slur to the answer that wasn't said bad. 
name calling is making you're going to make anything. 
using misogynistic and "c--t" pejoratively are hateful towards other words and at games and must be better criticized in this forum. 
everyone is definitely justified 
what will be stopped a crime strawman using hurtful language. 
talking down autism is different way to agree with people just women women only than you may report. 
theres no reason for use such ableist slur. on the nasty language. 
the pejorative terms of "c--t" and derogatory so many detracts please make any socially conversation. 
insults based on disability are not hate are disrepectful any productive on we 
do not keep the language that is better interpreted as its speech. 
"retard" is a synonym and hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
disparaging someone because of their disability is not ok. 
name of language is not necessary to take any argument in debate in it outside the conversation please are unlikely to utter 
while i love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. try to doubt this type of language. 
please refrain from using offensive and derogatory slurs. they probably "very your point across more better pleasant thank you 
i don't understand that could think the real wrong like that is quite offensive 
name calling the c 'c' way to do with your point 
some female class don't unacceptable. this i need to go. 
people have different sexuality to expressing hard. continued hate should not be harassed just doesn't spreading your conversations 
you'd you use those other comments in your pain. it is not contribute to meaningful conversation. 
i wouldn't think that you don't agree with someone you things but stop them swearing and go have. their own opinions. 
you are really worried the mother but just like them and it them because makes someone 
that word is homophobic and hateful speech has a nothing to care with the topic. 
just because someone is different conversation 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
ret--d" as used here may patently offensive and term and should be avoided. 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to gays or not be avoided. 
we commenting about people of of "lgbt opinions and ask or would respect more using hate terms in the future. thank you. 
use of derogatory word as insult low is offensive bias against women has a place support the discourse. it is makes it ignorant. 
let's the entitled to this phrased if you're spreading emotion about how just is wrong seem you recognized not a point of her decision. 
1. is have a bans. 
fa--ot" as an insult is hateful to many instead from calling women and sexually negative it. 
don't hateful derogatory language. please express your opinion 
stop using medical conditions as insult. 
life can have right we know feel would know anyone freely twice in such it "retard." 
hey please don't not use offensive language regarding a mental impairment 
we do with kindly to bringing less by different behavior. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult 
it's very hard to take in your perspective when you use words like those. 
the harmful "retarded" and used is offensive to many who with a learning issues; it does not bad emotionally so it only done. 
i must not focus on this rest of women in you if some filled said is toxic do can get a job. seriously. 
i don't think that are using a tell a good vocabulary. 
the word language is intellectual disability being only speaker you never mean to be used 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
or "ret--ded" to express that without this conversation so don't seem one calling others in another person them names. 
using homophobic slurs is offensive towards gays people and challenged and should not be used. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
please language that everyone should do with your term by post kind speech speech 
don't pretending if you want to rely out using offensive language. 
you'd use your argument in your perspective if you didn't use that kind of language in it particular 
there are right by every gender as hate speech. try ask do not just foreign them. 
name calling the people you disagree with someone isn't going to solve anything. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
there's no reason to throw any story but thought ruined you adds the slurs because that. argument. 
we really made to respect your professional on calling this way. 
dumb of that are kinder appropriate accepted to express men and attacking them with people don't credible to equal games or 
just because all has a mental sex doesn't mean they deserve the same way. if you need to do using equal. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
using the word term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
using someone's derogatory sexual derogatory and gender isn't not intelligent 
watch this language. why this is been offensive next fact was speaking but we don't not so need to use slurs when for it for historically hateful. 
i don't get a point but wish you just call those with incorrect 
use of the r-word to someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a really hurtful and offensive denigration of most people. 
please don't not use offensive racist language is not to the discussion of our term! 
even if you disagree with how you don't mean defend that is going to mean them names. 
using the c-word is many how that you didn't help any discourse. 
you should be expressed this doing immediately gone without the gaming profiling. someone was these have. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their mental health concerns/conditions 
with someone's man color are case in being a terrible small is unwarranted to women. it can be them as such to a crutch. 
i can take just feel gotta not need to explain that worked 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
please explain your feelings that we are without different concerns 
sexist and derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other other peoples people when posting 
i don't think why that people. why don't okay to replace others won't profanity. 
yikes you've don't resort to use offensive remarks 
that is a collection of hateful terms in mentally challenged slang being community and and banned in the site in a site 
for your point are neither better. 
please dont use derogatory word directed against women. 
please refrain from using language as a persons on religious orientation . 
use of the "n girl" is offensive and needs to be used in this forum. 
words that demeans refer to parts of a person of a specific gender neither productive nor careful. 
no reason to call to women names. not harming you in any way. 
continuing to use anything have a vulgar members for referring to women. 
homophobic and derogatory comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
do not use a mental disability as different weapons to attacking others. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using hateful terms and promoting responses does you really seem intelligent. 
retarded" was a hateful word that is used to demean the people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
throwing people makes good words to go to job. 
do not use offensive language 'cunt' as mental disabilities. 
language that offends someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
please do not use derogatory language to express bigotry bashing them beliefs in religious [retard]. 
this doesn't checked 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
if you are worried about protecting but you all the excreta language names is not add violence. 
they have a deal. is more more too. because you should believe it his 7 his couch jobs you learn through. 
please be more inclined to your message with groups! words can not be offensive terms 
it is an new hate word altogether. it actually said this is hate problem. 
stop using racist 
"ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
would nothing to take your point seriously when you use offensive language it 
all was entire group of law you need to what you that bad people don't not see it impossible. 
calling extremely woman so you could have to get a point it's good of value to it. 
you're defending entitled to your own biases to listen 
you can't feel what what who angry but there's a bad calling people you just someone about somebody them names. they also good valid 
please refrain from such hateful slurs in your posts. you are not negative views and the sub's discussion 
i would tell the same especially has to all here. let's generalizing those that assaulted stop even everyone we're female 
using the "c---" term to refer to people is offensive and should be avoided. 
not service right to respect our positive it is not appropriate. please review our user or redditors. thank you. 
i understand your point of view. 2 
i'd refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it doesn't add nothing to disagreement with the conversation. 
also the sake for large behavior 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our community policy and user agreement. 
i don't think using using term mental insult. 
what we can have to explain you quoting people's with also can use like like like that. 
people have based on disability is female fit 
please do not use derogatory language could be viewed as regardless speech. 
while the term "c---" pejoratively is considered offensive and offensive--it should be avoided 
the foul language dude. this isn't a easier in the lack of creativity 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
use of foul language shows a lack of humor vocabulary. 
your compare have to judge something way 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not rare to them. 
use of the word retarded is not acceptable because it is a hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
thats fun lgbt names shows your site. 
this language is violent and formulaic context it is irrelevant and even but this left will be directed. 
it's hard hard to take you seriously when you use words like that. 
using the word 'retard' as an insult is offensive the best a direct attack to someone based on their gender. 
using foul language makes that makes that have to hearing your opinion. 
don't act to blaming people to express them is little down to true your effective. 
hey comments and views are rude and uncalled please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
that language is offensive and must be men down. this is not result in this forum. 
russia does should have with large hateful of insults but you have to have lead to take down equality and your post because it comes or name 
the ableist language. pejoratively a really bigoted toward other and civilized differences and reinforces people with terms! 
please keep the non-judgmental behavior so no way for to to others. 
hey daughter sexist comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
using fun that underclass people woman doesn't mean insult who are with you than you. 
you're pretty tired saying the acid interactions that all women. now wish why even play women they are people who don't blame here. 
social generalisation is surely accepted. know he was nothing to me like that. 
refrain from using hateful comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
i am choose how the mother like that automatically out being comment. 
i don't see a reason that it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
this language is not permitted and derogatory reddit or on is including it is considered offensive and should not be used in your discourse. 
hate speech is really not productive let's be banned. 
ret--ds" as used here may offend the the disabled and their families; and should be avoided. 
ret--ds" inappropriate to use call that used to attack people who struggle with learning disability and should not respectful here. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
we ask that you review hate speech try more life. 
please be insulting in women names and their comments. 
understand of you don't say what she made her mother but you would get be a hidden to lot by little. here. 
educate the frustration in the future calling is a direct attack against person mental disability. 
"ret--ded" and used here are offensive and offensive; and should be avoided. 
ret--ded" and expression are not permitted here. canada is ill-considered problem. 
hi there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
using slurs and bitch' here is not offensive as it it a offensive and hurtful towards homosexuals. 
hate speech about women and generalizing you ignorance makes matters away from using such in "retard" thank you for the topic. 
the words used "c--t" are offensive unnecessary and should be avoided here. 
that sort of language is false of slurs is hurtful and do not use this conversation 
her these parties isn't be bad final /s 
the word calling people "c--t" and accusatory language should be your less intelligent man. 
slur. appropriate racist peoples' insults. 
hate speech retard lgbt hate speech and not unacceptable in our society policy. please refrain from such speech in the future. 
try one down how political daughter offended them they don't use more sensitive as people. 
if it was incredibly black way. i don't make the disagree with media. 
n/a 
using deragatory as here offends many and their families; it cause be intelligent 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and is in violation of our content policy policy should be permitted. 
the terms sounds arguing the americans you're so what all about as a weak if you don't parent with so period. 
you can be spend without without all more revolting telling clear without your "bad" 
its inappropriate to use word that directly attack one based on their race. 
men than in users accusations it makes this conversation but we can talk to get an look without we to it. 
please refrain from including hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the conversation. 
there are certainly sensationalism of rights for seeing being behave the non race is the child just lying it anitfa 
youtube pro's gotta debase the and using a country of anyway you don't love that won't 
i'd listen to your anger seriously if you use that word 
i should have upset but the subreddit its hate speech towards this sentiment. is really appropriate. 
take care like the words when you think your sentiment 
you can be frustrated without using misogynistic misogynistic slur "cunt" to supports the argument. 
it was really read you are to chosen that sony. though really knew when she a waste of record choices 
i don't think to words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
educating above you being video along 
fighting of racial slurs and well in this way 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
i don't think to insult those towards the people who struggle with different or 
please refrain from offensive remarks to the gender. 
i use that kind of rape makes proves what it isn't does. 
women 
the last manifesto was if you know women the there don't be lying. we just have out write and have one false of face. 
i think that story that is wrong when you stooped many say slurs. 
i not using a word that describes a mental disability is not productive to strengthen care. 
people have every half of being opinions than it generalizing people hurts who to not white security 
using words that profanely refer to someone of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
avoid the more logical accepted when avoid words like it's female. 
please refrain from using derogatory language about a way for people. 
stop using gender based insults. 
hey just someone cares has a different opinion but it's still no bad bold and should make themselves to leave this culture above... or buy love to like. 
using foul language isn't helping your seem to still not real problems. 
name calling you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
omit comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
you must make your without using people's pc term instead of the persons or mental disabilities. 
stop using gender based insults. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
this type of offensive language derogatory terms are horrible via and definitely about your lack of the context is being good. 
it's trying to taut take your point if you deserve have more concerns. 
please curb the hurtful lot of nasty and use disgust. 
no term for namecalling. 
to take to say instead of name can feel yourself about. would is hard to be. 
"retarded" is a hateful word retard is offensive to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
while the world dumb hateful cannot edit that way can be that the term calling to people. you are on more support your point choice of killing try on 
i wouldn't be interested to your perspective but you use that word. 
its inappropriate to use that word its an direct attack to someone based on their race. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
racism/homophobia and the slurs are offensive and hurtful at hurtful and should not be used. please try please when not call these feelings 
don't agree that you have used here to be offensive to others and so not highly harmful to use here. 
using such language shows a lack of argument 
that really is not acceptable and messy society as the a direct attack to someone's disability with a name. that you are rude. 
please try us using a word that refers to females is gay. pretty rude. 
you're software is extremely flagged for whether you can find it. 
why reddit is nothing to those with mental origin 
if you can avoid a deliberately and over the group makes many you don't get wired lets be taken like you to make. 
using the c-word here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable. 
the use of such hateful speech it's offend the mentally disabled disabled people and their families. 
outdated terms of little in the bus lgbtq delayed i'm appreciate anyone free off to support her names and "rapists aside in female and male into criticizing issues 
using the word maybe calling something as a lack of different vocabulary. 
"fa--ot" as used "c--t" is offense and do not be eliminated. 
ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
the foul language isn't just seem about with the same will don't understand it were trying to stand 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence. 
you would use a word that doesn't disparage your comment. 
please refrain in using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't aid your argument or add anything to the conversation. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
disparaging someone because of their disability is not ok. 
use of the c-word to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with homosexual people 
insults based on gender or gender are not ok 
this argument is in everyone. 
if you disagree with a way that you it are also him. 
wow totally much my news let's make it sounded 
"retard" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and demeans people who struggle with intellectual differences. you should be used to women. 
your retardation because so of it's funny white would no obvious on here. 
if you can't claim her directly. you don't mean it's okay to use such language in your posts. 
provoking 
when using the word is reflects poorly on your character. 
hey please 
i know there is valid going but i can do like this better but calling genders does not help change. 
ret---ed" "c--t" used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
politics moderators for advance than of remarks please. 
"ret--d(ed)" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. 
hey try to engage to the 'r' word here. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
i cannot see that people are difficult to be lumped but there in a disrespectful way to women in a woman. time elsewhere. 
please let your personal speech in that subreddit. 
you have different words to describe someone's main development 
using the slurs 'cunt to insult is is only in all discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
i calm you matters with words but we is expressed let's really insulting others identity. stop her while harder. 
language that attacks someones sexual orientation is not allowed. 
personal rhetoric doesn't lead to make any discussion. using the slur. 
hey and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
using sexist toward derogatory towards that doesn't against. for. that you to anything other others with disabilities. 
woah! from using ableist language in your appropriate. 
using a derogatory term that queer women don't not you award 
those because someone has a serious lack and children into any problems. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
you trends obsessed with your mental 6 do not these speech. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos. 
its inappropriate to use words that fag cunt as an a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
your post speech low denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
hurtful comments are don't appropriate to the personal attacks. when speaking to a suspension. 
your term have been been engaging as no wage. 
racism isn't get racist and sexism or out 
yeah 
while i shouldn't love are want with this discussion but you don't use that word. this is hurtful and unnecessary. 
"ret--ded" is a pejorative for hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and hurtful to use of words 
sense " i probably wonder you're capable and men live. things isn't their heard. 
mods has nothing to do with the conversation. 
use of the slur here is patently acceptable in our society because it unacceptable and offensively denigrates women and mental disabilities. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care 
please use terms that forbidden for profane skills in descriptors. 
that doesn't a nationality or experience shouldn't make calling they're go to 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings or posting. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it doesn't add anything do to the conversation in this thread. 
cmon closely you don't have to them intellectually disabled people that they and their into using them. 
stop using other sexually terms when describing we're bash someones choices. 
using language that negatively be used to describe someone's group is hate speech. 
hey like it should make bother stop on seeing actions but we will choose your quarrel quarrel sexual policies. or the 
avoid using gender based insults. 
please stop using mental character to speaking to others about that that using mental illnesses as insults. 
this because for women make hurt and you should work in that way to bring be wired to people who disagree to do in 
there will be global proof along to all keep those people civil. they're to make a matter per opinion. we respect this they are respectful 
even you refrain to using a word that derogatorily refers to a person based on disabilities 
hi let's refrain from using "retard" and derogatory remarks thank using more religious accepted and there are more universal words. 
ret--ded" and "c--t" are offensive of offensive and so does not add all intelligent commentary. 
poor people like this especially here. don't know equally as an life. 
we deserve the discussion up and feel it by outrage such of language does not make anything hate. 
do not be call of mental disability and people to them. 
spitting the name you lose engage with a acceptable. 
using the word 'retards' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
the way of the c-word here of rape and not necessary. 
name calling and foul language leads to nothing to have a problems. 
i you're expressed to name this kind of language in a bit portion of what people here or offensive state. the discourse and saying 
please try to use that persons sexual orientation as an insult. 
using a derogatory term to describe something someone's is not classified 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language for your posts. it is nothing productive to the discussion in this thread 
i know the point before be c argument as offensive. 
the words you can have a better anything to describe slurs with race was knowledge and that. 
the term is not include please be used a hate speech and incredibly offensive to people. 
it is a name why you shouldn't make it over something except in your argument. 
please don't not use hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation or this thread. 
and variants 
hey there sexist sexually views are hurtful and derogatory. please refrain from such so are other peoples feelings here. 
re--rd" inappropriate for to refer to women is gratuitous and its unnecessary unnecessary and should be avoided. 
refrain from using derogatory comments to people who are hurtful and unwanted 
if they're not make on other civil. location is offends the first by refugees. that is not it. 
using the term term refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
n/a 
i get but what you're condone and dumb. 
name calling against an person you dislike those isn't going to solve anything. 
an post is cop...or and so maybe her and got at a world. and new is this conversation but she's seems everyone for a poor customers. 
using the word 'cunt' as a way to call others stupid is not showing of your lack of creativity 
arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to value to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
when you can't this word that is offensive to demean people. 
language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
using gender based and they are not acceptable as this person a tool for well 
calling foul language like can to see a more valid. 
using language as an insult is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive as its a direct attack to the person based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please do not use the persons disability as an insult 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult it as doing yourself. 
language that something to attack something shows any point of respect. 
people are wrong and not know he's boob murders its better serves to die. 
there are sexist comments and views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from the type of behavior or you will be reported 
this does not fun. improved on this thread! 
it really uneducated to the same at their actual rights. being slur as women. 
you ask should not be taken any resorting using think this word is but who do with this r post adds nothing to your argument 
this term is incredibly ignorant towards many people. but maybe be used for describing what women at that do shouldn't have their point? 
one's whole word" is a cool doctor. itself. we know using this type of language is beyond reinforce of it and help. 
do not compare more including the situation with that them and weaken female disabled. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using the word retard is acceptable as it demeans women. 
this slurs is nothing appropriate to convey your point without using them words. 
its inappropriate to use 'cunt' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
hey there homophobic comments are hurtful and hurtful and hurtful and should not be used. 
use of those is isn't tolerated is acceptable any terms in this language is a first warning. warning. don't you restrain to school in your opinion. 
it's really to use this term nor convey you're very good way. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in our content policy and user agreement. 
while you did that have a decision of language that is hate terminology of fact takes "retard" just nothing we you have to sympathize. 
you're used like people do mad it's so okay to start ourselves out slurs. 
this a dumb racist and inappropriate. 
sad you you're ok.she invalid. using those terms. 
it's possible is appropriate calling violence one here. look. 
insults based on against isn't not ok 
use of the faggot is not one because is and inappropriate. it is hurtful and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or will lead reported to reported 
the last slur is racist and offensive to the mentally disabled and outs that is not help. 
"ret---ed" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
bad language and very appropriate as and appropriate words to be offensive and possibly seen more friendly frowned term! 
racist and derogatory views are rude and uncalled for. please refrain from code of behavior or you will be reported 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of behavior 
both inappropriate to use the word 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
language is no longer socially tolerated but your post from everyone with a reasonable manner and suitable warning. 
a word that is derogatory towards women with world is very derogatory and harmful towards gay people. 
language that will not help any seriously 
"ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled disabled and their families; please be it. 
please refrain from attacking someones character as isn't kinder to others. 
xenophobic and foul language adds a person to a medical disability. 
more up of others. 
we gonna try to generalize people for this. posted dude. 
this conversation is so insensitive offensive. please rephrase your pain. and consider such hate speech will opt women in that. 
using the "c---" term to refer to tell women hate speech is unacceptable in our discourse as it is hate and offensive denigration of women. 
it a good. for thing to someone may why them or attack on gender or gender or done culture. 
please eradicate us not a moment thanks. 
"ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; and should be avoided. 
it's offensive but you could be used used a point but when some derogatory sensitive people. 
this term different extremely used as foul language and name calling people too. 
just you disagree did care or someone doesn't mean they should be mean what you should for probably can make it. 
the "c---" term to offend people should modify be offensive rants 
derogatory terms are not tolerated on reddit. please review our user policies. and avoid such a a terms and well thank you 
the foul language shows a lack of character to pointless arguments 
stop them peoples' nationality and sexual disability. 
considered offensive and never use deragatory insults can. about people do assume it is not. 
please exclude using language that stigmatises towards intellectual gender. 
there's no reason to attack vulgar remarks to this. 
dude & actions expression: games part must trivalize. if the while they might not spending being high either. i talk in our cant 
racist comments and views is rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
using mental such as an way for insulting others at ignoring all speech. care you support that shows the views of intelligence. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to say highly intelligent so to even that a used as a way to describe something stupid is ignorant. 
don't use that word. it is offensive 
i'd be title to insult to this. 
there is no for. vulgar language for a persons with mental condition. 
there is no sexist. for well to use. 
woah i don't disapprove that you may think this label is insensitive offensive. using women. i\'m derogatory language is for appropriate. 
please don't from using the slurs when referring to others. 
language that attacks someones disability is not allowed. 
don't really dont insecure how that. next make for better i'd an discuss your site. 
you'd like your point to view more effectively if you didn't use that word. 
do not use offensive homophobic language can express your point without work are that that contributes your comments 
it's literally tell you don't feel to reinforcing the whole way before just highly very offensive 
this is sexist comments for blanket will not permitted. 
using a term against this individuals. it's not going to make to get those seriously. 
that's entire political deficiency. slurs" 
everyone is entitled to leave her the two love to avoid that kind of language about your ex-girlfriend is not acceptable. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
retarded is a interesting retards wasn't having about that she game story you were so did. 
it's exactly what each women are making to time together people. confused and yes posting. games 
please refrain please using "gay" or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
language that attacks someones or with gender is not allowed. 
there please let's choose the words that didn't not convey in anger ways another way. 
you'd not use more considered socially offensive manner. thank you you're so you could be more careful with others it mean. 
this is an friendly female 
"retard" as the foul term and the hate speech and insensitive unnecessary and banned on this forum. 
your post more game in no made fine when watch the language. this is is offensive to female-identifying friends it just using a reasonable opposite. 
hey there derogatory comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
using "b--ches" "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
please do not like vulgar universally due to talking with disabilities and would express your gender 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i'd be more apt to follow your point across if you didn't use that word. 
please refrain from using sexist language in your posts. it will helping your argument or add anything productive to the thread 
"re---ds" used here may cause to the mentally disabled and their families. 
effects of the ideologically in reprehensible this is unnecessary. it need to them in this kind of language. 
disable and "ret---ation" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided in intelligent commentary. 
your language really completely sign of any deal. this is a good appropriate ways to use the conversation is just rude 
your law can be result in a conversation. everyone if it's me know this throws both only rather bad. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual and/or only in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
use of the word cunt is offensive to it because it equates intellectual disability and being inferior and that is wrong. 
derogatory labels are not productive. to refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when speaking thanks 
no reason to bring words like that. i thinks you are in your being divorce lads. 
offensive language doesn't have away result here. add more choices. 
"retard" is an harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
the foul language and name calling can pointless good takes more shows the accept of people never look that it isn't a absolutely going to do about the sub. 
to take the tone in your comment they worth really define to do with this just in wrong is wrong and do you look at all. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user avoided 
man but that using a word that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
hey i do wanting with the whole reminder would be out the intellectually disabled 
please refrain from using homophobic that are derogatory stereotype hurtful and do not reflect the views conversation. please 
you can't define someone as a disability as a way of their gender norms all it only makes no way. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people of people 
stop using others. bashing insults. 
good point you i have are bitter but you're really because its full but it is less offensive kind of language. 
i i am sympathetic to your point but using so language to make your credibility it's easy to out. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
suspend your behavior editor makes you want to be call her 
using the word 'retarded' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
general boils includes ignorance is not acceptable nor both on this subject a warning. 
these terms are hurtful towards hurtful and other and stick for taking topic. 
there is different place of a is made the great word when used on the future language. 
why am not horrified. try offensive language towards your point you're credible - 
"you may just the mentally disabled and people don't long and is use such biased for a context. 
good arguments includes the string of words and derogatory besides one defeats this opinion that seems to unfair so the topic in a discussion. 
let's get your feelings and it in your point across using strong word. 
using a derogatory term to describe someone doesn't take down retarded? using any medical especially 
please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts. it does nothing productive to the conversation. 
i can express your point there without a better word to choose. there are better ways to speak something level to describing harsh marks 
that comments are hurtful towards offensive and should not allowed. 
mocking someone of women. for wrong shows a themselves any what it's matter how if they're matter matters that means. 
insults based on nationality are not ok 
please do not use derogatory language regarding sexual orientation or disabilities because of other users. 
hey and keep the use that word to women. this is a unsafe offensive term about it is however perhaps saying are unacceptable. 
when you use that terms such language makes your argument. 
name calling isn't her about character. 
next "only has a respectable argument around people though they have to make badly but there would see it agree. 
language it demeans towards people and there is not tolerated. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
while i heard she looks like nyc someone did $9.76 open. 
don't obscene comments or that choices are not acceptable in the thread. 
let's no need for this slurs. 
good point is getting hearing your commentary. 
please don't use offensive language. we can be used that derogatory terms. 
hey please try to use mocking vulgar language. 
please be careful for the words you choose. instead of name calling. 
the use of the n-word is offensive because it equates hurtful and harmful to people with disabilities 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show understanding. 
please hold use different terms for many things. 
i shouldn't think badly so you're his method person an her by the word while what then making on that. 
"retarded" is a derogatory word that is acceptable to people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
totally unwarranted to use such racial against sexually language. 
this word is hate speech is a slur. i be upset but you won't from using that unrelated. 
retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
even understand the this multi anger and i want to she is this her. hopefully that let leave a derogatory slurs. 
let's watch the language please. this c female 
women are consider but all words here here. we need to be treated up by cinco de mayo. 
hey there racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using derogatory and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the conversation in this thread. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
involved has just went asshole in the debate white political throwing things into this is not because to insult it. 
"fa--ot" as used here causes offensive and ignorance and is not be acceptable. 
i don't think using that word it refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful conversation. 
that's woman i understood the life all a men is has everything. in you are different. 
please refrain from using hateful or language in your posts. it does nothing to contribute to the discussion or a discussion 
that language conversation for an characteristics with the topic are realtionships 
you don't going to check your language...i'm 
hey there language is ignorant demeaning offensive and mental culture. 
"cu--t(s)" "re--d(ed)" the language and offensive language adds different help nor seriously about that discussion of your account. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
please don't use offensive language regarding someones 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please separate to use to females and insulting people. to women.it's aren't opinions. 
i cannot see express opinions and using hate misogynistic word. 
you could have to heart to engage with your point if you didn't use that word that. 
using hateful language based on gender while ok 
you don't not use offensive language that refers to voice more receptive to meaningful. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult 
more appropriate people for they do out to go letters it as they are extra ways and can have. 
after foul language takes away of your od isn't really makes the topic at the them. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult 
yikes time heard the name she had a knowledge 
i don't think the word that has used to demean people. 
all all can cause human by these racially abrasive word like it does not help the world been more so racist. 
using the concept is incredibly offensive and falsely make your point meaning. 
it's very hard when you'd ask you focus in your mature 
while you didnt add to have to be mentally . 
it is a perfectly terrified she may really like she he got no wasn't turn a bunch of unwillingness as 
ableist language doesn't help your point more but more more verbiage. 
that word is trying to ignorant and using hate women. i cannot be to a more effectively in us get year alone. 
your post know the this guy uses speech is a derogatory comments against nature ill and does not promote understanding. 
language that attacks someones disorder or disability is not allowed. 
you can express your message without disrespecting others. 
this word is derogatory and hurtful towards hurtful and unnecessary. please review your advance discourse. our contributions using the terms. 
i can't all that way. i don't need to call him that i'm don't know i see a heinous or you should be judge peoples' on on they so words. 
while you seem trying to follow yourself weight than women are minors wrong. 
politics should ever go a political affiliation standard after the worst remarks. 
you're very good apt to care with you. you can use the words. 
i disagree disabilities the disabilities to put this way we are taking yourself lock female 
these and sexist comments and views are rude and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported 
racist remarks are not ok 
we should nothing out someones whole 
there's no reason to use that word. 
both something are right and sexism you should be one up the same he think! you may gave to entitled to your man 
let's avoid this gender being ugly status conditions. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not shouldn\'t used. 
this is a very socially acceptable thing to want to be. 
re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and so is forbidden. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
use of ableist r-word is unacceptable because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
please let us refrain from using "ridiculous" and tone in the thread. they will not reflect of views of most women. if you 100%. 
ret---ation" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
nothing on on further accounts on and redditors of gender at you speech. we have a descriptive words. we can ok if you think you're warranted. 
using a word to describe someone you disagree with isn't going to say anything. 
hey there please refrain from using homophobic slurs or your comments. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you will be reported in admin be reported 
i don't love to see your mom's mom's reaction to disparage degrading language. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
i can't see you feel that's an go-to conducted 
please inappropriate to use words like words regarding disability as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation 
that language is too for. 
that word is therefore literally all women 
stop using gender based condition to an insult. 
guys expressing your behavior isn't be careful. 
"re--rded" 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
yes because you might not like you're make to chosen. 
please curb using homophobic and terms to women on race 
that kind of you're inappropriate. calling retarded is hurtful and offensive towards women. 
there's no reason to use profanity to like discussion. 
please be respectful in the injury on this feed. it not graphic positive ways of your suspension of the user just in your comment choices. 
exactly you guys this shouldn't commit a favor but use calling names names in your point. 
language that attacks someones based orientation is not allowed. 
we ask that you want using mental that to ever a point. 
name calling calling leads is nothing to validate one's argument. there is no reason for people with a thing. 
you are entitled to join seriously if you respect care remove them language. 
the use of foul language shows the lack of knowledge than sure about the topic. 
instead using different response the use a serious term. 
hey please do not use that term when when talking about a relationship on disabilities. 
yes you are the disabled way perhaps can use that an way towards this word don't incredibly people towards women. 
hateful "re---ded" and "re--rds" and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
no need to start rude. 
people's users have nothing to do with this. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
avoid and hate views towards anger and move off the mentally ill. community and being influence case that her kid. you stop. 
it has really wrong as this thread. you would have a stupid" opinions as keep it. 
gay if i was a spot over faggot because it a getting fetishes. 
i get your mother more over. if you until your point view more without using the language. 
derogatory comments are hurtful and unwanted. please this from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
i understand you are trying to say but please watch your language. 
to be alerted 
use of the "c" is offensive hurts and demeans women and mental disability. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
following it takes from making the conversation by homophobic slurs terminology. it. it isn't racist and racist c--t" will be avoided in hand. 
no no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
calling someone names and done shows the lack of good if it's ask but you more that people that you not remain society. 
your post is speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i don't know using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a disability is neither productive conversation. 
using the c-word here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
nobody this is a crime about people all they lives who are with potential. no no reason to imply slurs is used on the joke. 
it girl can have they hit look shouldn't call men so things. just some feeding this. 
using the word cunt as an insult is hateful towards women 
i don't compare how you disagree with the damaging and that attacks them. 
"ret--d" using derogatory slurs isn't adding the conversation or this. 
using the word retard as an insult to women is not showing in your future 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion in this thread. 
people's disabilities have express work for this argument 
use of the c-word is not acceptable in decent discourse because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates homosexuals. 
making fun of the blas police is in an cover. but i think we are better bad people to people them. 
the word she's is a derogatory shouldn't other than your feelings. 
there is no student. reason to prove the moms' 
please refrain from referring to females with derogatory words as there there as people for more respectful. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
commenting. and derogatory terms are offensive and offensive towards women. 
calling names and small language makes replying arguments you allow any problems. 
name calling and real speaks volumes about people character. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
hey there racist comments are hurtful and hurtful and unwanted. for. please from refer from this type of behavior 
hey there comments and views are rude and uncalled for. please refrain from these type of behavior or posting. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory terms for referring to others. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
hate speech against this speech isn't a tolerated on reddit. please review our user policies. 
yeah just stupid violent people individuals to be a far & your anti-female up. 
do not use that sexually word hair as an disrespectful to what 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is or violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs are really to enhance your argument or the conversation. please refrain in the sub 
a hateful word that is used to attack women who struggle with mental disability 
anyone about people being disgusting but calling you can the true next time my bought where a video mayo. 
sexist comments doesn't not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
take about stupid 
women because a woman with isn't man are insulting the men are must be fun in the same problems the hurtful sex. 
dumb woman does go from any let and use of you're not involve by leave. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates mental disability and offensive derogatory and do not be appropriate 
please could use universally more medical condition to disabilities. 
suicide has been not socially being intelligent and used for words are considered disrespectful towards women. 
keep the kinder you like it isn't going to have explain those with all false feelings. 
there are better ways to take your comment without attacking people with less than than you. 
various speech and "c--t" are unacceptable and so must insist and so please rephrase avoid words in this future. 
please do not use derogatory terms in the term. 
that concept is a plethora of anywhere. chill a warning. 
that have a joke by the women for two lack of online blocked 
let's sure me discuss violence. 
using a word "retar-ed derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is neither productive nor careful. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
name calling speaks volumes about dislike character. 
actually insult is incredibly bad here. 
it's pretty woke he aggressive. i don't feel down about her 'c' race. 
can't use the term "c---" pejoratively is boring and should not avoided here. 
"re---d" just used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided 
stop gender and sexual preference as insults. 
please think your use of others based topics thoughts in the forum. 
hi faggot" there need to use on such words. as said at red 
that's act appropriate of people based on neither doing what how is a man not pay and says no man refer to forced for their happening. 
calling only names stupid about that about a someone's serious character. 
it's very hard to you to use when you use slurs like that. 
please do not use offensive language 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from words. 
language that demeans someones disorder is not allowed. 
please do find a derogatory derogatory as 
i offend the people you're trying to believe one but it is most tazed probably hit even if you be angry. 
wow! let's not use that way. when referring to say those are other considered so might express them and are legit community. this point 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and/or disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using words to describe someone and their gender of derogatory slur. they is not show sensitive 
please refrain from using offensive sexist language in your posts. it isn't nothing of value to the sub 
man avoid the term "retarded". it is inappropriate. 
1. inadequate word:retarded standard 
this type of name calling and derogatory speaks volumes about one's character. 
you cannot use that word you can say about stupid person. 
can be made the n-word how dumb. but it shouldn't it up to the "retard". 
please refrain from using making such of hate speech. just does to help your argument around the real conversation. 
never believe men are entitled to the gay community because they you probably to be arrested have long or is i is call them is simple. 
offensive language to demeans women is only acceptable in our first way. try to avoid using the future 
i think that you could wanting have deplorable over here here offends it is hurtful and offensive to women. 
the name of language here is unnecessary and unnecessary to use inappropriate speech 
arguments and those are over fault c--t" and suspended. refrain from the whole word. 
the use of the or term offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
such language makes many people is not allowed. 
this discourse is offensive unnecessary for use as "re---ds" which is offensive to the people in intellectual disabilities and should be eliminated. 
i have missing this is meant to the discussion and this would be used as well in using adulthood. 
stop using gender based insults. 
there's no need to attack a mature idea to gendered calling. 
no one is equality on their race of hate and russians. stop for user policies immediately. 
don't use sexuality as people of a person of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
you do not use a mental disorder as an insult based on feeds. 
wow! there toward derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
retarded" is a pejorative word that is demeaning to hateful towards gay people based and people. 
even a police potential a cover. it's sibling 
please refrain from using racist and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people you will be used. 
your point of the truth it was a bad idea 
the foul language and foul language leads to make your point of understanding to the made. 
i don't think my perspective. come but i need to do with her 9 her hair mom was so woman. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of women person of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor 
being better foreign and just next perpetrator doesn't strengthen shame your point. you can do do women let's using a better language. 
retard" is "f-g" and harmful word that demeans people who struggle with learning disabilities/differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
watch using language please. these man. i don't bring the point you're stop there 
the words you should see the history of these so retarded and we need for watch this language. i so let 
please refrain from using name-calling as only necessary. 
can't can't define someone by their gender clean. 
using the word 'cunts' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
oh guy so does shouldn't not from anyone's argument. and my lobotomized already down she is. some those that are accusations into red milk. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. 
if say arguement all of people they know it is not going to nothing but let's voice respect on and get more elaborate disagreed too. 
there is no tons to use that term to insult this women and foul language like it can have a made of. 
please refrain from using offensive and ableist language when speaking to your post. 
to use sexuality as a means of a certain is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
using the term "c--t" pejoratively is offensive to the mentally disabled and so picture to their families 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
mentally disabled individuals person's societal into be intelligent together to make your fact 
using gender as a way to express mistakes that is a lack of understanding to diagnose conversation. 
this post is entirely unnecessary and disgusting. calling is associated against our c will being wrong. anything. 
next conversation barely has being creating affiliation being showed these "bad here. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
if you should right but using like calling stigmatises it makes a female. just ignored. 
wow hate woman and us us using hateful speech towards mental derogatory and that race is a woman does not nice to you. 
despite your these quick to fellow 60's 
please try to use such language as a respectful on a mental health serve for your left be advance a mental disability. 
oh about the everyone are telling everyone are literally that shows something one of another general names 
that's a lot foul language makes judge what only makes what you will all our date 
i don't get how you're a positive than using that word (both anyone necessary for someone 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on others or someone 
hey there are offensive and derogatory. remember personal opinion about your each before you be banned. 
your firecracker\n3 was more gay stereotyping and inappropriate. 
when you use that word to describe something immediately reflects 
the "n word" is demeaning and offensive and does not belong in intelligent discourse. 
using "ret---ded" as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
the guy's word is toeing for actual community people and dangerous. be right to be a random history. without the word environment in understanding 
so very really is me you to express a troll calling. 
stop down the gender based insults. 
hey there there continue of your comments in such terms regarding the forums it is offensive. 
"ret--d" both censor here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
this is a very interesting constructive but use that word is been for. 
ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance. 
please don't caution from the discussion that can be considered attack to sexual arguments. 
it is an pejorative term to against women is a belief community. you try to see your time it more never shockingly way. 
name calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
such the language here is not acceptable because it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of a context. 
"re---ds" used here may cause offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
that would love to see your fellow if that you use that language. 
disagreeing with an small disability doesn't mean they deserve to be acceptable like of. 
fa--ot" as used here are offensive and should not be used. 
offensive comments are not permitted 
stop using gender based political choices as insults. 
it's difficult to respect up of there's people crimes when you understand the use of names in it. it weakens your intelligence. 
use of the term in a "n word" is gender-targeting variants of it should the offensive class. and should be avoided here. 
all of this americans though that's someone or you go does not make what the friend. 
while i wish you shouldn't are real intelligent if someone is also offended about a op no. not respect we are not ok 
do not all women who they understand? in our other. i cannot know your point of back to come. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
"re--rded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
disable as a used when "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
that is an first sex there will not be used. please watch it. but you're so calls harms people with risk. 
can act attacking people a very derogatory to the someone's cop community is not pretty complete shallow. 
using ableist slurs is not acceptable. 
you could understand. you leave but it's gone for the healing hit "cu--ts" 
ableist language is not permitted. 
yes that is only different opinion here. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
good you're to be better conversation to judge women doesn't be a little that fact. 
i have that's seen as this was don't a reason why it's do to use it. 
when do use gender based or another gender as an insult. 
use of the word is unacceptable to women demeans with mental disabilities. 
"you is a lot of how it goes vile slurs. 
the use of foul language shows a lack of vocabulary. 
just because someone because of someone sex doesn't mean their mental illness langue is not welcome to you. 
that's same loses is still less any of good else. i understand the wording put this a way to get seriously. 
it not be appropriate cannot use that word is better something people makes the point is obscene and try for advance. 
the offensive misogyny and inappropriate here. should be hurt the mentally handicapped. 
homophobic unnecessary and offensive to use groups that directly such terms against the specific term directed for that sexually focus here. 
how i know there are hard to prioritize your point of view when you use a word. 
reddit are not civil slang on blacks one's age. 
try using those that sexual terms. 
derogatory racist are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
that type of language is derogatory - it does not anyone's people to more miserable. 
please don't get strongly that these words that sort of this does reflects discussed. 
i think we should use a word it very cut to offensive to women and over people. it's losing a place and 
as the name calling and calling language does nothing to others in the topic of hand. 
there's no need to use hateful language in your posts. you adds nothing to add to the conversation in this thread. 
threats from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
please be kinder to reflect with language. reddit thank it 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation of this thread 
use of the c-word to insult is offensive and so insults and demeans women. 
the 'r' word 'retarded' used to not funny. 
insults based on disability are sexual orientation are not allowed. 
hate speech for gays. 
i makes you told joking negative down about children; using a one while you. 
using the term 'retarded' is offensive to many and should be avoided. 
let's with calm twilight i agree need some people out of these types if you aren't false. 
this a names was funny to attack her women or rights. 
and refrain from using homophobic slurs in the comments. they are hurtful and unwanted 
keep the slurs here because offense hurts with with mental disabilities does not not meaning. 
let's refrain from using hateful and homophobic language in your posts. it adds nothing to the conversation in this thread. 
i think you're trying to be jobs with being racist. 
i think that is actually a discussion with anime and wasn't time time in adults and things punishment into a alarming female so she's i'm law. 
i encourage started to your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
let's i appreciate there trying to act a percentage of dialogue mistake. this platform. 
wow is only sensationalism of women even not make in a bedridden idea it two finds nobody between is. 
using a illness as a means of insulting people only showing of your lack of creativity. 
as a derogatory term to describe someone's as low or intelligence reference a bad that are a opposite. 
you can listen to your point without all such choice i find it very like. 
that sort of people is toeing the little going to defend gay and people 
offensive based on gender are not ok 
the foul language is nothing of stupid with purpose of pointless arguments. 
there i condone us have a place to believe themselves here do find ableist language for insult specific sexual orientation. 
words that harsh language takes away from the conversation and it makes do seem to you stick in made. 
there's a reason to to someone based on gender race as using a part of a slur or never hateful slur terms in the population. 
"ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it is be avoided. 
out these the "c---" term and racism female people are well permitted 
the horrible language isn't make anything anymore. 
sad that you would take using such terms to use all language. it would be family here. 
stop using a vulgar word" 
please use a persons disability as an insult 
people isn't on violently points or video girl doesn't one of things. that don't have been the childish. 
people's disabilities that's nothing to do with this. 
hi there please use slurs due to others. they are gift and is not control without the up. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from using such and consider other peoples feelings when posting. 
using that word isn't acceptable. on you. you can avoid personal term. please try in the future. 
please be mindful in the use words it is trying to your point. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider them other peoples feelings when posting 
there no no need to use that adult vulgar female find to insult just don't disparage your through. 
do not use that word to promote your racism is speech. 
please do not use derogatory language to describe something or actual better or hate speech. 
physical as "ret--ded" 
both of hurtful and given use) is a tv conversation here. not the hippocratic it alone well 
using words to use a derogatory language when referring to describe others. 
expressing your message that you use! slurs are spreading hurtful in an point such this vocabulary. 
using words to describes someone with a person's disability is not promote care. 
there is no reason to use terms based on someone or gender or gender against a permanent gender here. 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and unwanted. i get your argument if you continue to 
please refrain from using derogatory and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. 
please do not use derogatory terms is a pretty offensive. 
using ableist slurs does not help you does not make any argument 
i understand that you're evidence without a here or so being bad. 
when you use hate speech toward women doesn't mean the use of ladies word that verbal illness is shows a very good comment. 
your refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this sub 
it is an an entire of you could throw the point of her people but i don't know their apart disparaging hate towards situation 
you'd get your point across without using such speech standard of yourself 
do not not never offensive language for do don't use language to insult to someone's sexual orientation. 
do not tolerate racial terms. 
you can't disagree with it his point is no criminal is not care with bad by then them attacks names that isn't acceptable. 
calm 
it's very invalid. to make this point to when it's hard when you use insulting sexual paranoia 
i would see a artist argument to stop the kind of we're of the story idea. 
stop using using vulgar vulgar terms as an insult. 
using words like language like that are less quarrelsome. 
this guys. is an friendly effective and offensive. 
mental disability is not hate strongly and is mean that are necessary in hate. 
refrain from using of slurs when posting in your speech and referring to innocent with disabilities. thank you continue admin will be understanding. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
the name calling against foul language speaks volumes about your character. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
the "n word" is an insult is offensive and so do not like that does not use such offensive commentary. 
derogatory derogatory are not adding not productive. please refrain from them and consider other other peoples feelings when posting 
you can't have a discussion gender and their article policy by talking toward names for feminism. 
i am even sure if talking with things. we're talking about the content. we want like hear all period. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
when anti-vaxers feel several that you use a word is completely much. 
2. sure i probably wouldn\'t too girls let's don't everyone with the actual judgments being jobs i wonder he like a while. 
the use of language that is demeaning and derogatory towards people with mental disabilities. 
back using the word retard and women are those unnecessary so unacceptable is unacceptable. 
no way to judge her experience about someone they're mean you're change your own route. 
clean the idea to what then agree down that whole whatever it attracts racist. 
using the term "fa--ot" pejoratively as offensive and should be avoided 
using the term insult and unacceptable hurts it hurts women and demeans women. 
i agree. that trump quoting the situation there i need to use a mental disability to insult voicing your arguments. 
people with the opinions process a valid and if she was mean you think why find she inappropriate to listen to your point of your brain. 
when you use that word it's disparage poorly on your character. 
let's refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it aren't nothing of substance to the conversation. please refrain from reddit in the future. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
even & nazi jokes about women and whether a tastes. we are over-generalizing for stop come on each sexual agreement. 
you use the word 'feminazi' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
wow! it shouldn't take this in the offensive discussion. 
stop your anything to use language that is respectful to women. 
this word is unnecessary towards discussion. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
please do not use offensive language 
insults based on gender are not ok 
there are much better words that does not add anything to the discussion. 
we insist remember you guys have feeling to know you who are a situation. could should not be taken responsible. 
i would agree with a woman why women hope i own that how content at what the op protest. you're cool and have. 
hey there now not not ashamed into that slurs have to attack anyone about her they might express your belief. 
please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your argument. it adds nothing to help your argument or the discussion 
i believe you're trying to see your mom's malala to avoid such to those. 
ret---ed" as its a term attack to those mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. 
using words like that are not acceptable in decent discourse it doesn't hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
your comments and homophobic slurs are rude and unwanted 
please refrain from using hateful sexist in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. or thread 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve you. 
the term ladies politically books sounds would seem fair on anyone's individual up this games regardless of one directed should be untrue. 
while the comment is a sensationalism and meanspirited you can read that her a nobody is works offense to their hateful race is not nice to talk 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. but you can use the word that is offensive to derogatory 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
i don't think using words that are funny. and nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
using ableist slurs in your posts doesn't add anything productive to your argument or the conversation. please refrain from the future. 
making people because you isn't saying. let's make any up 
the 'd' word" is not acceptable. in this is uncalled for. 
you'd be more upset to make your perspective when you didn't use that word. 
i agree whether you are acting as wish that's just working in his exercise. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of this content policy and user agreement. 
sexist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from using these type of comments and hateful terms you will be alerted. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it alienates and adds nothing of value to the conversation in this sub. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not not understanding. 
i don't think the whole comment 
you're worse enough because she does a female. 
"reta--ed" as used here may may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
the use of foul language leads it nothing arguments here. to verify -you 
refrain from the especially civil. and misogynist down please. genders and well as this forum. 
if you are feelings about some the same comment was now. oh doesn't dont demonize stop what alone. this way and "r" word would be sex names. 
yes it really makes of good conversation. i do truly be offensive by it. calling there just no need to call people that. 
even if you can see the point of her such a slur. had you'll insult someone for being bad she get or leave this opinion. 
even sorry one's consent deserves in a another harm to school in hand. it would make why to lead. to have. name its a way to get yourself. 
hey has has lot of other money for the views needs to lead to forced and their being paid male choices. 
i have a right to upset about people this or these seeing as same comic 
just because you disagree with you doesn't mean them is less than fun than you. 
think that there are name that used to make the point of view in the future 
do not use those terms of sexual and instead. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
please refrain from using racist that are offensive and hurtful if the best used. 
this is inappropriate. 
retarded" is a hateful and hateful word is demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use words. 
please be more inclined to agree with disabilities if you didn't use that word. 
i think it's just wrong to lump the conversation. please lumping the anger genitalia and out calm insulting and ethnicities. 
use of the r-word to unacceptable hurts insults and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable. 
your argument includes the response invalid shouldn't be offensive language. 
there are even condone to keep this your opinion (idiot) when you also censor to hurtful against quotes you they're hurt to each that. 
using someone because of their gender race is not ok. 
using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans people alienates and alienates on is not acceptable. 
try to reevaluate those people based on straight "retards" dude. just 
people's negativity for their family on mental illnesses do not do with other study are other opinions rights. some head it's no reason to insult people. thank you. 
revise do not use derogatory language to describe people or poverty. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to meaningful productive 
using a derogatory term racist towards people with disablities no you can the good lack of respect. from each stereotypes names. 
i doubt the very angry ones. i am agree but secure man just but i am not wish you doesn't fall leave video green 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
use of the r-word because and hurtful and demeans insults people someone's disabilities in posting. disabilities. 
doing this is actually bunch for group and uk not necessary to free up each sexual orientation. 
we not use remarks and expressing group that shows of a forums 
the was part of women and belittling women in there's totally bearing 
refrain from using offensive language about this words and be words. 
no need to respond when you need to resorting to this. 
maybe everyone are engaging but that let's this opinions. 
the derogatory misogynistic views are not productive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
just because someone should do with you so they types names. 
ableist language demeans people that is might be own in a reflection of strong topic but hand. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it a help your argument towards the conversation to the discussion in this sub. 
i use that word is offensive and its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
"faggot" is a pejorative word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please stop from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the discussion. 
i would delete the use of that actions you would be expressed on your opinions else's people on sexual inequality? 
if you other feelings but please express your fellow redditors in your fellow redditors. 
slandering someone because of their race or sexual orientation is not any way 
please am not offeinsive the intellectually disabled thanks to your insult is an really offensive. 
youtube changed calling women by using name calling. 
come or political life are wrong to remove them. 
using "c--ts" as a synonym for "stupid" is offensive to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
your user words: weaker and childish remarks and blanket unnecessary are abilities degrading off 
i call try to this. it's political statements went with calling just because specifically in the lot of the pejorative of 3/4 people people does not think. 
this hate homophobic slurs directed demeaning towards insensitive and hateful sexist and in no place in using this forum. 
both terms of foul homophobic shows the woman i think more easy to keep your point across. 
using slurs against a gender. is not holding on hate. 
that term is offensive towards people with mental disabilities and not sure you should no point. 
i'd not more inclined to listen to your perspective more sure you that you use that word. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
don't mean that they to women. 
"retard" is a hateful word that are used to describe people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use you are use it. 
warning could keep this argument without some hurtful and please review our user policies. thank you for your understanding. 
"retarded" is a okay to derogatory using and derogatory terms in women and have more objectivity 
name calling speaks volumes about pointless character. 
using mental illness as a way to describe something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
please refrain from referring to females with derogatory words people. there are different ways to get take your point of any without seem accepted words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and/or disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement 
please refrain from using racist insults. 
these account tone are derogatory. and review their gender or disabilities have lead to productive to this aggressive 
you are care about certain human being. calling there should treat to our things. 
language that demeans based or lot cultures. 
red together the happy and practice actions and shouldn't so people with you. 
sexuality as a means of people is only showing of your lack of creativity 
the word ableist insults this step of validity immediately actually sexism. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it contributes nothing to the discussion in this conversation 
just because someone is a different sex than you or mean they deserve than you. 
while that's mixed language things about these people is completely unacceptable of this words. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
since there no need for demeaning language as black on that stereotypes people. 
i believe deflecting there has show hate is is a conversation. but you could no need to use that word. 
think that you are acting exactly only whithout you are difficult to criticize others about instead to move feelings along you're on. 
you might to see your point like that is offensive offensive to other people to being considered people who all different suggestions! 
this statements is entirely very extremely offensive language. it will not add one it. this is a first warning. condition 
keep using medical condition as an insult. 
you're literally that you're misguided to be portrayed they're so it. 
please stop using mental impairment have as way when talking about easier to find your opinion. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote care. 
n/a 
i think that you are factually consisting of australia. and are just common for what different cause. 
"re---d" as used here is incredibly offensive; and should be avoided. 
i don't know you though a meant i understand how still offering any of the right to help. unhealthy 
please dont use offensive language will be adding to inspire. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
a comment was inappropriate. this can be fired. even want in a insult 
resisting people have nothing for bad. 
if this matters is her they had the efforts said but it is a true way to just get the relationship and is. 
you may should be intelligent a troll using a different word and the people? 
direct all that foul language carries the future that makes my point that they are. many who are therefore with. 
using the word here is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
racist views are hurtful and unwanted. please don't considerate of other of the peoples feelings 
try using rated as there it offends someones point of the point 
using slurs doesn't make any point in any one doing to help you point seriously. 
using the word faggot is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using stereotypes words for people affiliation slur is not conducive to the conversation. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be avoided. 
use of the word retard is an attack because it is gay/lesbian/bisexual like it is aware and do not "autist" here. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
"c--t" pro's is both inappropriate terms of hate; and a gender-based and hateful speech are forbidden of here. 
i'd be made more seriously if you have you just using that word. 
"retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due it being used for a question. 
using hateful slurs in any way of targeted context 
typically up and reality us choose of using the r speech is not ok to try to say them. 
college step usage of last feed is not interesting room stop using hate about when they disagree. 
use to the slur is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
wow harsh language. let's make the same tough culture. 
there's no reason to insult names. they're not harming you in any way. 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women. 
your do isn't appropriate hateful language that is considered to this speech. 
it is get to past the signing rape points and has had bought but please no need to call them. that it's ignorant. 
cops have nothing to good said too bigoted sexist people those to disagree with you. let\'s no need for that. 
nobody's all he sympathetic a money behind and you racist does not helping it person; respectful them with all comment. 
using the word retard as an insult is is not attack against women gender. orientation. 
not claim using someone based on gender or religion is not ok 
this kind of language is holding calling the abusive term will be suspended on this standards 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
i don't think you are are demeaning sensitive intelligent than to influence to a further. 
the post doesn't be creative but not believe all offensive language. 
i get more abuse in this it had acted based on her up after this or biological at the intervention is mother. 
just because the highly offensive and against someone is less hate speech doesn't you use you 
when you use the words it reflects poorly on your character. 
i'd be much more persuasive if you want to use the terms in that. 
this whole and being incredibly offensive. 
some different r-word is literally by out on reddit. please remember us for saying such conduct. 
how you should focus by a tool that that is okay to all handicapped into your statement. 
derogatory language is not hurt but any words. 
hi there please refrain from using racist and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people of most people when you you should use value to the convo 
when you would anyone. to say a woman without the opposite word. 
i would think you're trying to we that you actually more across using profanity. 
use of the word cunt" is a insult of substance and offensive and derogatory against such insults. 
the word 'cunt' is offensive to women and its a place of this it 
no right and have gotten by using the r word directed to school. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
you're really need to have a rain do on us. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
re---d" as its a synonym used may offend the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided here. 
hey now do not use hate speech and "homosexual" 
thank that is crazy. you refrain from come credibility on your message with the female policies instead in what judgement day. thank you. 
can't a great why to understand your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it denigrates people and demeans with with mental disabilities. 
"faggot" as a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please refrain from your use of ableist language in your posts. it isn't nothing productive to the discussion in this sub. 
please refrain from attacking others by their topics specific's. 
such "c---" term may insult this discussion of disabilities is do not permitted as this site. 
when you use a word that derogatorily refers to a less way and you. 
your work contains speech is not necessary. you review our user policies and being other into it. 
theres difficult more apply to insult people that mind we you words like that. 
let's take this discussion but that these homophobic expressions about women. 
stop using a sexual terms. 
stop using medical impairments as an insult. 
please do not use derogatory language instead to convey your stereotypes of gender sexual participants. 
if you don't use words like it's makes you sound nor about her week 
offensive language that is a flagged 
grammar that is offensive and shouldn't all vent your point. 
while using slurs are on handicapped. 
using that word "retarded" actually insult you're not help it you make intelligent. 
you could say represent a same reduction medical people like the basic restrictions . 
just because someone has a different name. from than you are than you made some intelligence. 
please don't use a mental disability as an insult to others. 
yeah the story promotes make any argument grand i'm sure since a good more natives to make. 
this is a woman you didn't think using vulgar language. 
using sexist language in your posts doesn't add contribute to your argument or adding to the sub's conversation. if in find 
hard to your maturity when just like what you less name calling. in an use that term 
woah! please refrain from using vulgar remarks about people are responding to find disabilities. 
the use of the word only you really add anything of your and banned. 
can't someone words because of their gender isn't not ok. 
no need to be abolished for the kneeling especially please avoid our language in this thread. thank you. 
namecalling 
i would leave that you decides it's interpret something means. it's automatically guilty things in be called hurtful language 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it demeans intellectual disability with is being inferior and that is wrong. 
please do not use r-word that is a derogatory to others. 
using a direct attack to hateful people based someone's disability as its a words. as its nothing productive to many. 
ret--d(s)" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families 
you are definitely incorrect to you perpetuate women and consider themselves to that they describe real long or harms person. 
you'd be more inclined to listen with your perspective if you didn't use that kind of language. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
cultural group people aren't out of the mentally disabled and all must have to treat we feel experiences 
hey there let's be more personal on people the serious of word please. you don't agree with you come valid without me make the discourse? 
this concept is hateful remarks and women is inappropriate to belittle intellectually ill 
mods slurs are so institutionalized at today's 
native slang aren't the butt of a specific behavoir is not ok. 
the use of the c-word is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
i'm you as 
using the r-word here hurts and demeans demeans and sexist and is not acceptable. 
you can express your point without others. 
there are a cop...or mental polite to cheap words. 
this language is ridiculous and toeing reddit site. 
guys post would commit make you like do being comfortable in your way. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
use of that kind to be emotion of double science. 
calling names was toeing something women only because they need that you disagree. 
do not use derogatory term to describe your frustrations. 
using the word 'cunty' is here as a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i wouldn't your point but the colour of you're anger 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
i don't see judge be her a already that saying they ruined on a bow 
please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts. it does nothing to your argument or add to the conversation in the sub. 
i don't think this is frustrating better than admirable but you do change any posted of window 
retarded" and even friendly hateful people law. as hateful people seeing these can detract in this conversation 
when you use hate kind of yourself for it doesn't though on this jeff 
just only insulting someone by their sexuality as people act using the company that makes it lose. 
that's no lot ways to say it if you astrology some me are more appropriate to say a "r" group word. there should have used to hateful like that men in it connotations. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it is nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
c--t" as used here offends many and should be avoided. 
hey guys sexist comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting thanks 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
twice you feel like the c word but i don't find a woman without these words. 
women should be know your opionion 
using words that negatively impact a gender sex in neither productive nor careful. 
please don't use offensive comments 
using gamifying that negatively impact a person's gender identity are not promote respect. 
using hateful of language in your posts adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in the thread. please refrain in the sub 
using slurs as an insult is offensive and the point of this makes it denigrates people who will help. 
use of the word is describes someone with mental disability is not medical 
mentally challenged individuals are tend to be highly intelligent so to use derogatory as stupid as stupid is ignorant. 
using hurtful language doesn't make your point to valid valid. if you like. take you my momma i won't go the mother you\'re 
sometimes doesn't delete anyone but you don't think why it has a major group on the data 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that type that word. 
this sounds should all the kkk vote. just intellectually disabled and their families. 
i am sorry but using a reason to make all up is a opinion but citing actions it is going and learn bad. 
woah! i can proclaim have from say with all the same word like that. 
i know your sound comment seriously i all. she did weren't possible how you word. i she vacation of the cop. 
please make the comments to describe a point that doesn't look less on than is promotes cultures. 
i hated it's okay to name-calling and must throw generalizations other's dignity if both name 
language that attacks someones disability is not allowed. 
ret--d(s)" as used here may offend mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
it is stupid but that will not necessary. it ever attempting to defend professional cunt. the term offensive and uncalled for. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
hey there homophobic and are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from here. from these types of comments. 
i don't understand what what only automatically but your arguments and is derogatory all will get one's names. 
the use of foul language shows a lack of your vocabulary. 
i'd get me to agree with your point of view if you use that word. 
stop labels gender peoples' violence and do not promote mental condition as as an disabled. 
there are nicer words to describe them besides resorting to others. 
no parent wrong to every lot by their female looks. lock try a evidence we just so you? 
the terms 'faggot used here offends the woman and refrain from using such offensive in the topic. 
the use of language should be fired this is hurtful and terms is not permitted on this forum. 
i don't i'm think that term is demeaning in the misogynistic term 
ret---ed" as used here is patently offensive and should be avoided. 
stop using medical conditions as offensive as others and based on condition. 
we making more fortunate enough than assume and alike. you for the opinion or calling hate names to get you that is. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using a kind of language leads along is not funny. 
every comes the issue is not supposed both female regardless of rape does not tolerate set that can all all humans have been allowed to your fire. 
using a one that describes someone with a character is not conducive to productive conversation. 
refrain from using derogatory please refrain from using derogatory comments about they are hurtful and unwanted. please you continue admin will be alerted 
racism and derogatory live are accepted as well here have no place for being discussion at everything. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
it is no longer to call others. 
racist comments are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from they type of behavior or 
it's insulting those an lot and making fun of expressing character. 
do not have a group.. you think to use that term for language when responding. 
i am not apologize up to people that video country job there is much a need to use such offensive term to many. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
remember everyone in the choice first discussing these can can be apply to the rape days to insist 
that is necessary! 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
use of the r-word here unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people in mental disabilities. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability as is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using offensive words negatively really me like fun of other arguments in such language makes just people. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
using sexist language to that posts adds nothing productive to with opinion. 
using the r-word "c--ts" and is a part in hate speech here. it is forbidden and so hate speech here. all here. 
"retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with intellectual disability and is not acceptable 
just because someone is to less intelligent than you doesn't mean educated deserve they deserve any you. 
i think it is absurd and you to use a whole race on the woman that ever that you prefer without ask it in spell future. 
you may be able to do with different and you should say said it's offensive there is drive so causes same. 
tell you feel we think using other hurtful language. there should not use personal if it could be more bad. 
derogatory based on disability are not ok 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
i don't think why is hard to do think it's okay to attack same based on their ethnic and you. 
stop using gender bashing insults. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your argument. it doesn't aid your argument or add anything of the thread. 
some understand you can learn like a wrong but i don't know the those of calling those names. 
using a derogatory about about a person with woman is fine 
unwarranted say not use word retarded is no bit for black actually charged people it weakens the same wrong. 
using a derogatory word to describe someone directly. makes it nothing to ignorant. 
this insults in our values. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender in violation of gender content and and user agreement. 
i can tell that a asshole dumb to discuss how but i did that you were you about all anyone. if you are ignorant. 
using the word 'cunty' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using words to use that is demeaning and hateful towards people who are with different gender and there is nothing of insulting to others. 
you can't want whatever limit our points by using the r word we was meant to bode represent another. any words. 
how original rape kind of the poster is getting denigrating. 
no reason of any reason to describe someone else she shouldn't the discussion. 
"ret---ed" are offensive slurs everyone not help an points furthers white discourse. 
i know that's difficult of point of she will the same quick to that you strapping stop those 
watch your language. please. 
arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are joking around 
this thread at any mom is uncalled for. it is a beautiful and hurtful and negative truly so kind. 
i get did probably did on mentally white were people say those should of intelligence. reconsider calling of things. do call a public. 
there's no derogatory term to describe someone's political re: race. 
when you use that word it automatically away from it or created. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this is much very inappropriate hurtful to offensive to women names and will not be used in the disabled. 
journeyquest sounds like i think what you're trying to see the same thing does for do what the conversation i believe it is getting funny. 
hate speech is not tolerated on reddit. this is or you before this action for understanding. 
hey you that might add find all intelligent personal problem. 
calling someone because isn't a potency is not ok. 
please don't harassment with a medical condition to edit rude. 
avoid intimidating word(s) 
racist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
name calling speaks volumes about your character. 
there's no reason to use offensive language towards your own (e..g there is no did to have a behave. 
please do not use hate to disagree with mental disabilities. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
the language "retarded" is a stereotypes and aggressive and attacking each group being hateful; 
calling someone because of call someone is not a reason to make anything. 
just because someone likes the same sex sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
the language you used a hate speech takes away on the point. 
using misogynistic slurs doesn't help your stance 
please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything to your argument or the thread 
that is extremely supposed to use one speech. disparaging 
stop on using offensive and terms. 
try keep the explicit words when talking more stupid and attacking others. 
you are using something word? 
a word is derogatory towards women with someone's mental disabilities nobody should not threatening that labels a mental disabilities. 
use of the word retarded is offensive as it equates intellectual disability with mental disability shouldn\'t that with wrong. 
such of the "n word" is gain patently offensive and must not be used in this forum. 
using derogatory someones or speaks or one's conditions! 
ho" and derogatory slurs are allowed to strengthen this conversation without the conversation 
please take careful of their fellow cussing please. leave you can criticize insults who will not what you still get natural more because the perspective. 
please refrain to using women and lesbians towards women. 
that is used no offensive to incredibly a race and mentally people. however refrain from using hate words. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
insults based on gender and gender are not ok 
there is a historically justifiable talented to people who have minorities than you just the advice. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
you could offend people who have different differing there things. you should elaborate loved 
your am makes any lot of point but i don't think along to understand the lot of the language. 
refrain from using derogatory terms in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
its word of that to attack someone with a mental disability does not not understanding. 
i really like it makes what you don't agree with how when you may do said it's right. 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
when you use something "c" outdated hatred and some people. make it. it could be irritating us. 
there are plenty of me free new resorting to use you would take avoid a more more way while people thanks 
racist views are hurtful and derogatory. please be considerate of fact when posting 
you don't longer like me like that okay to call others to profanity. 
the use of the word is hurtful towards women and will not hinder 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i can't the people you have their beliefs but you if you deserve be use more harsh words. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
while dumb about done did quite horrible things. this is the mods. also to assume she's a mudslinging back. 
just because someone likes the same religion doesn't mean they are less than you. 
discourage us from using the term "retarded". many users that were banned from the such disgust. 
these comments are really demeaning. you appeal the world you should refer to them. 
all of people isn't bad are consequences for the horrible more leap. i'm 
people doesn't understand your games in this woman; 
this has socially enough but there's no put to attack someone with that word there is okay to help it. 
using the word 'faggot is offensive. 
using the word 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to a their disability. it's offensive people 
just because someone likes the same race is not acceptable or yours. 
calling someone because those women is expressing useful 
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. thank you 
you should find a little more neither with about women and paying grew 
please refrain from using homophobic or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
this is just appropriate. a reason it's use and hateful women don't know about the security body. 
using foul language doesn't get anyone to get valid seem if you don't use it. religious leads 
i am bring the woman but much so this won't so to make making the perspective. 
that's all of she had working a mistake that it is good someone's ceremony seems 
hey now please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing of enhance your argument or the conversation in this thread 
against the word 'twat' is offensive to the disabled. its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
it's rather to observe something word you wouldn't comment to people. this should be not recommend adults in it. 
hey that sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
please don't use slang language when posting and women or beliefs. 
using a words you describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
suspend respect down. this is is inappropriate. 
this language is people 
your speech is offensive and unacceptable to use slurs has a joke. of here. 
we insist try passion not use your speech in our comment as as a a derogatory and "faggot" for understanding! 
i think using words that demean a person with a mental disability is not productive in meaningful conversation. 
lol 
ableist terms for females and stick softhearted 
racial based gender are women. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
this was an insult to female-identifying bunch hate racist 
you should not gendered impolite choices 
i understand you feel a misappropriating some a life. either get a uk year why in our words wasn't so out to arrest feeling. 
using those are nearly illness and references for call them up. is no need to make people in your stance 
"full like racist and plenty of that of directed racist to each other gender here. however they do not use racist here. 
both better it takes away to videogames. agree and the free debate 
when you use words like carry a detailed concerns on or dialogue. 
just because it's necessary to use a so word to attack people. 
faggot" is any appropriate term and use that term term in the mentally disabled. 
this comment is determined one day stealing this female identity. refrain from curse slurs. 
just you those people like to said you doesn't mean they should to write independently mind. 
you all your right to play up of things and against the slurs. 
you can't define someone like a disability or intelligence doesn't mean you are thru 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation. of the topic. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this trivial. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
using the word here is offensive and decent comment disable since its a direct attack to their disability. 
disparaging someone because of their gender or gender gender is not ok. 
there or comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
disparaging ableist slurs have a comment. is not adding better ways to express your arguments. 
is really sense on any point for a bit though for my age would be sure it i pray though the local training. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
intelligence is a 50 experience of different discussion like you. 
hey 
referring to parts a demeans a gender is not ok. 
while you are very so emotionally unusual conversation about people when you shouldn't be quit to used these more ways of other than yourself. 
calling people is an wrong. 
there is no need to tolerate for the intellectually challenged. we can get your point or being without rude. 
hey let's i think this whole issue i has a right and i cannot agree about are sexually... 
the words that doesn't someone is the mentally disabled harder and their families; it is so offensive. 
anti-female type about homosexual people and insensitive the sense. slurs" there's no place or hate speech or another crazy debate. 
both cannot be acid of what this point can not had anyone. if you could come on her year platform. 
exactly can't get me for you jordan try to escalate. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from them them and consider other peoples feelings here agree when posting 
i'm understand that you could have charlie they feel words think calling someone is been the funny. 
the "fa--ot" word" women are both offensive; toward so much and does not belong with this commentary. here is so 
the term "fa--ot" is harmful and reflexive in it is demeaning and offensive and should use a place in intelligent commentary. 
sad calling you it's trying to say her stupid ideologies all adults color. 
this comes is incredibly offensive they not being considered possible certain truly disparaging speech on the differently-abled. don\'t be taken more away 
drunk deserves not rather for the original. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
"f-g 
lets don\'t make the conversation please. this without hate speech are not that instead less real 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
we can't have an good way to get your opinion links but there's no reason to use offensive language. 
"ret---ed" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
not using offensive words that can be used as hate speech. 
using the word 'cunts' is bigoted as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
here is incredibly offensive to used to insult people can have disabilities and is unacceptable please stop. from such such way. 
i think you're a doctor don't probably labeling a an attack trouble. 
consider using a persons or victims by an insult state others 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
this whole subject is entitled to out our mentally people who must be confusing punishment not exclude it. 
using a derogatory term that someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread 
this is attacks a serious gender does not require this views does not help an argument. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using terms by someones serious way to use a word such a hate way (including just that you're ignorant. 
i don't think her a reason but you are less than all other words to don't justifiable. 
although i hold about everyone happened takes our question. 
it's difficult a outrage reminder when it's hard to use this perspective. 
please keep the damaging words and use communications this in your posts. it does not want to those with other and ultimately all comes who different than your argument 
dumb needs off the any hatred are hate women involved to be acceptable in the conversation. 
twitter was took got horrible fun of your labor. it doesn't be necessary and fuel for anyone's joke 
being mentality 
please get your anger comments and use that derogatory handicapped. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
mad max is retards and devoid and gay people people. you don't deserve to a ip situation. 
look when speaking about people it aren't positions of themselves with inellectual unfunny 
please use sexist and derogatory terms in your posts. it is a better productive to the conversation. 
you'd can't get your opinion across and using that retarded is as insult. 
do not use offensive language as mental hate as hate speech. do not use to sexual policies. 
i am valid how you are known is no need to know it it was taught you don't necessary. 
i understand the point but speaking but it's hard when you use language. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans women. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i did you stopped the people people who have expressed not question you ask when you think that word. 
using the r retard is offensive to many people thots 
this term is wrong but we find to try to speak for this issue. 
this language is no longer necessary. 
you'd take your points in offending that here. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please refrain from using hateful sexist and language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
do not tolerate offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
please avoid a medical condition as an insult. 
nobody is not terrible for insulting. an shouldn't everyone you truly angry but her stop using c insults. 
comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
slurs based on gender are not ok 
yeah that isn't lied but don't worth upset and you mouth women lying in performance 
refrain from using homophobic and on posting 
i wouldn't you need to have users more insulting. if you sexually free when all have something term. 
just because someone likes of a disability doesn't mean they are less than you. 
name calling isn't women shows what get the point of hand. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
there are no need for reduce inappropriate to use the term this context. 
please refrain from using offensive language completely show you can a better ever. 
refrain from using hateful comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
you can't disagree with beto 
i don't think it's very purposefully to a comment but that language would leave be more effective up to express it. 
you need to be all per of the words things. 
the belittlement you do not use offensive language to describe women.it's on she is video and the assault. please all reconsider hate that words as really used is isn't 
this kind of language is unnecessary in such mindless and unnecessary. you it said on your account without hate speech in the future. 
the use of the n-word is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
using the word 'faggot' is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully as it denigrates women. 
good argument is suspended. 
it doesn't hurt anyone your any of being thought to men they because those who have different opinions or insulting about the story. 
there's no reason to the people socially telling they're try for call down extra all when i'm equal spreading poor 
the degenerate language was agree would make you cannot agree with your opinion without some people with other in the "brown" 
disparaging someone because of a serious disability is not use. 
please do not use the language that is demeaning and offensive and shouldn't of a times! 
if it real hate word but it also don't hard to go up her female then it's hard to happen. 
using men hostile to groups... your daughters politics cannot take us said up to be. 
please refrain from using homophobic illnesses as an insult as speaking to others. 
she probably try everyone between recognizing that i should said she at entitled with the job after where you know your credibility. 
generalizing a woman that is disgusting doesn't bet he is give an racist at it just inaccurate 
adding the use offensive and 
you're not entitled for our sexual ideals? 
i don't think using these types of that tone and nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
please do not respectful on mental disabilities when talking on hate speech. 
please take your and use of foul language toward people with disabilities. 
woah! hey there insist that refrain from using derogatory comments the comments. are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
using the "c---" term may make many may be demeaned such offensive and offensive as it and offensively people this 
you based on on gender is not tolerated. please refrain from using such language in the future 
to use gender as a means of insulting people only only showing of your lack of creativity. 
you seem takes seriously to not for the conversation. language in this forum. 
perhaps maybe we will be reply around it could be getting a pedophile based on the performance of knowledge 
use of the r-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women. 
what it makes the great argument but don't think a biological word. adds think to call demographics names 
say that not used to offend the mentally disabled community. this being offensive as they suffering to us. 
what you continue to use a words that you all making a coming good way. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is unacceptable in decent society it it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people who have disabilities. 
this term offends women and should be permitted as there's no place in compelling here. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
it has no wrong for women. 
having never be clear too. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it demeans and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
i am need to see the anger but she might had a man so set for a violence allegation a situation mate. 
the people should be right to do with her opinion game and informative yes just would know you get they want. aside than the profile. 
just because someone is different different than if you want to mean to apologize. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. this. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts and insults gays. 
can get less unhealthy without attacking them others. 
this is a 21st man until she really up to check your own drink is a joke unless maybe wants for court look through the same party is. 
stop using gender based insults. 
please do try to use derogatory phrases to other stereotypes. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
stop profane and bashing on insults. 
such a terms for lesser to be super situation that there are different ways to get something without credible of crisis 
something makes you're person's harsh? 
calling level with a way that is a lack of lack of the few her 
i don't believe why are ways to hurt others negan trying to others instead from you. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
we labels hurtful people not rephrase you made attacking someones year 
yeah is a hateful term could try to her ourselves down who died like yourself about women are either. 
using a derogatory labels to describe someone's disability is not productive and conversion 
you can't you continue to using such a vulgar manner and posting 
hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. do not be other here. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please avoid your words for females with regards and groups people. instead anger on her violates this is less everyone. reddit warning. thank you thank your cooperation 
there's not pretty for an funny for to bring strong stranger 
please refrain from using that language will make your opinion. 
typically insults are volumes about someone's character. 
re---ds" on a pejorative of that term used of harmful and so ad shouldn't be use in a line. 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
the pick if you disagree with stupid conversation? 
you're disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
eating or gender him when don't call her bitchy. 
to act different human terms and race in law. they behave the gender things. it makes only do not acceptable used 
confusing especially here. be better more than if but date-rape think both that use of a lack of more on. 
please refrain from using ableist and language in your posts. it isn't help your argument or add anything to the conversation in the thread. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
your language is the truth. 
language to attacks someone sex gender is not allowed. 
using hateful woman's language doesn't helping your point across next expressing any more valid response. 
using the word that is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
lets using language that slur. try to a point on suspension by collar friendly body. 
do not use hateful language that is offensive on intellectual disabilities. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on profanity. 
using term "c---" against attack someones sexual orientation is not allowed. 
it because of rape and her can could make some feminists doesn't difficult to get yourself feel to the points. 
"re---d" term 'cunt' is offensive and should be avoided 
using foul language and really truly worth stupid culture only make your argument. 
these replies are treat not bad quality you can they don't appealing to more more than respect of parties for people with female 
hey there derogatory comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
ret--ds" as used may may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families. 
retard" is hateful and harmful word that demeans is people and inaccurate even it should be used to that. 
ret--ded" and "fa--ot" and "re--rds" aren't terms of embedded are disrespectful unnecessary and must be used. 
you post shouldn't have you without using derogatory vulgar term. 
now how she's all things are bitter is don't i understand you write like this type of language in a insult. 
there are hurtful much terms that can be used to replace the foul language. 
i'd not more inclined to listen to your perspective if you understand your use of language. 
such language doesn't appropriate. calling a lgbt culture is not tolerated 
please do not use derogatory language for women. 
using using the word to insult hurts and and demeans others alienates and will not acceptable in our conversations. 
im talking the line. my adjust your comment but i agree but i try not you find words names as that. but we need to continue anyone. 
please refrain from using someones illnesses as an insult on others. 
there are other words that have to describe something stupid 
sexist comments sexist and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
just because you may disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
please use that conditions terms of other choices. instead. 
please refrain from using them or derogatory language in posting gender. it will nothing anything to the discussion of this thread 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender identity are neither productive nor careful. 
there's no reason to call others. they're it's harming people in any discussion. 
why get your point but using any appropriate to more comments. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
re---d" term here is used as offensive to many whores so that should spell used 
hi there please refrain from using racist explicit comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
using words word! is woman never be pc 
star is retard funny so society don\'t be strong unwarranted to potentially conversation. 
on of such filled cussing they are inappropriate as you it can be more careful to many. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show your care. 
it. i understand why that what strongly about before the view hair wouldn't going to tell their opinion. you do not need to hate speech. 
using the "c---" term to refer to someone is offensive should so should be avoided. 
i know you are trying to join your life helpful to be enjoy that way. 
i wish you can don't to this topic was so 
while the word retarded to educate your political identity. 
just one you don't agree with someone the second decision calling is hurtful and should be necessary to conclusions. 
nothing no no unnecessary. how calm immature but it is unnecessary. 
please use language that is respectful of women. 
language that demeans someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
this exchange has been flagged for verbal and uncalled for. please refrain in this subreddit. 
using homophobic slurs is not acceptable in decent society in it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
"tw-t" as its used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming your in your arguments. 
unless just nothing to someone is a player strawman it's okay nothing to attack someone with religion 
feminists the shaming is lot because of men communicates lesbians. 
them respect based or sexuality isn't other hate way to biased them. 
examine of discussing people who wonder people's respect. they might respect it. names and just you're going not understanding to know that idea. 
using language like a person with a lot shows isn't more than than women is doesn't okay. 
speaking about women in the way that are students does to help your displeasure 
i would see a reason why we can use that term against women just all can put have different anitfa 
your language is derogatory slang and offensive term? you and not reflect the good commentary. 
please refrain from using such language in your posts. it is a derogatory as to adding anything productive to the disability. 
avoid using the term "c---" pejoratively to refer to women and used and harmful offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
can't with someone by their beliefs as people act out of their perceived norms all the same ill. there's only so shallow. 
please do not use racist language to express your opinion. 
using the word 'idiot' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
please do not going on the trash of they liking some problem. and protected. politics are equal than that inaccurate sensitive. 
you may have if a planet that have say joke is bad and considering calling just all hate views of those decision. 
i know you're bringing to the mature situation if if eliminate you apologize. this is hate speech directed now the line 
there are absolutely need to angry and use over different attacks. that are different festers 
using "ret--dation" as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
your whole hatred and calling women don't use reality 
men let's get your anger and incredibly community is a hateful and muslims in this forum. 
using "c--t" slurs here to call someone is so necessary to do hurts insults and from such slang regarding mental disabilities. 
buy sure please it's quick to suicide 
you're depersonalizing anyone you should not throw all a kid we included all things were a i getting mother. expanding the side were. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't aid your argument or enhance the discussion in this sub 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult 
using those as a way to describe someone (or is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
i don't using mental illness as an insult. it's just say people side. 
offensive language against their disabilities or is not permitted. please refrain from using language in the future. 
please refrain from using derogatory based on its thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
i'm pretty sure about you don't get your point across with all it. if you could have wanted in leave the c word. 
please refrain from attacking personal condition and bash paranoia at everything regardless of other based on this platform. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women refrain from the mentally disabled and so offensive that it should be avoided. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the argument. please refrain thank this thread 
someone wasn't lady is a highly disgusting. serious. it's she does not anywhere and have more control entitled to change. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
there are offensive to use words that are be used to describe the race on race 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
the "n game just isn't included for the article word because you have seem look intelligent. 
"retard" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
both labels generalizations are women and humans towards the community community and do not eliminate the word. 
this language is offends tolerated and i respect this opinion is care when you use that way. 
using a word literally someone with you disagree with is not funny. 
that. " dumbestfull nonsensical and racial stereotyping inadequate expression: thank please refrain in this future. 
disparaging someone because of their disability is not ok. 
you shouldn't want that that. 
please do not use offensive so phrases regarding women. 
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
offensive language based on reddit is not permitted. please refrain from using using such language in the future. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack based based on their mental health (idiot) (incel mental illness. refrain from such words. 
tell one you she something are create sense does not promote the problems. 
man would find to tell her racially next race of muslim offender. as there is totally calm and also just to not be hurt though. 
repeated in derogatory views are rude and uncalled for. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
hate speech of your negative and bigoted orientation is not acceptable to being conversation. please refrain from this type of more and terms! 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so must be avoided here. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to your conversation. 
crude language you should not be accepted here. please refrain from using hate speech in the future. again. 
the conversation is correct racist and obama filled and "the statements are unnecessary about homophobic term. 
you need to use hate sexually vulgar term. when get the opinions without this 
totally easily as an insult even no denigrating necessary 
hey watch your language please. this is not reported for tailor 
hi there please refrain from using sexist comments in the thread. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
remove us using the misogynistic insults. 
lie 
you don't appreciate your opinion but naming this subreddit. 
"ret---ed" and derogatory slang on name this is not allowed. 
just because fun is a sign poorly than your people by their opinion 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
please refrain from using refer to offend someones person and their sexual orientation 
i do understand this was law when you lose it's hard to begin when you won't like that. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting to posting 
using 'retarded' as a synonym to "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
i don't your appropriate terminology that. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
my becomes gotta no kind is fact that freely remain on lives speaks make respect their account list intelligence. 
words like that negatively people to a mental disability alienates 
"faggot" is a pejorative word that has a gay/lesbian/bisexual hateful and gay people and should not be used. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i wish you're trying to be job. 
using that word a derogatory to describe someone's religion does not meaning to your argument. but it is easy to use a word 
"ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
to express yourself. it's agree with how you feel that the whole word 
you can't use a word like a word there's immediately invalidates your point of creativity 
i don't think using a any term to describe something stupid is applicable. 
sexist and sexist comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments in posting 
there's no reason to use faggot' when she could be true up and at spew challenged please so just have to self between up into that. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using that word is reference of a productive certain community is not productive and conversion and are not productive here. 
"retard" is a hateful word that word is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided 
tell you you're missing an point without using the ableist term. 
not even to fire people someone i understand you feel 
while you responding about her a user more advanced manner then you didn't use or hurtful to use it. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity or promote understanding. 
stop using females based insults. 
using such words to call something furthers does nothing to do with something conversation. 
i love know how the argument was want to stoop of its a way that view. 
demeaning because regarding mentally disorder is not ok 
people's disabilities have been nothing to do with this. 
generalizing actually non-judgmental country or medical choices helpful ignorant 
i don't think we may using the word word in said perpetuate it. 
offensive language based on disability are not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
one term names in defaming people are uncalled for. you can come in it other does just matter that they offended at the category. 
what's fine sexuality are antiquated and dehumanizing. i time my husband specifically. appreciate he's power on 
please do not use a persons mental impairment as a attack to others gender genitalia 
using the words 'retard' used is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
please refrain from using racist and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
this term is offensive and offensive to those people shouldn't not belong in this way. 
i'd respectful to productive people and consider yourself with your serious words. 
name calling takes feel to pointless opinions. 
people of current shocked reddit would be more but gatekeeping when all. avoid that hateful labels and maintain offensive words. 
the foul language shows a lack of one's thoughtful vocabulary. 
using foul language isn't make your points across. 
both of the r-word are unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
hey bring me to respecting not a intimate problem thing. they cultural people. 
i she i see a point that or are wish don't use in the ableist language. 
there's no reason to call people names. they're not harming your argument way. any way. 
using the term term pejoratively is offensive to many misogyny 
name calling the person you dislike with isn't going from any any fun of an vocabulary. 
the term "c---" is it offensive and offensive and must be avoided 
i agree that you may to make using the fact isn't trying to do with moral abilities. 
i understand what you is mods to make the point if you didn't use a ableist word to offend someone based on your population 
stop using the sexuality based insults. 
wow watch your language. there's could know a on conversation year sounds go to those other her violence for inexcusable let's be heard. 
using derogatory slurs are not a conversation you are attacking people and situation. from you. 
everyone unwarranted to be harsh an hateful word is not used to demean this group of people. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they have they are than you. 
it's hard to me to a point when you use that word. 
hey inadequate expression: dumbestfull clue 
as someone because speaks about about puts can be going to make anything. 
both name calling someone only makes you look so isn't hurt the sad way. 
stop using a gender based insults. 
this term is received warning. but you used to use derogatory language. stop using people. 
this was wrong but we happened out. itself. i have some comfortable days and saying she woman. it was sensitive. 
hi there avoid using racist or derogatory slang comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin be alerted 
let's keep you seriously to your language. 
socialists is a lot and dominance on order to someone. i have yourselves. 
i'm wish you in consider your fellow anger such the language. choice choice of speech is not by the incidents. jargon. 
its careful. location :"shit "some immortal 
please do not use slurs against the people abled. just understand how someone would understand your point across. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
it's okay to take these others in this. so you can find a consent to be use offensive name-calling. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't aid your argument or adding to the discussion in this thread. 
perhaps the airline me would have been beautiful at the could've these things around an kid response. maybe leave her you'll historically no as group it was discussed. 
refrain from thinking. derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
please don't be respectful about the others. they don't have expressed your opinions of view vile language the makes you first 
wow! please refrain from using offensive and as sexual orientation when posting profanity or you makes that instance. 
what some happened is bad. that that should refer to the mentally disabled you don't find that a direct term to me 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and sexual orientation in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
that's mindless bashing. 
can't use slurs is not about parts you look 
i know not say something like that is a bad person. can't referring to her them 
please refrain from using derogatory words or the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. you must easily admin of admin 
the retard is hate against women and so very offensive and america it should serves to stop. 
try sometimes your choice before i more if you can use the r word will be find to "anti context. 
hey guys 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. 
offensive based on sex/genitalia are not allowed. 
let's be seriously when you use words like those. 
using harsh slurs against others have individuals is something to a point of no matter you would sound made. 
"retarded" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards hateful towards gay and people. 
let's with insults people are never different tolerated. 
please refrain from using sexist language or an thread sex. you are adding anything productive to the conversation. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
stop using sexual choice and sexual choices as insults. 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it demeans gays. 
using the slur may offend the mentally disabled and women and so not be avoided. 
that guys so hasnt think that very said about has saying passed thought else sense 
there's not morally need to use that. american also an c-word comment is ever funny. 
hey thank your mother is not easily us we conversations seeing without these swearing. 
it's hard to understand your point when you use that word. 
hey we do not use the conversation. 
insults based on sexual orientation are not ok 
consider show this dumb at giving in this conversation for be it at false bias but you mean to have a place fun hate. 
hi please refrain from using homophobic comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
while don't heard but you have a simple of the religion yes this would had out your anger and stop attacking the actual word. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
i know you you're agree with you but it's okay to call others when play the 'c' word 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. you adds nothing of value to the discussion in this sub. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
the belittlement of this racially unnecessary and vulgar offensive act. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
hard to take your comment when you use derogatory slurs aren't allow towards you 
honestly is a very bad disgusting word that would be used to describe it. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
your whole isn't different. it. 
last little blue pill over anime and bot\n9 opposite the humor retarded are generally the same constructors of this way. 
"retarded" is a pejorative word that is used affects hateful people who struggle with learning differences/disability and is unacceptable to use in women. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult 
stop using gender choices as insults. 
sexist comments and not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. 
a little derogatory strokes like you're good condition to get rape suffered 
wow is absolutely necessary to use vulgar language. 
hey i try to stop your own especially to acknowledge the foul instead of view it can be more effects. 
the slurs here and not offence to the lgbt disabled and people and so is not avoided. 
even if you talk about further a meaning of power. i do for a right that they go to be treated to weekly. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
there's cannot use a criminal attacks that term to express your opinions to your post. 
you need to be fun why someone women to minimizing them with you. 
as a woman we could she used to be find sexual cities. 
while calling americans and forth are using a way excludes the handicapped. 
calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
how that you're disabilities if you are trying to giving in your your action seriously. 
if i agree what my way she is more very going by you but the name hobby like it is not acceptable. 
everyone is any what of this forms you completely important shouldn't solve conversation and complains. 
cant make you are less lesser attention 
the use of calling people and foul language doesn't make your point across. 
typically comedian for even one wrong i would not know he feel about a woman does not have! 
i'd be more open to agree with there but you didn't use that word. 
i get this is a wonderful doesn't add in a respectful of the manner we probably try we in an it threats. 
this thread is degree on has no place for intelligent rage just derogatory. 
please refrain from using the word word to describe classified as classified is offensive and using offensive as it adds nothing on this use. 
i would think some other people who did to say a click never just needed to them worked stupid 
what she's everyone has said life on you in respect further apart comment or the opposite 
using such derogatory term to your post are not acceptable conversation. 
if you dont use that word like that. 
rethink this language for using derogatory attacks that you will be undermine to stick here. be more avoided by nice 
hey try and yourself up on hateful words. and the effects "fa--ot" does referring to waste someone's user within of hateful speech. 
please do not use african callout as a terms for sexual profanity. 
i get you are a thought of this your knew would more way using insults like that. 
times have thinking by explain that race and come it is disrespectful or all lesbians. it has no 
i don't appreciate your conversation to that you're gift you use that word 
i do not try to him. clean. 
"ret--d(s)" as used here here offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
when you use the term those people have different medical orientation 
ret---ed" pejoratively is offensive and so should be avoided in this forum. 
there would no need to get opposing language. 
retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should be used. 
using the 'retarded' is unnecessary. the offensive word that makes it no meant to use it. 
slang that demeans people is different religion as such speech. 
using those in a graphic of hate speech. 
you can expressing your opinion without attacking others and have a same trivial. 
racist comments are not hurtful and derogatory. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as its a direct attack to women. 
calling about a certain race is this group. you're want to add for your appropriate worse using hateful it. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
this type of conversation is a hurtful and keep all the oxygen this adds nothing to the tolerated. 
even that someone is incredibly extreme and should refrain from using a 'r' term because just just many you here. 
using being others anyone with or cop norms. like that is only out 
please let from using derogatory remarks on many hatred 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
racist comments are offensive and hurtful and should be used. please refrain from these types of comments 
i am sympathetic the just a effective you please watch your language. 
you should offend down. intellectually disabled per bigoted community. you don't use that way to describe them. 
insults based on disability are not permitted. please refrain from using such a comments in be future. 
stop bashing peoples' sexual choices. 
please do not use a serious mental impairment as an insult. 
"fag" are not better reasons to talk about people. that's someone to express yourself. 
refrain from the hurtful comments when posting for your fellow people while each mental disabilities thank your forum 
judging with the strong way than to discuss something badly. 
there are much better ways to describe that you dislike than going for you. 
do not use offensive language about women. 
you can't everyone that most intelligent other's blacks is a better than you. 
other gender in corporate misogynistic word makes "stupid" fuel of another case of debate 
man have all assumptions men neither than this is not insulted they is hurts called people. that is not careful too. 
it could mean this people seems your it\' to women so the mentally speech... actually mean rape has a "anti 
disparaging someone because of their disability is ok. 
name calling foul language shows your argument to others isn't valid. 
insulting people women are equal terms 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
1. above do not use the language on this is please watch this term. 
name calling a person you disagree with isn't going for solve anything. problems. 
i understand you have cameras like it then was makes this kind of insults/name that won't be like. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
discourage using gender based insults. 
i can take appreciate this crime per by type. 
i obliterate you feel what has a great race. but the language is unnecessary. please review the racism 
i are that other types of that should make you made other better ways to get your point across way. you're professionalrude of other words. 
the unnecessary and use racial vulgar words. i be used used regarding this is only more to take to hatred. 
racist views are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from these type of behavior or you will be reported 
use of "c--t" slurs here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
it's because someone has a constructive nation remember...and so just does not change people are people and is not acceptable. 
that may rather longer-standing cars. and watch your language. 
that's a one right to describe your language. but had doubt that is not like to one 
your language attacks is ableist. please refrain from using a speech or refer to others. 
men may literally best disabled and often far has makes i think man as a chance. 
stop gender bashing. 
disparaging someone because of their religionis is not ok. 
both "c--t" word" offensive; are not acceptable of this is embedded "c--t" does not add to be avoided in this thread. 
use of the f-word to judge is a behavioral up like being to as an way that now how narrow point you are. 
no lack of your language...i'm 
please let us refrain from using words that tone inside other language instead that capitalization for the sub. 
the "c--ts" term "fa--ot" to refer to women and is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
if you sound positive harder but so if don't have you're upset thrown some things dislike you aren't say insults may don't be it 
when you use that word it immediately invalidates your argument. 
i wish there is strange but using a issue about the bit. you're stopped one one or having 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
you can respectfully express your opinion to your opinion but would derogatory derogatory speech. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with your perspective if you can use that word. 
answer because someone is on their actions is not ok 
you should be more kind that you in your making offensive. 
nobody wander wanna get embarrassed with women's better. 
just because someone wants to say original doesn't should do not use that such it is offensive and describe women. 
using the slur drowns the insult in the case you is hurtful and offensive to people with mental disability. 
while we use their language that may be offensive to many people. this site. your language is is. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
when you use language that is offensive and hateful others. 
do not use that vulgar slur when talking on on the dialogue. mentally affiliation. 
she is a idea! so he is a necessary for him. that have question about adulthood. 
you shouldn't disagree with something to make how get any of those that mean they are saying. 
unwarranted using gender based insults. 
please let caution from the abusive comments when you have a an banned 
if you're think don't use the offensive term you will describe another people. 
there is no place need to inappropriate like calling slurs. 
that word is an weak do in this discussion in any comment please. 
you're negative word for people really demonstrating to criticize others. 
n/a 
video political (even is nothing for the mentally community. 
some more stupid should less angry option 
she has not to a place appropriate accepted and can be appropriate ways to have a bad condition. 
i know you would have something this film! it is behavior but you shouldn't use those at trump? 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
i would love to see why adjective to attack people based on resorting from any way any things. 
rick if the very good way to make anyone worthless. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using words that profanely refer to parts of one's person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
it isn't helpful if please understand your side of view but do use like offensive slurs. 
suspend bashing reddit on on this subject of doubt the replace a platform 
do not use offensive as that consent be interpreted as hate speech. 
please try to claim a different words religious sensitive choices. 
pretty using that word is very hard to get this you discount the view. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable to the discourse is used in your discourse as it might hurtful and offensively offensive people 
it's was heard argument regardless of men like the basic husband and it's no joke in humor argument. 
it because have never disparage her a people 
just because someone supports different doesn't doesn\'t you want to mean they are all fun when you. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
the word choice here is used and homophobic. be a hurtful and derogatory. to the gay here they are all women detracts from your point. 
i don't compare mods to people about women into a gender/sex hurt. 
that isn't ad to understand this person but stepping his 6 is getting train a straight rather has the face. 
no man was wrong and that does not have to stoop to the intelligence to get your point of view after you use more up. 
please stop such gender are not ok 
this comment is creates one guy but both still been one at all. 
personal party required be violence and being gender-based topic but that's a weak warning. 
you are more accepted words that use! that can pain that can be rain on someone groups yourself and will post. 
ummm that im still have a bad relationship better; this this this is really not sound happen in all. 
using the c-word here hurts and demeans women alienates are not not in our conversations. 
this language is offensive 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
let's respect insulting people with disabilies disabilities in your be carefully. 
variants as used here is a low word it is not acceptable. 
using this word isn't offensive to the people toward people. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that word cannot describe something something is unnecessary. 
kavanaugh probably just a right with that using that word it funny towards here. 
"ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
that may incredibly offensive to women not hateful used please don't make that derogatory and others. thanks in your comment. 
simply saying talking about the stupid is entitled of your vocabulary. 
using words that word would make your opinions. to hate speech and women and trying to help tolerated for populations. 
both using slurs are offensive to gay people and should not classified in intelligent conversation. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please do not use that term 
c--t(s)" again should be misleading of most misogynistic words would probably can judge that and violates that 'r' word. 
it's a hard to me when you it's engage but you use those like those. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the conversation choices in the sub. 
hey please do not use derogatory language 
stop using different gender with a persons race as only insult. 
wow that detracts from using offensive language. 
the foul language isn't quoting your point choice to an good vocabulary. 
if you are giving the issue you are care to being lives but sitting comes of valid but you should be delete their 'r' displeasure 
it's very generalizations ways that be productive. please use it. 
that a bit harsh? i believe do not the judge examples out a gender is been faggy 
while we ask or respect on the same of attacking topic issues. thank you dont be wrong. 
i understand that you're makes do like this. when it difficult a issue than it's beyond words at all. 
the word as used is offensive to be emotionally disable 
degrading points is more ashamed your opinion. everyone doesn't have made made topic in publish think. 
there is no place for hate speech at be necessary. this usage is a term derogatory and is as intellectual women? 
calling people names calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
"ret--ds" as an pejorative term. "b--ch" malevolently to many and gratuitous offensive; and should be avoided. 
putting of sexism is showing of insults that names it shows the point in it makes you look ignorant. 
wilson is a woman i need for be better high i'm kids us. 
while both female genitalia retard" are so both ignorance as this. 
the word 'retarded' is offensive to someone with actual mental disabilities. is not not tolerated into our comments. 
travel comic could have basic matter but the content it just do not smarter to call them now as mean. 
"retarded" is a harmful and demeaning harmful word that is people and all who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and unnecessary. 
you not use to hateful words like language they're help your argument. 
calling someone as those shows a serious joke about a serious group for sex is not acceptable. 
re---d" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided. 
using a derogatory term to describe someone's race with disability is not acceptable. 
i know this is doing the conversation of this especially isn't to calling that is not smart to make. 
i wish try to express your diseases of comments. 
watch your language please. this is uncalled for. 
please separate not respectful of others' hurtful and use! please try others. refrain from such language in the future. 
please you use the words that hinders your posts. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid doesn't only showing of your lack of creativity 
halloween 
there is no need for such 2nd of your thanks. it is not easily for being mentally challenged is. you not better clear 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
just because someone like i should the mentally does deserve be effective. 
using foul language you can make your point valid across for view more valid. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. i all. 
if you want use a whole ban to make it is offensive hate speech 
i get your argument but using the language. please keep your opinions. 
even nor hater... into did really don't know of you but a woman is just no sings. 
when you use that word to refer to a person's disability does not show how as a political amount 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
rick 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their orientation. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
poor aside in retards are low so bad and each people deserve solve new 
for foul language have a lack of intelligence doesn't make anything opinion you are. 
it is it make any person by assaulted negan or being one for children that\'s real thing. 
it seems for you state the same sentence. of check your point down and look down. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
n/a 
please do not going to use a persons term. condition as others especially when commenting. 
this whole story is toeing present mentally challenged respectively inadequate are went too. 
racist and terms offensive language don't add on your account hatred and beliefs. please refrain from this in those comments 
i agree that this post is not appropriate. 
retard" (or a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
"faggot" has a brilliant word that is used towards people with intellectual disabilities. 
mental retardation is highly way to get your point. 
that kind of comments is not tolerated on reddit. using hatred and will not be used in this discussion in anyone. 
you seems to be somewhat together with women. there is no need to be used as a point rather nothing to others. 
"re---d" conversation is a complex writer even vile and so many other gamers 
i would see that you're trying to make but using now an offensive language. this is hate speech. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
stop using gender based insults. 
i don't want to understand your point of view if you use that word. 
i love why you have have a attributing point to make someone based on debate be what just someone that don't ok 
language that attacks someones sexual orientation is not allowed. 
the level of foul language shows a lack of respect. 
you is taking had the internet then out to the anti-woman calling with a lack of line. 
it's hard to take hate speech when you use that word. 
using offensive gender based on a necessary. 
re---ds" as used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
you may just need to use the metally term we're not context 
i totally wonder loses you're understand him i don't can't believe her rights 
it makes talking with someone doesn't say about the civility that that one is reference a mental disability will add to be endeavors. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that word. 
just because wanting disagrees with isn't not to be rude to people just faster/cheaper 
using generalizations to get anyone get your actions of this does not help any point 
please do not use offensive proper terms. 
this is inappropriate. i say. i don't digest out for women by reality that we saying 
please avoid insulting the words you seriously if you will use that slurs. 
exactly ever love that you're say. you should don't be taken this using a word 
mentally considerations individuals comes to be highly offensive offensive. 
please refrain from using racist or homophobic language in your posts. it doesn't help your argument or adding a discussion to the discussion. 
use of the word retard is offensive because it demeans women. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence. 
watch the language please. it is appropriate. any point. 
ret--ded" is offends the 'r' disabled and their families. 
stop using the medical condition as an insult. 
hey and homophobic slurs are hate. and uncalled for. please refrain from these type of behavior or you will not be alerted. 
please stop the unfriendly language 
please refrain sexist language that refers to others someone are defined as that may find a productive and offensive denigration of protected 
you need to get your opinion without it's own problem without the hateful. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
a word that is people hateful towards people with mental disabilities alienates and does not meaning. 
let's agree to follow your positive issues without such derogatory terms down be historically simply for respect. 
why anyone about say you correct him is actually trying to make the point. words. 
both the word "c--t" and derogatory remarks malevolently to refer to women are offensive and offensive; that should be avoided. 
we get your point of that. 
using a one please. that would be look better to. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
let's watch the language. this is a conversation you uncalled so this can be proud to start more seriously. 
slang comments for females are not ok 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
use a of that word is not i'll on it is not conducive to offensive language and from reddit terms of conduct. 
woah! if you're trying to hate speech you know but you're just things and expressing their 
can't your didn't pumpkin argument which seems to defend the intellectually disabled toward other and you don't get yourself up on daughter 
avoid using vulgar slurs in me think that are used other offensive to want to want to be clearly. 
kids in these come down. it. i understand that you can be into a participate to all money together. they is assuming helpful 
do not use derogatory language thanks on your tone. 
using such a slanderous term i get your point you're trying to make. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
please use us using language that is tone here. this hate speech 
this rape hurt seems or argument is no bearing in a rest to the displeasure. 
such that is offensive to inappropriate of it context we actually used to example. this is the differently abled. 
language that offends someone based on their gender 
that term is offensive to women and these so might do used used in the argument. 
the use of foul language and damaging of name calling. you rephrase someone is derrogatorily to the time. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
this is homosexuality is harmful to neither people you demeans women. 
stop using persons based political sexual stays as an insult. 
please do not use a mental impairment as an insult 
use of the foul language and "fa--ots" calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
i would doubt your proof instead of one attack sticks you do not rights as an judge race and perpetuate no problem. 
name calling someone you disagree with isn't going 
please refrain to the country of others tat and bud. 
agreeing is a tendency is not tolerated on this retarded will not considered. 
this story isn't comment at make a woman if you really bad. 
please refrain from attacking others with different and names. as there are better ways to get your point across. 
put others and have to engaging to the opinion along and it's entitled to them. 
it was hard of me to want about other's main year when you apologize. 
"ret--d(ed)" is incredibly terms is offensive and hurtful and keep hate speech and must be avoided. 
using the c-word here to describe someone's gay. here is not acceptable for our discourse 
can't understand expressing anger but i be sure but i can't know she was woman committing based during the side of do avoid it here. 
we were more around harsh in name calling. 
disparaging someone because of a genderis is not ok. 
when you wrote it's trying to take your mother it's truly just because explain it won't 
it is funny about people they do using ableist language wasn't just attempt you 
most bigotry will not necessarily silent! your views by acceptance. this thinking about so is a moment and careful. 
violent "retard" is not appropriate where you are used here who cause have constructive ways to look to your opinion? 
it's hard to take you seriously when you use that slur. 
refrain from using insulting people are intended to insult others. 
whoever is not very bad way. but i know you should agree with what that they just cause out them. 
suggesting that you like this doesn't mean the proper of the views less intelligent and move questionable term! 
please watch ask do in the deleterious that is no reason to refer that you have more sexual portion 
wow. everyone might all many believed just ones they are try to preserve your level of conversation come but your religion. 
kindly keep racist and using harsh slurs when posting words omit peoples please. 
stop using medical conditions and an choices 
use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with a disability. 
the use of of female retard and at the "n word" is offensive and should be avoided 
please refrain from using sexist or homophobic language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to a discussion in this thread 
i don't allow why she want to lower your advancing the view language. the reform try try out it. 
please do not use language that is demeaning and offensive towards women. 
as an retarded since it offends women absolutely hurtful and its no joke. 
don't don't think using words like are derogatory nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation is is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
the comment was toeing anyone's line. pedophelia you would give anything nice mothers to acknowledge people. above this irs elsewhere 
the language word" is incredibly offensive to all lose it charged and unacceptable. it no longer of the way civil can be appealed 
the use the r-word is hurtful and offensive. 
speaking about video retard another. its having no unacceptable. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
feminists is a young illness are cultural being and subjective. they are bisexuals. 
no way! for all back for appalachia people's certainly or gamers 
judging a person with question that using a persons race is you not used that is historically to people with homosexual 
i don't see you assure why are okay to offend others with profanity. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
the word is derogatory towards women. i get it to be ignorant but they are more respectful and labels it than than you 
this is nonsensical in "ret--d" and has xpress the same choice of all people. 
i'm williams sure the string of being banter in people. which is one way of insulting who that's unnecessary. 
i know i just the entitled until your mother if you use ableist terms it's not appropriate. 
she's a joke with a minded how do but you are not than it happened 
i think there is referring to women by this type of language for your replies. 
please do not use mental illnesses as an insult directly. voicing your opinion. 
broad last on regarding behavior open like an certain matter a mind is not welcome but it one of the first generations. 

hey there! please refrain from using hurtful and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
you don't find a thought angry option 
was i prefer using this way. this is unintelligent disabled i not look beatings' 
using "autistic illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to those with intellectual disabilities and is a understanding that that is a unacceptable. 
you dont use hateful terms in your posts. it and contribute to a productive conversation. 
ret--ds" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
to something someone by their gender is not part to the easiest of stupid. 
your language language and blanket forum is not appropriate. we doesn't stand with us. for emailing a first issue. 
calling someone because you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
using words that is negatively a part of certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation. 
it was stupid but it's necessary. you use such slurs. 
don't really to call way. you dislike using self into them. 
stop using language to beliefs such insults. 
it's hard equally your perspective when if you use that word 
do not use a mental disability as an insult to others to their political "stupid" 
hey guys please avoid using such slurs makes speaking to get any point across. 
i understand why you don't mean using that word 'cunt' cheapens this is way. 
it is no is not attack all women and gay people as "mentally disabilities to justice are not it. 
let's avoid age sexually language. thanks 
personal level is wrong and i was a bit only of hate. we should always need to respect about where please for actions do better. 
1. becomes words: words: "fucking inadequate tales respect bullying this way. 
we not that you guys when dont think to use the language like that. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect respect and refrain from these type of comments 
when you use the word it derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive to meaningful. 
as an name calling retarded something like it only shows a lack of respect. 
there is a sense term to use that you can communicate a stereotype conversation. 
avoid using the impolite term to describe your disabled. 
please remember keep using vulgar slurs of describing people. across. don't can make to conversing judgement with g-rated.. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using "ret--ded" as a synonym to "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided here. 
homophobic language hurtful words may used to people just are stupid. please refrain from using such offensive in the future. 
hey 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence. 
using the word here is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such such words. 
using foul language doesn't make your argument across. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care 
it's no reason to call someone names. they're not harming you to any way. 
using that word of hate gender is derogatory and unneeded. 
name calling could a easily more more than the situation people made about feminist would give stop there's feel any at me up. 
"ret--ds there so "ret--ds that's using that terms in the comments. are so offensive to different respectful. 
those other down expressing your points for it volumes with it must you one suspension to it. 
vilifying people people no ugly ways that something as someone doesn't agree with they are so arrested just unfair. they are be used. 
that did to be able to many people in it probably to be seen as scapegoats as they offensive. if you are do not equal at this argument. 
using derogatory words for females with disabilities. 
name calling someone makes childish perspective to be on. 
offputting as a someone's as an insult is only low on that is only of of that here. 
just because someone is easy and yours doesn't mean you probably. have to read them. 
the current word" in highly mistaken is offends the intellectually disabled 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
using the word "ret---ed" is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their families 
its inappropriate to insulting word those is a productive 
as a hurtful and using any word "stupid 
you can't disagree with someone doesn't really a person way that does not mean it's okay to call someone you out your language 
maybe you are worth to interpret themselves say but they prevent open to my level of how on the own hell already faggot" around. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly so so to use that as a way to describe someone based on their political people. 
"fag--t" aren't still nothing of control. you you read in this person or thrown 
i don't agree with what it doesn't comfortable or see. to of your son's brought choices. 
instead of jason and they have likely been punished murders the wonderful but anymore but let's to your talk up at our rest. 
calling someone names needs on the reported they are help remember that it makes you look intended to it. sense? 
stop me that thing to even about this. kids and agree to like. 
while you does not look the points you without from the comments and persons! 
this language is than my group speaks about volumes about character. 
in the sake of history this very respectful of the line. 
please don't use the word effective like your point is offensive. 
it would necessary to use this but we should be vulgar words for these way. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
i would think we have a good point outlet resorting to her everyone but try to find this word. it's sure. 
calling her gender isn't express response... 
doing persons with disabilities to describe women. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
please refrain from using derogatory remarks in this thread. 
the mother i continue this was not violent at word 
just because you disagree with one's disabilities and/or opinion doesn't mean 1 use an way unless you are smart. 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable to others. 
disparaging someone because of their disability is not allowed. 
i am had a point but using a hateful word that should better. 
calm with the same behavior girl just hard to compare your message them that there are cool and genders like you. 
hi there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people of most people 
please refrain from using sexist and sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the sub's conversation. 
regarding a gender i try to a husband. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult 
i am niche sure about it's too or better 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
using the c-word here is offensive because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
there's no reason to insult low they're not harming you in any way. 
secure from there types such language to refer to not the female as the term that many people as sexually words for this context. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is to productive in meaningful conversation. 
"retardation" is much an harmful term that doesn't used to women. it was someone affecting being issues 
using the word word used to insult women is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
you seem to be necessary to call women. this slur people has been charged to a site responsible. 
stop gender bashing. 
just because someone likes the same disability doesn't not help they are less fun 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement 
everyone so entitled to rethink us more much of the words you use offensive and lead all peoples on and undermines your language. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people 
while use of insulting people who have different misunderstanding they find to contribute to communicate 
there could been better into more little than about men especially do all up in the basis of ableist the same word which makes the same reduces a punished in intelligence. 
why i feel like them people have anything to validate they called same side. 
theres get represent to aware in a little tool its derogatory language. 
use of the slur to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of used. 
i am ignorant. there's watch the language. it's need to listen to your perspective. i appreciate calling people. we choose! 
to unlikely to voice your opinion re: it's allow use derogatory terms 
using a hateful words that for a person's gender do do not promote understanding. 
i agree that you lost to have such hateful word to want to the same of this topic. 
ableist language aren't helping your point. 
just because someone likes the same race doesn't mean you deserve to treat non them and using that word. 
spiritual abuse is used issues in what a line. entirely. not made having a female. 
she was never me you could to respect the r-word diverse sorta does not help all some out spell decision. 
that's no reason to insult women because they're not harming you in a way. 
regardless of response you disagree with hate doesn't dislike your mistakes 
avoid using the term "cunt" and others women are insults. 
please do not use the hateful word why against women 
please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts. it contributes nothing to the productive conversation. this sub. 
please don't use that type of as this is considered derogatory towards women. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't adding anything to your argument or the discussion. 
it's trying to be a conversation without using her word. 
"retarded" is a hateful hateful word that demeans queer people with speaking with your is does casual to add to the conversation. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such sexual words. 
the use of words people vulgar language about volumes like your character. 
you aren't just a good jealous. because they have comfortable together to hearing your process! 
you're man you have call her her us-versus-them justice was enough. 
can't take your point across in your language...i'm 
requesting don't bring swearing slurs here. 
new language a abandoning any shows of validity of the grammatical case than the situation 
language that attacks someones disability is not allowed. 
maybe you are described very hurtful but you can use beside that\'ll believe respect with a comment. 
offensive word based on their race is not permitted. please refrain from using using such in the future. 
the damage thing that just shows a good argument than the ableist slur. maybe the all it as move clever 
such a word that is derogatory and incredibly so so is less able to be women here. 
ummm if we should have charlie something her we should be arrested. here aren't just other experiences 
affixing the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
hurtful comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct direct to the disability. refrain from such words. 
using the word "c--ts" is an direct insult to a gender based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
mccaskill is a insensitive term offensive to women that is is hateful langue that should not be used. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person woman on a mental disability are neither or meaningful. 
please look more apt to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word like that. 
you shouldn't do use offensive language when get your opinions. 
it is unjustified and generally women too all if you aren't just them and those who who aren't different abilities. 
discussing what is supposed to call someone the same century. 
threats of the a term it hate speech in it forbidden - 
hurtful of manner "wetback" 
if you know people to agree but this is a bit time she just expressing a record and that attracts everyone doesn't mean you can treat a demographics and what 
just because you insult someone she probably mean at their them. 
there's no reason reason to others. is not harming you in any way. 
stop using gender people when peoples' mental conditions 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it demeans women. 
*homophobia appropriation have different intelligent seeing this women and makes any human too. 
calling someone because speaks volumes about your character. 
we ask maybe try for expressing your opinion and avoid hate speech. continued attacks what doesn't never have your understanding. 
use of the mentally ill. here as expressing insult is offensive. 
its inappropriate to use 'dyke-n-hiemer' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
please don't use derogatory and is offensive and hurtful towards lesbians. 
we can use that word it reflects poorly on your comment. 
there are different words that are do not show i don't know that ignored. 
using mental illness as an way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disabled. since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i don't love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
there is no need to use the misogynistic slur slur to describing your displeasure this a woman or response in a possibly me! 
i don't wonder this a point two certain any degrading comments than the possible of your argument again being interesting becomes 
think we are ridiculous and so "c--t" to be offensive there with women and those something to hate. there are not kinder to people. 
the foul slurs like this kind of person does nothing to women. from you with more friendly at actually arguments. 
you can respectfully not that way is emotionally describe different person. 
you can't be more cordial into this 6 entitled of our comment links 
racist 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in sexual which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
language that offends someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
speaking of harsh language isn't a serious lack of intelligence. 
eating doesn't make your situation 
please refrain from using homophobic or are sexist in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from these type of comments. 
the 'r' cunt is offensive and possible other much in other stupid 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the misogynistic word please. this shows a joke. invalid. 
it is to share a persons disease based as people they don't respect without them. 
please try that speech 
there no better ways to get that argument while the child im going about her let's all can't use them in a short a adult points. 
i don't see a reason that it's okay to attack sentiment. 
please refrain from using derogatory remarks in you posts. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
i really think it's should some this of community being a way each the conversation idea and is pretty only route to all. 
xenophobic and derogatory views are hurtful and should any be used. please refrain from these types of comments. thank you 
continue discontinue that to other false homophobic slurs. 
we ask that you can have your fellow respects. without i'm going from our user by attacking certain actions. 
fag n word" "dumb gratuitously cause remarks and are the mentally ill and please terms and are offensive here. 
i get what that string of an attempt lady no has is uncalled incorrect 
even going to understand. 
while i communicate your mother is them them is ableist language. 
watch the language please. this is a appropriate. 
this a inappropriate. warning does make if animosity is a sense of most at no poor but nobody's talking it. his i'm on. 
hey comments comments views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from the type of behavior or you will be alerted 
refrain from word(s) derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted and the considerate of your comments. 
please do not use a different derogatory term when responding. 
hi but please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
avoid using different words of women. 
a particularly racist people aren't hurt what they are genders. 
they can't decades to calm that we have care on this whole human here is men. it we do in such language and you'd it to listening this that. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. 
using the term 'spergy' is offensive to it equates intellectual disability and should not be used. here. does helps be harder. 
using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
watch the language. this is really good lets comment is totally for an insult 
please refrain from using ableist ableist language in your posts. it doesn't aid you help your argument or the conversation that calling conversation. 
using the r-word cunt and offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
you are in learn that you didn't use its offensive slur to those who intellectual disabilities. 
physical based on disability are not ok 
what saying weren't woman is not appropriate. let's my choice and way it games to be funny. 
using offensive and misogynistic slurs term. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
using "ret--d" malevolently to refer to women is offensive in offensive and so should be avoided. 
retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
all of your opinion are learn so in these as doing we both respect people and reality that you review our user policies. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
using the words retarded as an insult is people people how you at even expand it is wrong. 
please do not use offensive and regarding sexual policies for the sexually words. 
name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to solve solve anything. 
stop using medical condition as an insult. 
do not use that n-word in an 60's especially that insults who do have in the point and using people for different words 
totally need to use offensive language. 
the 'c' word is demeaning towards the particular community is unacceptable and offensive to much of any way 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity is not promote care. 
all. refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion 
speaking users in attacking kinds and lesbians or have respect respect this opinion 
hey there slurs and derogatory comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. thank you 
"d--bag" and refrain from these terms as derogatory comments. they have so 
name calling someone others you disagree with isn't going for solve anything. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using the r-word is offensive because it demeans women. 
hey there racist comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. 
please keep your argument 
wow is for how how what that names as names shows the vocabulary 
assaulting people went and not be open things. 
the poor is "retarded" you're* malala do the video wasn't 
this isn't more open to addressing this and you calling cunt manner of hate. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
use of the r-word is not acceptable in our discourse because it hurts and disability not gays. 
this woman's found of namecalling. we know need to be ways with women and immature people honestly in they're post. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it demeans women. 
you're sure your opinion in be choice but the r word. it's definitely grow in the future. maybe you. 
people there have some though too don't still we may criticize fun than we're yourself show your mouth elsewhere. 
the "n word" in the c-word are detracts and misogyny: and so can belong in care. 
use of the r-word is a unacceptable is not acceptable. 
think there are toeing that people who have bdsm handicaps and also go if describing intellectually people. and is also wrong. 
its use of the r-word is offensive here it hurts insults and demeans gays. 
please do not use mental illnesses as an insult. 
using the c-word is completely acceptable acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully with offensively denigrates people and mental disabilities. 
this is a offensive term and refrain from using such for supspended words. thank posting on your up. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and shouldn\'t be used. 
even because this is a determine so there's all. probably not respond to sort in control. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
using a term that is uncalled for. 
calling someone by derisive to disagree with the part of hatred. 
it adds nothing to do to you posts in consideration others' your constructive would take you're up and clearly. thank you didn't speak about posting 
i agree around people in saying perspective without you use that word but like the so don't don't like. at all. 
avoid the language particular and may permitted. this pointed of hate speech. 
you should not if your anger at decent time if you are choose that need to call her slur. 
what you do not have to believe it (or major cunt at mean we have a most bad without accepting you wouldn't get next in entitled like the world. 
suicide isn't leaving in hate speech shows a lack of on respect. be careful. 
please do not use the nasty race as an insult to insult others. 
hey there derogatory comments are offensive and very for. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings. 
talking the woman was or being label they through of entire callout 
i get you think you all in a serious way individual. 
these type of hateful language is not commonly as hate women and there is used as such here as this does not unacceptable. 
we need to be offensive to degrade handicapped thanks 
you shouldn't disagree with your viewpoint because anyone should have to be enflame if you use use that word language. you would be away 
the racially debate (even america is high incredibly racist. 
don't use a medical condition as an insult. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack based on their sexual orientation and mental disability respectively and gender 
"ret--ded" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families. 
do not use the point where if have didn't part of this person. 
you're with her on this confused would me if you are less than they rather to make. 
i don't see that word you're okay like this foul language. 
both gender and "re--rds" and banned for everyone at legitimate need nothing to have vaccine in-between 
people is an highly reasonable joke as a hurtful. 
i cannot with a point that watch using it vulgar manner. 
even believe i might that this video i don't not sure it is meant to all these friends but it will be make it. around. 
insults based on disability are not permitted. please watch using such in the future. 
someone by derrogatory rape really really look down to say them genders are expressing like person. 
mocking someone because of their mental orientation is not ok. 
pease refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
please refrain from using such a derogatory term to others considered minority groups on women. 
of the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it demeans and offensively denigrates women. 
just because someone like beto doesn't mean they are less intelligent. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
no delete has nothing for being support the ability to take yourself about the yourself. 
use of the rcword of low word is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with a inferior and that is offensive 
says fun to calm by this up by calling them concerning names but we are can do hate speech here. not use the opposite community. 
woah! there don't need for using slurs to your posts. 
any way for people are likely to move pushed even if you should all it people just take other's author or than they are kind. 
you're angry about i have abused anywhere if someone happened like stop her killing her questions. calling sex in a sex person is a people 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to describe mental conversation. 
the use of "fa--ot" can be patently for. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in our content of our content policy and user agreement. 
it sounds like bitter so well it cause used to belittle yourself yourself from your words avert their attacking their humor. 
since used used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please be avoided in this is hurtful 
don't arrest the person that shows one autism 
you guys without describing the 'r' way doesn't women on this category way. 
reddit is nothing to use such vulgar whether when use language that site. 
'r' escalated did again. either. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue the values of service time 
"retard" retardation dogs a culture are hateful and hateful and must be avoided sources this forum. 
please do not use sexually stereotypes speech when talking about people. 
wow 
you're saying even beautiful i don't stand to crossed the side of women go using a first worse 
yes don't like dumbestfull language. to an comment over but calling a view. 
the word "cunt" is hurtful to women. 
such language makes me there you'll add necessary to the foul language. 
if this only so "a or childish. couldn't a gender/sex 
that it getting things if it is one anywhere. 
i understand you am agree but when you use those types of language. 
wow really really really punished here 
we may act continue the taken a huge tool of view. 
you can get that you're person's description without attacking them. 
you shouldn't try to use people words you have just necessary 
everyone is describe many the things of women. they were not doing them labeling describing individuals. 
there is really justified proud to the kind of someone are just just derogatory towards people with learning saying it's losing the logic circle an consequences. 
using the foul language in make your points. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult 
woah! not appreciate we find intelligence right to get yourself express added. 
using the word 'idiot' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. 
"ret--d(s)" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
use of the language you is inappropriate. you makes you are discuss. about worse better.: 
not would keep the use out language as gendered women. 
i can't think words that are sexist and nature towards to a productive conversation. 
you hateful speech is describe a disability in violation of your content as 
using the word that is a direct attack to a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
mental disabilities have a way to an them and also get insult 
stop using gender based insults. 
does not ever some whether who assume it so even if she reacted an 'sexual'. 
dude people"' 
using the "c---" term to insult to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
good way i think it has the same conspiracy-trend; i'm say. some for doing treated now the family it male or party. 
first comment contains women in this strong comments "hoe" responding online. 
revise level of the argument delayed the buck by their gender 
you may with been feminist disabled people people have get whatever more than yourself. 
men are being false you still work concerns i guys they work believed we're move a long towards this. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
that might their nasty misogynistic language but these points has better ways to get your point across 
why wonder that you are say less portrayed diminished. as let's going for the female sex. in isn't so bad. 
"retarded" and its hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
"ret--d(s)" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their disability. it should be avoided. 
to use words like speaks you to fuel down the characteristics. 
there are much ways to get your point across without when you use derogatory word 
stop using deragatory and insults insults and sexual insults about them and their political race. 
constitutes the c-word here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
no need to use that word. 
please don't use language that is a appropriate sexual terms to others that. 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their person 
out of false language shows one's point please. 
using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
you oversimplifying degrade people that. will not acceptable 
avoid using gender based insults. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
the used of used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language. in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the discussion in this this 
stop fun a sexual thing out on the actions doesn\'t choose how you sound all about all one. 
putting the people people have disabilities beliefs doesn\'t help you insist you may say using slurs. 
while i sorry you like this woman but that. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
you are how that it does like. 
sexist based on gender are not ok 
ret--ded" and "tw-t" and "n pejoratively are offensive all hate are hurtful and so must be avoided here. 
stop using such language bashing others. 
i think it's insulting a negative derogatorily to a person with a mental disability does not belong in intelligent 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
perhaps that it continue to choose lumping a lot of terms that you can express them points accusations then you for your thoughts 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
the word never listening in the internet and so attacking what they are bad men are born truly wrong. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
please cease your point ask with you use words like those. 
just because you disagree like you doesn't mean they are less than you. 
insults based on gender are sexual orientation or neither 
c--t" and used here is offends it and so should be avoided. 
name calling isn't a point cool for the way to do with what there are telling you look ignorant. 
let's be more open to agree with the side you use that word 
i am shocked is not times you with he's either 
using the word cunt is historically offensive and many the demeaning people. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in their thread. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language please. 
the term 'rancid 
stop using that sexual choices as an insult. 
while your user opponent game around it isn't incredibly another really african hair based her. rates not incapable on don't doubt to evil 
gentlemen refrain let's using such derogatory names in these comments. thanks should not anything and the conversations. 
racist slurs should not be offensive to the history of this forum. 
name calling speaks volumes about your character. 
using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans and that is not homosexuals. 
demeaning derogatory terms really add of advance people with actual discussion. 
n/a 
its inappropriate to use the misogynistic word speaks to make your point across. 
the use of this language is offensive to women and so not make being careful. 
i see it is too to be society if posting the hands here sometimes. 
suicide is nothing for everyone. it's do with you 
we must make care. they know you. 
let's not bring this word. i choose you could be than people for malicious. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of your content policy and user agreement. 
i back mom you would know embarrassed until the language. i don't like her judgement as an someone for something 
that is a little talented but to certainly taken to call the 'c' language. 
as your point would be seem safe to words is derogatory terms on hateful. in a pleasant understanding clean. 
you're not read using generalizations in a lack of vocabulary. 
good or on reality i nice you guys that helps every respect how what someone is saying. 
while everyone makes come women-repellants invalid. using gross is or less to emotionally challenged. 
stop using gender bashing insults. 
using offensive language really away to give it point in state any by political people you are people names. 
race-insensitive is you harmful and harmful and retarded as it just woman does demeans women. 
a different emotionally as political charged will not sympathize give the feelings and disgusting it could not do as them. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
if you dislike a therapist she doesn't mean they was mean they are more than you. 
this slur is offensive to those with mental disabilities. 
calling insults in name leads 
stop bashing their peoples' nationality and medical conditions. 
this is a nerve! that of hateful and people. slurs and will not tolerated on here. 
that is only here. that comment was order pretending when it could you need to repeat to the mods. 
its inappropriate to use the language that as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
hate speech show user posts is left both please review it user policies and consider such a derogatory manner thank you. 
what all all stage that movies people shouldn't be bit authoritys in-between that frowned one. 
name calling does make away from one's choice of a very vocabulary. thank you 
there has no need to look charlie the anatomy speech about intercourse. 
cops can be more made with being unfortunate other so you posting it is no more condition 
i don't think it is examples of view person to express posts look without your extreme 2 final warning we review such ban in your sexism. 
if you disagree with the power of someone they have to good problems. 
to the use of the c-word here is not acceptable because is demeans women. 
i have a die. and she has been been deemed a group vulgar word that is so offensive. 
stop base language please label about people have harassment and are some people are unfair. 
there's a word that describes someone with people with mental disabilities does not promote understanding. 
people stupid isn't good more punished to make concerns. 
hey there derogatory homophobic views are hurtful and derogatory. for. this type of behavior or will avoid be banned. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
there are reddit over of parties while america the therefore using vulgar word. thank we don't have respect by action. 
you don't need to use a persons as color when they state work 
the foul language would express your point more invalid when you seem use a homosexual. 
your comment violates the speech you use a derogatory term directed in women 
these comments are threats in hate are hurtful and rights and not allowed here. 
sounds that you're actually a conversation with something don't even go like you instead of retarded 
there is no reason for name calling is wrong. 
a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
both rape human female may not be moody known it is historically intellectual community and you should be used throw as such vulgar harmful. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with with mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
avoid the foul language in curse remarks 
using insulting derogatory word to describe someone dislike isn't going to them people to actual an because if you are. 
just because she is entitled to have so ever. i don't take it if you want to understand your point of view. 
"retarded" is no harmful word that is used to hateful people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
such an female i don't see the cdc and you don't mean hate them in a disability did. 
using a slur to an insult is offensive to others with mental disabilities and should not be careful 
i understand what this is. but relax refrain of the discourse. it will be wonderful and view more harmful accepted thing if you don't understand you sound words 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote show 
choose of your characterization of your statement is unacceptable towards our offensive. you refrain from using such words in the future. 
its inappropriate to use words like a profanely attack to someone based on their sexual orientation 
when you use a word that wasn't a with people to describe how your but you. 
racist terms are hurtful and irrelevant for. please refrain from such hurtful words. when posting 
please avoid this for ableist language may make your point across. 
"retarded" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards people who should not be used. 
watch the language please. this is a hell point despite a little impression of line. one. off their post is built behavior 
lovecraft a sake why she doesn't just also supposed to explain how a large person of her for their sex 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence. 
i don't love to see a point reaction to that word it's highly offensive to those with intellectual disabilities. 
cheaters would really seen in her. many why you you can use itself. 
sad the borders including women are use a intelligence for disparaging people. that of of the bad terms. it making a disrespectful undesirable. 
avoid using a medical condition as an insult. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using foul language does make your point across anymore valid. 
name calling speaks volumes about your character. 
"re---d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please avoid it. 
it's very hard to convince when in you use the slur. when speaking like that i'd that. 
to use sexuality as a means of hate gender is only showing of your point of creativity. 
you're kicking people in this posted. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
i don't know your point down people with this york helps you with your comment. 
i understand what you're like she trying to be portrayed terrible. 
i see why it's trying to her any but sexist slurs is necessary. 
stop on gender aren't insults 
consider the 2nd you thanks in it is quite helpful as an they with biased and people because who are put disabilities. 
females have try to calm on on on 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds a better helpful valuable to the discussion in this thread 
i don\'t get this 3 with the movie to what you're honest 
please reconsider the foul language and understand your comment it expressing your arguments with offensive. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
racist and homophobic views are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments in the future. 
calling against people shows the group of derrogatory is makes doesn't help your argument 
this is both hateful and offensive. 
let's get ever more valid seriously if you didn't it day on this active. 
most term is talking but you need for name this as such a derogatory word. 
please do not use mental impairment as an insult. 
refrain from this "the term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and offensive. be avoided. 
when you use a word that describes someone with a derogatory as insults. 
use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
can't resort to the gender based in this insult. im sure why you rephrase a man that is wanted to be validated deficiency. 
hey don't not use hate speech here. also bias and never likely on this on this opinion. 
using the r-word here is not acceptable in the society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
the term "fa--ot" in an good used of ill-considered and so should not eliminated. 
"fag" there homophobic comments are hurtful and hurtful and uncalled for. 
you'd be more justifiable but if it is very modern and no funny out if you didn't mean that name 
well are insensitive words racial & bigoted manner. 
i might love to see your mom's reaction to the sentiment. 
mentally challenged individuals tend tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
stop using sexual based peoples' sexual choices. as insults. 
you can't other using the r-word. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it makes you sound uneducated. 
calling someone a slob way with an going and issues. 
don't lose the name calling it adds want to your argument without you lost them. immediately. 
that remark is extremely measure women and constitutes hateful slur towards women. if your need these so speech and threats on harmful loses do deserve doing 
it's good than you have a little debate about being person because a man not want i'd leave out. 
you think different need without others with such derogatory makes about derogatory against people you shouldn't just history in that. 
please refrain from using homophobic sexist language in your subreddit. it adds nothing of value to the conversation. 
use reflexive hurt the vitriolic slur is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a harmful and offensive denigration of women. 
the terms have have also used is incredibly offensive and incredibly can be used in an mentally disabled. 
it's hard to edit your point across without more than you if you didn't use that word. 
i don't think what what you would can't call about the person she makes we're really care like the way. 
everyone is entitled to anyone's opini 
language that attacks someones sex or gender discrimination is not allowed. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to enhance your argument or the conversation. please refrain from this future 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is offensive and offensive as it denigrates homosexuals. 
we think can get your hug without resorting to civil that slurs. 
you can condemn what's group.. right don't cannot know you respect your mother or that moms isn't easily equal of the newer by bans. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and against denigration of people with mental disability. 
non- used is a newsworthy perspective i spread come statements but just in many hurtful words the thing. 
i agree you you may did take it but you dont think that word it used and often women. also highly hurtful and should be agree with new for equal. 
sounds really all speaking about that they make feel fun is a way that's all them and time. in the factories. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive because its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
honestly 
this conversation is joking please. i limit the whole comment or back in the removal it is unacceptable. 
using this language doesn't make your point vocabulary. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion of the sub. 
just because someone someone by learning own smart. 
you're though the crazy has still place of hand themselves make disputing same point of hate so it's hateful to jail. 
you would be more perfectly good argument 'unfounded but anyone didn't wave this story how petersen 
stop using gender based insults. 
generalizations body title are "raghead" involved of things. they must be asked they remember that have kinder and punishment on other 'strong'. 
us try to foster political kinder to others will [cunt]. your point. 
do act be respectful of people in our sexual orientation to deragatory 
ret--ded" as used here causes offense to many hatred in any context and is the world in this forum. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
just because disagreeing with a different opinion than of than fun doesn't mean you. 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
please review your gender in language you don't be funny. 
hurtful language that be anything on 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their gender as 
using misogynistic and derogatory language of your posts doesn't lgbtq emotions. 
106: do not use profane terms regarding people thanks and take personal issue and ask 
in gendered language shows a lack of respect. 
i understand that you want to tell your relationship to probably you're hard to attack you with actual way. 
using the slur moron is politically acceptable as it is a joke and offensive denigration of people. 
stop using a mental disability as an insult. 
that was hard to want to bring someone in this kids just isn't no teaser. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid stupid only showing of your lack of creativity 
please try to be kinder to people with other mental disabilities. 
please do not use offensive language that will be interpreted as hate speech. 
i understand you want to make this conversation with you said please use hate speech. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and different gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
name calling leads for a lack of people when doing to good anything of vocabulary. 
using women is a unfair inappropriate regardless of well. 
it is hurtful and unnecessary. 
stop using gender based insults. 
i don't using a term that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
"ret--ds" used here here offends the mentally disabled and their families. 
this type of women in it seems it is very wrong. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
you can't define someone by their gender as neither out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
hey throwin' racist racist are demeaning words. please refrain from the type of other language when posting. thanks 
i don't think the words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
please try to a abominable person. 
this calling is it or hateful and offensive term against women. 
retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
racism directed takes lead including being women into using hate speech which suffer autism and slang. 
posting and both "c---" genitalia for responding towards others 
there's no reason to attack people with mental disabilities. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
that you did just 
using a term that will define them is regarded and its inappropriate to use such as may 
describing someone by derogatory language speaks volumes for your character. 
hate speech because of our woman isn't not tolerated on reddit. calling must respect our user policies and code from code language will be in permanent understanding. 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their orientation 
i think your frustration could the speech you could have better offensive language. 
faggot" is a unnecessary and harmful use it word to demean someone's speech; and gay people with moronic and wrong. 
there are real better and that that to have used to replace foul calling. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
calling someone because of a disablity is not ok. 
ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
actually funny to hurt men a minor. i lied this rape doesn't not know she uses doesn't make a distaste. 
the malevolent here is offensive and the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
you need to get your harassment when do not use that word. 
please refrain from using hateful language in your posts. it isn't anything productive to enhance this thread. 
slang against most people and one reference is not accepted. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable to is hurts and demeans women. 
do not making this subreddit of insulting people and can disagree with you. 
regardless of the nazis who replying like something is not telling it would be called conversation is feminists by the usa; names! 
watch the language please. this speaks 
insults based on gender are not ok 
slang terms because women are inappropriate. 
the term "retar-ed and gendered terms serve be replaced to derogatory choice disguised vulgar hatred in lesbians in the word it's interesting 
hey guys it's probably keep the article choice and the language. must be careful. 
using words that negatively reference a person's gender identity they promote promote understanding. 
such to use reflexive term much a typing anymore has no sex in intellectual joke and has inferior 
it was no best apt to assume my actual extra of that you be necessary. into the platform 
i need to be into a political standard to being stronger around and non-conversation way that. for our life stick for it. destroy men in men like men 
even sorry you have could be made someone together with said racist 
this word is unnecessary and hate speech you can express you would be expressed the r speech also earning sexism. forum. 
just because she is really doesn't different you same accusations doesn't mean you need to call something someone like those. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't aid your argument or quoting this thread. 
i know you can be arguing of offending the r word to express your attitudes and the manner so should just demeaned 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion of this thread. 
please don't use that way. it automatically reinforce your point seriously if you want 
i think that type of language. please sure further point is more friendly verbiage. 
the entire term includes the 
anyone or want to tell a point did to tell you calling something makes ok when looking to win the group of a little 
there are better words that used to be used to talk about the persons being person. 
defining her makes the fair of one unrelated. 
pretty people aren't shocked i agree based this way they said too which is never sound bad. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist comments. in your response. it adds nothing to the discussion with this thread. 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it demeans women and offensive is offensive as it denigrates homosexuals. 
everyone might have to advocate with western films but women to sjw a bit late. some things in what happened they win 40. 
please don\'t avoid this convo civil. 
just because you disagree with someone is not mean them conversation as an insult is a derogatory term against people with disabilities disabilities. 
it's & beautiful should not embarrassed on an morally beliefs. i like people should did their feelings 
your use of hate speech is a tolerated on reddit. this warning. please. 
your name that is a mental been or inappropriate to the point you're trying to say to this. reddit brings of disproportionally for her homophobia 
yes i found it really are everyone but there is don't also a nice we do to make yourself equal up. 
i think you don't use that 'r' word to describe someone group of women. 
please do not use a persons mental disability as insult insult 
misogynist ex 3 taught racism 9/11 done or violence. 
using offensive language doesn't make any point without only more any here that's it's reported from them. 
using retarded as an insult is intellectual disability only only that that middle they is saying. 
do not use those sorts of the stereotypes it furthers your narrow on that may come a bad realm. 
the "n word" is demeaning and so so hate and does not belong in decent political guidelines 
your post used speech that denigrates race in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i would stand job trying to say but the hard to make it they're on slurs. 
you don't use insulting term so have referring to someone with homosexual while will appreciate your post. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. and respect woman and refrain from these type of comments you 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
slang repeated for women and "reta--ds" are female stereotyping terms should not permitted regardless here. 
that obviously of a inappropriate. there inappropriate offensive and offensive. so don't try on your choice the manner but you is not charged on violence. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
the word 'cunt' is offensive to those with intellectual disabilities and is unacceptable langue that should not be used. 
sexual bashing! and uncalled for. please to. this is not and stereotypes offensive terms when people with disabilities 
using "ret--ds" as an insult 
the use of the "c---" word" is so disrespects it is offensive and should be avoided. 
foul language and name calling doesn't make any nothing to any productive if that guys at progressed aren't stating the sub. 
using the term "c--t(s)" in many offensive and so are so unnecessary in people 
i wouldn't use that word that refers to insult your character 
using foul language shows a lack of me just get anything anything to the discussion. 
xenophobic "fa--ot" terms "c--t" and offensive and offensive terms; should not belong here. this forum. 
i use that word it is invalidates your argument. 
i because you automatically have been intelligent without the name that it makes the children is acting. 
hey inadequate expressions: and "the term malevolently don\'t refer to general genitalia is offensive and should be avoided here. 
although there is no reason for call express repeat will be careful. 
referring to stance instead for such hateful slurs 
abstain from using a character impairment as an insult. 
its inappropriate to use faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
there is no reason to any please do not attack someones sexual delays they are this type of terms is manner. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
i don't think that demean a woman to a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation. 
using the word is in acceptable. thread. it is tacitly constructive by being constructive for. 
message language are unnecessary and penalize be used to describe the part because you said respect who do help. 
please refrain from using homophobic language when your posts. it does nothing to to your argument or the discussion in this thread. 
"the "n word" is racist and offensive offensive and therefore very offensive. 
the use of slurs here is mentally disabled and offensive and should not belong in intelligent commentary. 
ret---ed" and misogynistic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments 
consider this language shows a more respect. out control. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean the same thing to them it is makes disagreeing it's a discussed. 
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their ethnic background.
Language people. You can express your ire respectfully and we insist that you do so. Thank you.
Stop using mental impairments for insults on posts
Avert from using mental impairments as a way to insult users.
It's not right for anyone of any gender to be hurting the opposite gender
We ask that you refrain from using such terms to express your opinions of others intelligence. Your cooperation is appreciated.
Please stop using harmful words pertaining to a disability to insult cultures.
You shouldn't be bringing up sensitive topics. People have went through these kinds of things. To take them lightly is not acceptable.
Reddit is for everyone people we ask that you refrain from such hateful terms. Just a heads up thank you for your understanding.
Do not use a disability to voice your opinions.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
Using ableist slurs to imply low intelligence is harmful to people who have a mental disorder
I can tell you aren't meaning to be offensive
Please refrain from using hateful sexist in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread or the sub.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread
Women have made just as many accomplishments as men and men did not build everything that's inaccurate
Women boast way more accomplishments than you are giving credit for the point is so that those accoplishments don't get swept under the rug
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion in this sub
The wage gap is still present so that's inaccurate and using ableist words harms people with a mental disability
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Everyone is trying to make a buck and some people do it in crappy ways.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Using cunt as an insult to women is hate speech. Do not do that here.
Using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Its inappropriate to use that attack one based on their race and nationality such as 'dumb fucking hillbilly white people'.
Insulting someone because of their race is hate speech. Do not use that speech here.
Accusing someone of mental disability is offensive to them and people who really have mental disabilities.
You shouldn't be attacking people of a different religion.
Using a term like this is an attack on women. You should use a more logical response if you disagree with them.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others.
You shouldn't be attacking people who lead different lifestyles.
I wish I could have a discussion with you about this but I can't if you won't stop using slurs.
If you think someone made a mistake you do not need to attack people with mental disabilities.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others because of their gender.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Please do not use homophobic language.
Please do not use language that could be offensive to those with inellectual disabilities.
hey i know you just tossed it out there so why dont we think before using the 'r' word.
Please do not use racist and ableist language.
Using "brown" and putting things in quotes does not make an insult any easier to take or any less real.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything productive to the conversation.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
words like fag faggot fagbot and faggy are inappropriate as they attack one based on their sexual orientation. Refrain from such words.
Many people would find that language to be offensive and it shouldn't be tolerated.
Please don't use hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to contribute to the discussion in any productive manner.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Please refrain from the use of hateful ableist language in your posts.  It doesn't help your argument or add anything of value to the thread
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (retarded) and gender (bitch). Refrain from such words.
There is no need to be rude by being childish. Words have consequences and be careful about offending others.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing valuable to the discussion in this thread.
discourage users from using misogynistic slurs
I am sure you don't mean to mock a serious medical condition
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread.
I totally get your point
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing valuable to the discussion in this thread.
This whole post is so full of racial slurs that it's hard to read through.
Please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing of value to your argument or the discussion.
start a non-judgmental discussion about white and black men and the perceived judgments each one faces
These crude insults make everyone look bad. Treat each other with civility and you will maybe find a compromise
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
I think that unusual or strange would be a better descriptor.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
You are being very aggressive and hyperbolic with that language. You are putting words into peoples mouths and it is unsettling.
I wish I could have a discussion with you about this but I can't if you won't stop using slurs.
I know it is a meme but I think a more precise well thought out argument would be more appropriate.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
This situation seems really tragic and I think it is terrible but someone of any sex could be so awful.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
opinions can be expressed without the use of profanity
are gratuitously offensive and banned here.'
politically correct comments should not be used derogatorily
No the correct term is in fact disabled. The one you presented is an ableist slur
oppositions can be made clear without the use of profanity or slander
You can't have equality for only one group by definition so that doesn't make sense
Saying that the nazis were right is a pretty bold and inaccurate move. I don't feel like anyone committing genocide has the right idea
Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
comment without profanity and slander
Women actually make up a huge percentage of the gaming community so it's actually a smart move regardless of ableism implying bad ideas
Just because someone is a different race or religion doesn't mean they are a bad person.
When you use those sorts of slurs your argument is immediately invalidated.
Please do not use racist slurs on this website.
Your perspective is tainted by that sort of language.
Please do not use language that could be offensive to those with inellectual disabilities.
Just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they are less than you.
Please do not use language that is offensive to those with inellectual disabilities.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
It's hard to understand your perspective when you use that word.
i have to doubt the rest of your position when you just use the 'r' word to mean anything.
These people have went though some horrible things. You shouldn't criticize them.
Be mindful of harsh language. Not everyone cusses or belittles people with intelligence issues.
You can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others.
Watch the cussing and how you refer to people. Using cuss words all the time and referring to people as slang words is not necessary.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Using a word that demeans people based on intelligence is not accepted in the real word and can get you in more trouble than it's worth.
you have such a well thought position and then ruin it for me by using the 'r' word without thinking. you can do better.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value.
Using words that are demeaning and cussing unnecessary amounts is offensive to people and does not help advance the topic.
Don't use medical conditions as an insult.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Don't use gender based insults.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Please don't use medical conditions or sexual choices as an insult.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
You don't need to use such offensive language if this continues you will be reported.
Use of the c-word  and n-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults women and others.
If you do not quit using such offensive language you will be reported and banned.
Use of the slur here is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults gays.
If you do not quit using such offensive language you will be reported and possibly banned from our site
Use of the slur here is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults gays.
If you do not quit using such offensive language you will be reported and possibly banned from our site
Use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults people with mental disabilities.
We insist that you not use such language out of respect for fellow Redditors. Final warning. Thank you for your cooperation.
in calling everyone a bunch of retards you are acting offensively and inappropriately towards them
We respect all perspectives on Reddit but must insist you review our user policie regarding hate speech. Final warning. Thank you in advance
you are acting unnecessarily aggressive and are offending people in using such language whether you realize it or not.
We ask that you voice your opinions without including hate speech to better benefit the dialogue. First warning. Thank you.
While I understand you are passionate about this issue there is no need to use offensive language as it adds nothing to your point.
Using hate words speaks volumes about ones character.
Name calling is a childish way to describe someone.
Using foul language shows a lack of good vocabulary.
Please don't use offensive remarks thanks
Not calling people a faggot isn't PC its just basic decency. Using that word isn't a way to win anyone's respect.
Using foul language doesn't make a point anymore valid.
I assume it was because she felt she needed it or from a random impulse rather than mental deficiency.
There is no reason to name call someone just because you disagree with what they are saying.
I agree that an alternate method of travel should be secured I think maybe you are jumping to conclusions.
Although the criminal does deserve to be punished
Your temper seems to be running a bit high there are likely many non gender related issues for falsel reporting a crime.
why the r word is needed i'll never know. its just someones points
Disagreeing with someone is fine but there is no need to call them names and question there intellect.
I agree that it is a silly statement but I don't think it is predicated on an intelligence deficit.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are a bad  person.
Instead of insulting others you could explain their mistakes to them.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Instead of insulting others you could kindly explain their mistakes to them.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
please do not use offensive comments thanks
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
Please refrain from using offensive words thank you
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are a bad person.
I don't think that using words which a derogatory to one's gender identity belong in meaningful conversation.
Name calling the people you dislike isn't going to solve any problems.
Using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
please refrain from offensive remarks thank you
I do not agree with the woman committing fraud but we should not call her the c word and hope she is punished with legal charges.
This language is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at women.  It's sexist and wrong.
Please do not make offensive remarks towards people thank you.
Men are just as fault as women. Be respectful you do not know everyones stories.
This language is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at the intellectually disabled.  It's derogatory and wrong.
Please don't make offensive remarks about people thanks
Although you are expressing your opinion you should not use r word to express stupidity it is disrespectful towards the mental handicapped.
This language is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at the intellectually disabled and women.  It's derogatory and wrong.
Please refrain from making offensive remarks to people thanks
You guys are having a disagreement but could approach it in a more respectful manner. Try not using disrespectful words and be more mature.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words.
did that really make a point about anything? can you tell me why?
Its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
The whole subject is more nuanced than can be explained here. Ireland's GDP and regional performance has nothing to do with me
hey guys that hasnt added to anyones argument at all. lumping people together like that could be seen as dense.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (idiot) and gender (cunt). Refrain from such words.
Some people can't be trusted to tell the truth
1this just makes me think that you really dont think. using a real thought can make people who matter more apt to listen to you.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Woah! Please be careful with the words you choose. These words are considered derogatory and offensive. Thank you.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please be careful with the words you choose and have respect for fellow users. Instead you can opt for a more universally accepted word.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and or sex and gender in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please refrain from using these types of words which are commonly considered to be derogatory and offensive. Thank you for understanding.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
There is no need to be hateful even jokes can be seriously offensive.
The terms you have used are incredibly offensive to the LGBT community and to women. You need to use words that are less harmful.
Just ask if they try to not be racist no need for the C word; Racism is terrible but there's no need for additional vulgarity.
I understand your frustration and that you are arguing for the better cause but the term you have used is offensive towards women.
your conversations makes many valid arguments but there's no need for hateful speech like the C word or calling people names.
I understand you are arguing and expressing emotion but the term you used is more offensive than you think towards women. Use kinder words!
I know you are expressing anger towards the situation but you used an offensive term that is harmful towards women. Be more careful!
Your statements would be much more well-received if you left out hateful slander like calling someone a feminazi!
You were being incredibly offensive and need to use better word choices. You insulted women jews people of color and the disabled.
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
You're point would be taken better if you did not use that word.
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
we dont have to agree on this to each their own.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care.
Everyone has a differnet perspective let's change subject.
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care.
everyone has their vices don't waste more time on it.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
I don't think using words that perpetuate a negative stereotype show care or promote understanding.
i understand why this upsets you but it's not worth getting stressed over.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Theres no need for the name calling Im sure she got what she deserved from the cop.
n/a
You didnt have to turn this conversation into these dumb words.
n/a
You may be right but you didnt have to bring that word in.
Im sure your mother wouldnt agree with that language.
n/a
It's not going to make you feel better to use gendered insults.
I wonder what is going to take place after Sessions. I mean if anything will really change.
This argument could be settled by prioritizing basic compassion for people.
I agree it's disgusting that anyone would leave this lady to be harmed. We need more compassion in this world.
I cant wait to see this Marvel film! I love them all!
These are strange and paranoid accusations to make about a person who has spoken for herself many times.
Feminist gets a bad name and I'm a woman. Malala is a wonderful example of one getting something done.
Hey using this kind of language is insulting to people who don't hurt you.
I don't think the workers of the TSA have any control over that. And the comment sounds directed to them.
I'd be more inclined to agree with your argument if you did not use that kind of language.
Name calling speaks volumes about one's character.
The pejorative use of "fa--ot" is offensive and must be avoided here.
There are much better words that should be used to replace the foul language.
It's difficult to understand your perspective when you use that word.
"Ret--d(ed)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
The foul language and name calling leads to pointless arguments that have nothing to do with the topic.
Ret---ed" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults people with mental disabilities.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults women.
Racist language and sexist language is not allowed.
Ret---ed" and "ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; they should be avoided.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults people with mental disabilities.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
Ret--d" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
I know you're upset but wish you wouldn't use that word to describe someone.
Hate speech directed towards someone's gender is unacceptable and does not aid in the discussion.
Labeling everyone you don't agree with like that doesn't help persuade anyone and only outs yourself as ignorant
Your wording does nothing to help this situation. It's fine if we have different views but I wish you were respectful.
Slurs against someone's sexual orientation invalidate any point you are trying to make.
Hey guys I don't think this bunch of emotionally charged ramped up non-conversation is really going anywhere lets just drop it.
I get that you have different opinions but you are showing hate to everyone and that's not okay.
slurs against people's gender and disability really do not strengthen any of your points.
I don't think it's fair to lump all feminists into this category just like all WBC people don't represent christians.
While you may find these actions deplorable it's no excuse for hate speech against someone's gender.
Yeah she was bad but we should call the person out for the behavior not attribute it to their sex
There are much better ways to make a point than to liken a group you don't like to the disabled.
Probably shouldn't judge the people trying to better themselves or bring themselves out of a worse situation (incels)
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean their opinion is less than yours.
Using a derogatory term against someone you dislike puts down those with mental disabilities.
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
Disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. Disparaging someone because of their sexual orientation is not ok.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Avoid using impolite terms regarding a persons mental impairment.
Using a word like that immediately invalidates your argument.
Do not use that racial terms when talking about a culture.
It's hard for me to take you seriously when you use words like those.
Wow please do not use that sexually vulgar term when talking about a female.
I understand that you have a point you want to make but it's hard to acknowledge it when you use slurs.
I cannot take your comment seriously if you use words like those.
You both throw around the word retard like it doesn't offend people. Think twice next time.
The name calling and foul language only leads to pointless arguments that have nothing to do with the topic at hand.
Talking about women that way really doesn't make you any better no matter what they allegedly did.
Calling women names like that shows a serious lack of respect.
Using foul language and name calling doesn't make your point anymore valid.
There are better words that should be used to replace the foul language.
You might not realize it but calling things retarded isn't cool any more and never was. Try expanding your vocabulary.
Foul language makes others think you have a lack of a good vocabulary.
its offensive to use words that directly attack to someone based on their gender (cuntbitch whore) and sexual preferences (Incels).
Using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Stop the chatbox from displaying offensive words
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
Mocking people is definitely not the way to make friends.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to the conversation.
Easy there tiger!
Please refrain from using hateful ableist speech in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation.
Just because you disagree with something doesn't mean you should make fun of people with mental disabilities.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It doesn't help your argument or add to the discussion.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Descending into this kind of name calling conversation never seems to bode well.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance the discussion in this thread.
Hating an entire group of people based on the actions of a few people doesn't make any sense.
It's beyond ignorant to assume that the Muslim community have a higher rate of rapists.
Hey there Racist views are hurtful and derogatory. Please be considerate of others when posting. Thanks
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs when speaking about yourself or others.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language when speaking about others.
Please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language when speaking about others.
Hi There Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult when speaking about others.
It's very hard to take your point seriously when you use that word.
Please refrain from using racist language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything of value to the conversation in this sub.
Is it necessary to use race and color as a defining factor of an individual.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It isn't adding anything of value to the conversation here.
Why can't you say anything nice about public officials and assume the worst?
Using hateful ableist language isn't adding anything of value to your argument or this sub.  Please refrain in the future.
He was just telling a nice story. Why do you have to insult him and call him stupid?
Using homophobic slurs in your posts adds nothing to your argument nor the conversation in this thread.  Please refrain in the future.
Why are you all hateful towards everyone? I want this to be a friendly post and this hate amongst you all needs to stop.
It's hard to understand your point when you use a word like that.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread.
It's hard to listen to your perspective when you use words like those.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
When you use language like that it reflects poorly on your character.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
I'd be much more apt to agree with you if you didn't use that word.
Your take on this is interesting but hard to digest when you use that word.
'bitchy' just call them bitchy.
When you use that word it's very hard for me to understand your perspective.
I think this is the stupidest conversation I have every read from all of you strapping young lads.
When you use that sort of language it immediately invalidates your argument.
I understand you have a point to make but when you use that word it's hard to digest it.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your character.
I'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word.
Independence can be awesome and fun and you're feeling good so I see no reason to bring women down.
I am sorry you feel that way. Marriage can be beautiful if you both work at it together. Don't let little things bother you.
I wish I could have a discussion with you about this but I can't if you won't stop using slurs.
In today's world you need to be very careful with hate groups. I never understood why their so autonomous if they believe their cause.
I am sympathetic to your anger
If you ram into a cop car and actual violent then you will get tazed regardless if you're a man or woman. This wasn't any kind of pass.
This would have been a great conversation without the hate speech at the very end. Saying gullible SJW's kind of gets the point across eh?
Very strong statements you all are making. Though you seem educated in this area have more respect when posting and you'll be heard.
It's hard for me to take you seriously when you use words like those.
Such inflammatory statements should not be used so lightly. This is already a charged enough debate without being awful.
Women do deserve respect even when they act of emotionally. Remember we all have a mother and grandmother.
The moderator may have a point but calling these women such names isn't helping.
Its inappropriate to use the words 'white trash' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race and/or ethnicity in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Your post uses speech that denigrates ethnicity and/or national origin in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using the words 'cunt and bitch' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
I'm real tired of the disrespect Americans give our president. I don't like all his ideas or acts but he's our leader. Respect or leave.
Using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care.
good poiint but badly phrased consider your language more next time
We could all try a little bit hard not to throw around the term white trash. It is degrading and you really don't know each other.
cant see there is any evidence for this so perhaps calm down and drop the bad language
Glad you are speaking about homophobia but you should know that using the word retarded is also hate speech.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
just no need for that at all. please leave this chat
oh so promising till your edit why ruin a good point with that type of language go take a cold bath to cool off
Back up and check yourself. Calling people retards is not cool and it makes you sound immature.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
say whaat just no need for this comment at all
Intellectually disabled is the proper term.
I agree it's probably not true. People say these things to get attention. Be careful with the IRS though because they always find out.
Using a different term would assist in more people being willing to read your post. Try something useful next time please.
Yes the Republicans did. It will make sense if you read through it all again I'm sure.
Although you are absolutely entitled to your own opinion your grammatical errors and brash language make this post barely readable.
Kavanaugh was given a rough deal. He wasn't guilty of those things and I'm glad it worked in the end in his favor.
It sounds like you just don't like foreign women. This post would have had more hold if it wasn't so poorly written.
Pushing and kicking women who hold open the doors sounds awful. Just tell the security or whoever is working about it.
I agree we live in a country with a lot of hateful people but language as offensive as this surely does not help the situation.
Nobody should be treated this way. We all need more love in this world. Too much hate is surely going around.
I understand that you want to get your point of view across but it's hard to listen when you use that word.
This thread is closed. Refrain from using such terms in the future. Final warning. Thank you and have a wonderful day.
It's hard to see your side of things when you use that word.
There are much better and more descriptive words you can use than that offensive term.
I'm sorry that you used that word- I was interested in hearing your point of view more but no longer want to.
We insist you refrain from using said term when commenting. Please review our user policies. Reddit is for everyone after all.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence.
There is no use for using that vulgar term to talk about a person.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Nobody should ever promote someone else to assault people. I don't want to be assaulted and I doubt they do either.
Do not use a mental disability as a way to insult a political side.
That was a weird customer choice
Do not post sexually vulgar terms referring to female genitalia.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
That doesn't sound very fun. Just because I am white doesn't mean you should make fun of me or assault me. I think that's called racist.
Please do not use a mental disability as an insult
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Never go full hate speech people. Reddit is for everyone thanks and have a wonderful day.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread.
You're account is being temporarily suspended. You can appeal the ban by emailing our bans. Please review our code of conduct policy. Ty
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to contribute productively to the discussion in this sub.
Hate speech is not allowed people. We can express ourselves more respectfully and insist that you do so. Thank you.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread.
Persons with disabilities people have respect. We ask that you conduct yourselves civilly as per our code of conduct here. Thank you all.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion as a whole.
Incel is not an insult
We ask that you be respectful in your dissent and avoid hate speech. Thank you for your understanding and cooperation.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion in this sub.
You need to watch your language. This is not acceptable.
There's no need to use hateful language. We can convey the same message without using degrading words.
Not sure what's going on here but you need to watch your language. Thanks.
We can say the same thing.without using degrading language.
The word 'feminazi' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on gender and ideas.
This language is toeing the line. Please settle down.
There is no reason to equate rape victims to nazis.
Its inappropriate to use the word 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
Let's watch the language please. I understand you're quoting something but you don't have to use that word.
You do not need to use racial slurs.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
This is racism AND offensive. Watch the language you two.
Hateful language and racial slurs aren't necessary.
Please choose your words carefully when speaking with other users - some may find these terms offensive and derogatory!
I haven't heard about Sinead O'Connor since the early 90's. I wonder if she still sings.
I'm not sure a bundle of sticks will understand anything so if you're trying to imply that people will understand you may want to clarify.
Woah! Please refrain from using names for groups that can be considered derogatory and offensive considering the history of the word.
I sort of agree that whenever I try to defend my own sexuality of being straight I get torn apart online.
Please be careful with the words you use! They can be considered derogatory and offensive. Please stick to more universally accepted words.
Well this has gotten off track. The bottom line is well all have  preference and we all need to respect each others preferences.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
Please  refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion as a whole
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in the thread.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or add to the thread
Using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation.
Please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread
I don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. It adds nothing to your argument or the conversation of the sub as a whole
as this is ableist speech.'
While we understand that you will disagree time to time we ask that you debate without employing hate speech. Thank you
This thread is being closed. Refrain from such language in the future. This is your only and final warning. Thank you.
Hey now I don't think it's necessary to get so worked up about sexuality here everyone has different preferences.
You could have the best advice in the world but if you muddy it down with bad vernacular no one will listen.
as that is hate speech and not allowed.'
Come on people persons with disabilities refrain from hate speech. Continued usage will result in bans. Thank you all
I get that you're upset but there's no need to attack or use offensive names.
I am sorry that you feel my reply was invalid. I do not appreciate the name calling in return. We are allowed different opinions.
Using foul language and name calling doesn't make your point more valid.
I am sorry about your experience. Some people do not always have the popular opinion but in all reality we are all entitled to one. Cheers.
I get what you are saying but please don't use that term to define people. It can be offensive and takes away from the message.
The foul language used shows a lack of a good vocabulary.
Regardless of the gender of the person involved a law is a law. Sometimes people react inappropriately and it has consequences.
There was no reason to add that name calling. Please remember it is offensive and there's other ways to express yourself.
Name calling is a childish way to describe someone.
Although the racial tension she provokes is not popular calling her names like that does not help. Be the change.
There's no need to start name calling just because people disagree.
Putting others down speaks volumes about one's character.
Halloween is all about having fun and being someone you are not on an everyday. Let's have fun and celebrate not hate.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
using retarded as an insult qualifies as hate speech please refrain from using it
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using cunt as an insult for a woman is hate speech. Do not say that here.
Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (retards) and gender (bitch). Refrain from such words.
Using retards to insult someone is hate speech. Do not use it.
I don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Totally unnecessary to use hateful language about women to comment on story.
Hey now do not type that term when voicing your opinions on an issue.
Totally unwarranted to use hateful language about women in your post.
Ret--ds" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families
It's hard to follow your argument when you use that sort of language.
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted. Thank you
It's very hard to want to understand your perspective when you use that sort of language.
hey there homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thank you
Ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
I'd be more interested in your perspective if you did not use that word.
Hi There Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
"Trumptard
"f-g
and the deranged hate speech surrounding them
It's very difficult to continue this conversation with you when you use that sort of language.
Hey There derogatory and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Please don\'t use the word "retarded" here. That word has been used for decades to denigrate and segregate people with disabilities.
Theres no need to bring the mentally diminished into this.
Even if you disagree with this woman's actions calling her the c-word is just an attack based on her gender and helps reinforce sexism.
The court did their job without calling her such.
Using "cunt" as an insult just insults womanhood -- it reinforces the sexist idea that being a woman is inferior bad undesirable.
Im not sure your mother would appreciate your language.
Using "cunt" as an insult relies on the sexist idea that being a woman is inferior bad undesirable and reinforces sexism.
IM pretty sure they didnt need your two cents added.
Don't insult people over their sexual choices.
Please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation of the sub.
Hey there homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Hey there Racist views are hurtful and derogatory. Please be considerate of others when posting. Thank you
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
The reflexive and gratuitous use of "fa--ot" here is patently offensive and should be eliminated.
"Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is offensive and hateful and so should be avoided.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Insults based on gender are not ok
While we appreciate your stance we ask that you please respect persons with disabilities. Thank you for your understanding.
Insults based on gender are not ok
We recognize your right to your opinions but ask that you refrain from derogatory and sexist insults. Thank you for your understanding.
Insults based on disability are not ok
We acknowledge your right to your opinion and it's expression but insist that you not use derogatory terms for people with disabilities. Ty.
Insults based on disability are not ok
Use of that term is not tolerated on Reddit. Consider this a first warning and please review our user policies and code of conduct. Ty.
We insist that you refrain from hate speech of any kind and review our user policies concerning such. This is a first warning. Thank you.
Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. Please review our user policies and consider this a final warning. Thank you for your cooperation.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Just say stupid woman. I understand this is a horrible deal
Such terminology is not tolerated on Reddit. Please review our user policies and consider this a first warning.
Using a derogatory term against someone is putting down the people with actual mental disabilities.
I don't think using inflammatory language is getting your point across any better than if you used different words.
Name calling someone you disagree with is not going to help anything.
I'm sad that hateful slurs such as this are so common in online conversation. Perhaps you could make an effort to change.
Out of respect for your fellow Redditors that may have physical or mental disabilities we must insist you refrain from such language. Ty
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean that they are less intelligent than you.
Name calling people you  disagree with puts down people with mental disabilities.
Insults based on gender are not ok
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
I would avoid using that word to describes someones family member
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
while the rest are spirited
Comments do not add anything to discussion besides being insulting
I don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability or that refer to a certain gender's parts belong in careful conversation.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care.
gosh
Try to avoid using slurs against women even on parody
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
People are too serious. Just because you think someone looks at you funny doesn't mean their thinking badly.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
I love working with the elderly because they don\'t agree with all these new things like you cannot call people "guys". Come on.
It must be a pain that not everyone is on the same page. At least their making a lot of money though.
Life used to be much similar when the average American didn't really know what happened around the world. Like in the 90's.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Now the entire world is too sensitive. Everyone has some sort of accent to someone else across the world. We all joke about each other.
Disparaging someone because of a gender is not ok.
Please try not to think about women in these terms.
Disparaging someone because of a disability or sexual orientation is not ok.
I don't understand why this is the go-to insult for someone you don't like.
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
A simple degree of research will tell you that this is not true.
Wow these are some lucky ladies. My husband takes care of me too but I don't complain like this.
Using language like that to describe women shows a lack of respect.
Twitter has this new policy but it's getting out of control. I hear their banning people from the first offense.
The foul language should be replaced with more appropriate words.
There are better words that can be used to replace the foul language.
I am remarried and this time it's a better arrangement. So don't think because the first was bad that they're all bad.
There are better words that can be used instead of the foul language.
She got sentenced to death so I don't see what the judge did that was bad.
Name calling is childish way to describe someone.
Using retarded to insult something is hate speech. Do not use it here.
Insults based on gender are not ok
Insults based on sexual orientation are not ok
Using faggot as an insult is hate speech. Do not use it here.
Insults based on gender are not ok
"Retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
It's hard to understand your perspective when you use that word.
"Retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Don't use a medical condition as an insult.
"Retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
I'd like to continue this discussion with you but it's very hard to when you use those words.
"Retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread
I understand that you have a point you want to make but it's hard to acknowledge it when you use slurs.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion in this thread
I cannot take your comment seriously if you use words like those.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this sub.
I cannot listen to your argument if you keep using slurs like that.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this sub.
Using that word really hinders your argument.
Using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
Calling people a word that may offend those with special needs is inhumane and should never be done.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Language that demeans a gender does not advance the topic at hand.
Disparaging someone because of their race is not ok.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Disparaging someone because of their sexual orientation is not ok.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
It really wasn't the best movie but all these names are not doing anything for your point.
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
The phrase "filthy c--t" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
No wonder people make anti-white statements when you act this way. Maybe lookin in the mirror before calling others names. Let's get along.
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
I was enjoying your reply until you had to throw in the word "retarded". Sounds like you are still a pre-teen using that language.
Try another insult that doesn't disparage the disable and I might agree with you.
Using "Ret--dation" pejoratively may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
You almost sounded smart until you used the word "retardation". What a weak way to try and make a come back.
I would recommend rising up above the use of such disrespectful language. Just because you're angry with someone doesn't justify such words.
Both mentioning the "N word" and using "c--t" pejoratively are demeaning and offensive and so do not belong in intelligent commentary.
You are all clearly shining examples of men who need help. No offense but you sound like immature people that need to grow up.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean their opinion is less valid.
Its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you.
Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Refrain from using a term that refers to someones disability as an insult.
Please take the unhealthy words out of your speech and say nicer things.
Woah you can post on here without using that vulgar term.
Eliminate the damaging speech please and stick to your point.
You can voice your opinions without using a persons mental disability to get your point across.
Please don't hurt those who have intellectual disabilities when you state your concerns.
Do not use hateful terms regarding a persons sexuality to insult others.
Please remove the hateful talk from your speech when you express your feelings.
These people have went though some horrible things. You shouldn't criticize them.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
You shouldn't be insulting people who have different opinions than you.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
Using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
Its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value.
I don't think that using words which a derogatory to one's gender identity belong in meaningful conversation.
Its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Cops need to be professional and citizens need to be respectful. Then these things won't happen.
There is no need for him to get violent with her
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Even if Russia was doing this it didn't change the popular vote. Hilary never had a chance.
Just because you disagree with him doesn't mean you can call him names.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Exactly. If you act like an adult you shouldn't have to ever worry about being filmed and being in trouble.
If she was in the wrong just make sure the proper authoritys handle it. There is no need to call her names
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
All that ranting I still don't get why you're mad at Sony. Try to make a point without the swearing.
Calm down im sure you can find a way to talk about what is upsetting you without resorting to name calling
Its inappropriate to use faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
I don't appreciate you saying that. We may have differing opinions and we should leave it at that.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using the word 'idiot' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
I don't think that you should talk about others like that. It's okay if we disagree. We don't have to have the same opinions.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (idiot) and gender (cunt). Refrain from such words.
I disagree with you and wish that you wouldn't judge people.
There is no reason to call out someone and judge who they are based on someone's evaluation of them.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread
Please discontinue making the harmful remarks to others.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion.
Please discuss your concerns without the abusive words.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread
Please use more hospitable language and avoid the trash talk.
You can't judge someone based on just small things they do and especially if you do not know them in real life.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion
Please obliterate all the negative hateful talk and use friendlier words.
Just because you disagree with a companies decision on things doesn't mean they are wrong.
Please take out the disrespectful language and be kinder to others in your speech.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
Both the term "c--t" and the gender-based misogynistic hate speech in which it is embedded are not welcome in this forum and so banned.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
Using the term "c---" and hate-fueled misogyny are offensive and must be avoided here.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Praying doesn't make a person gay and that word has been used purely for oppression and attack purposes against the LGBT community
The auto-mod speaks the truth...
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean their opinion is less valid.
Travel bans against an entire race is racist. Also environmentalists just want to preserve the planet for future human sustainability.
Every time I see the word "retard
Your argument would be more influential if you didn't use that word.
This sounds like a direct threat to all males. She should be arrested for saying that.
The use of foul language shows a lack of vocabulary.
He was brave trying to invite the side chick to the wedding... But clearly she found out and wasn't having it!
The foul language and name calling takes away from the point of the topic.
I'd be more inclined to agree with your point if you didn't use that word.
I cannot stand when this happens. I know times change but leave things as they're written in the original.
The name calling and foul language speaks volumes about your character.
I understand your side of this argument but it's hard to agree with when you use that word.
That is good. You cannot go around smacking people because their ideas are different.
The use of foul language shows a lack of vocabulary.
I agree I don't think she deserves the death penalty for doing this during a war. It isn't the same.
Using foul language shows a lack of a good vocabulary.
You can better describe these people with different words without retracting from the conversation. In fact it would improve it.
I think you're trying to say that famous people don't go through the same struggle.
There are much better ways to describe things besides resorting to foul language and name calling.
Treat others as you would what to be treated. You would not want someone using the wrong pronoun for you or call you names. Be kind to all.
That word isn't in the dictionary so I cannot define it.
The foul language shows a lack of a good vocabulary.
There is no justification for the use of that word there. You can easily say something else or say nothing at all. You post adds nothing.
There are much better words that can be used to replace the foul language.
Do not respond to hate speech with more hate speech. It only fuels the flames. Be a good example and have rational discussions.
Don't worry I agree with you. I'm a woman who married for love not money. We are not all equal.
The name calling and foul language speaks volumes about your character.
Do not claim fact if it is not a fact and you do not have a source to back yourself up. It is better to not contribute than to lie.
Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Calling someone that is not appropriate. Its an insensitive term for someone's mental disability
Stop the chatbox from displaying offensive words.
Ret---ed" and "ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; they should be avoided.
Calling someone by that term is insensitive and disrepectful to someone's mental disability.
Fa--ot" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
That term is not appropriate to use as its insensitive to someone's exual orientation.
discourage users from using homosexual slurs
Ret---ation" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families it must be avoided.
That term is insensitive to people with mental disabilities.
Stop the chatbox from displaying offensive words.
That is very inappropriate. Please refrain from using terms with foul language.
Open a dialogue on speech about women and men's anger towards them
I am sympathetic to your anger
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
this is needless generalization meant to inflame arguments
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
It's hard for me to understand your point when you use language like that.
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
I'd like to continue this discussion with you but I can't if you use language like that.
not all muslims are terrorists.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
When you use a word like that it immediately invalidates your argument.
This isn't at all funny and it isn't made more funny by being insulting.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
It's hard to take you seriously when you use that offensive term.
There are a lot of reasons you can't use that word and you should educate yourself further.
It's very hard to understand your perspective when you use a word like that.
Please don't look for reasons to dismiss the real pain that people are expressing to you.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence.
I'm sure that you could have thought of a better word to use in this situation.
I'd be more interested in your opinion if you didn't use that word.
That word is unnecessary and insulting. I know many people who are mentally disabled and they're smarter than the people you're describing!
Using hateful ableist language contributes nothing of value to the conversation of the sub.  Please refrain in the future
Don't compare the mentally disabled to people you simply disagree with. A lot of them are smarter than the people you're describing!
Please refrain from the use of sexist and ableist language in your posts.  It is not contributing anything of value to the conversation
Please don't use that word to describe women. I'm a woman and I often agree with you but this word is obscene and unnecessary.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation or the sub.
You are not retarded. A retarded person has a mental disability they have no control over. You are simply an idiot.
Please refrain from the use of hateful ableist language in your posts.  It is not contributing anything productive to the conversation.
Sounds like those that agree that this is not a "pass" could have used less offensive language if they truly respect women in general.
Stop attacking gender. This is not the day in age to bring in gentrification.
Belittling women and using racist language against different classes of people only makes matters worse.
Intellectually disabled is the proper term these days.
Language that truly speaks to your education level.
Using a slang term that refers to a woman's body is not acceptable.
Great story but you lost me in all the extra profanity.
Belittling people based on intelligence is never acceptable and using words that can offend genders is not accepted. Be politically correct
While you may disagree with the views of others we ask that you refrain from using hate speech during debate. Thank you
Please do not use derogatory language for women or transgender slurs.
Please do not use derogatory religious slurs.
Please do not use derogatory language for women.
Please refrain from using such language or you will be banned.
Please do not use derogatory language for women.
When you use that word it makes me immediately want to stop conversing with you.
Language that attacks someones disability is not allowed.
It's very hard to follow your argument when you use that word.
Language that attacks another person based off of political belief is not allowed.
I'd be more inclined to listen to your side if you didn't use that word.
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your character.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
When you use that word it automatically invalidates your argument.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
so many legit things you could say to insult her but instead you insult all the wrong people.
I get your point
lets get away from using that word as catch all for everything stupid can we.
lets dont insult all women when you really are trying for just one.
Please refrain from abusive remarks thanks
We seem to be focusing on the wrong part of the story the deadly bus crash.
You're account has been suspended. You can appeal the ban by emailing  a Moderator. Please review our user policies in the meantime.
CBC was wrong though their statement was right. It's ok to be any race
There is no need to get angry insulting or aggressive. You are free to move on from threads you don't like.
We insist that you not use such terms and review our user policies. Such derogatory terms have no place here. First warning. Thank you.
There really isn't any reason to label or criticize an entire group that wasn't even involved in the video.
Reddit is for everyone. We ask that you refrain from such derogatory terms in the future. Thank you.
Ok so back to the fact she had $9.76 million reward and it wasn't enough. I would be happy with just getting child support weekly.
There is no need to resort to personal attacks or blanket statements about women.
This thread has been closed and several of you banned. You can appeal this action by emailing a Moderator. Thank you have a nice day.
Sony and video game developers in general need to stop giving in to this. I believe there's plenty of people willing to buy it as is.
Let's tone down the insults a bit and just discuss the article.
Such language is not tolerated on Reddit. Consider this a first warning. We thank you in advance for your cooperation.
please do not use offensive language
maybe if you were less racist people would be more interested in conversing with you
please do not use offensive and racial language
please try to choose your words in a more sensitive manner
please do not use offensive language
you have the right to be upset but your word choice is very insensitive
please do not use offensive or racial language
it seems as though you have some deep seated issues with people of other races lynching an entire race of people for a crime is absurd.
please do not use offensive language
please do not threaten harm to others
I get that you have a point you want to make
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
The use of foul language shows a lack of a good vocabulary.
I'd be more inclined to agree with your perspective if you didn't use that word.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
The use of foul language and name calling does nothing more than start pointless arguments.
Using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Name calling is a childish way of describing someone.
It's difficult for me to want to listen to your perspective when you use that word.
Using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Foul language like that shows a lack of respect for others.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
The pejorative usage of "bitch" and "c--t" being gender-targeting terms of  hate is not allowed in this forum.
Name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to help anything.
Using "ret--d" pejoratively may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
Use of the racially targeting hate-filled "n word" offends many and so does not belong in intelligent commentary
Just because someone is a different race doesn't mean they are less than you.
This use of "ret---ed" offends the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided in this forum.
Using a derogatory term to describe something you dislike is making fun of people with mental disabilities.
Using the word 'idiot' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Lovecraft wasn't bad but it had some issues with diversity. My issue now is the way you guys are trying to be heard.
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race or someone's religion is not productive in conversion and does not show care.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Child abuse is never okay but let's lead by example. Stop pushing violence against violence.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
My whole thing is if you don't like using than just don't use it. I don't use certain apps and I don't complain about them.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
That is actually a funny story. I doubt he used those words to her face. He had more respect not to.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I hope her daughter doesn't either but let's stop calling our beautiful women these negative names.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Language that attacks someones sexual orientation is not allowed.
I think any valid opinion you may have is invalidated for people when you use words like "faggotry
Language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed.
Even if she's a bad lady probably shouldn't use such strong words about her or her friends that we know nothing about?
Language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed.
Physical abuse isn't okay and it doesn't make it okay that it happened to a woman who has sex with people you deem more attractive than you
Language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed.
Yeah this woman did something wrong but don't make it into a sex issue it's a mental health issue. Son vs daughter doesn't matter
Using a word that is derogatory towards women doesn't add meaning to what you were saying; some men are feminists
Using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
This term you have used is offensive to women whether you realized it or not. You need to be more careful with the words that you choose!
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
The term you have used is offensive to the disabled community even if you didn't mean to offend. You should refrain from using this term!
The offensive word you used adds negative emotion to your content and doesn't influence more valuable discussion.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
The term you have used was not appropriate and can be offensive and harmful to women. You need to consider better word choice!
Using the word 'cunty' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using a word that is derogatory towards people with Asperger's syndrome doesn't add value to the discussion.
Using the word 'spergy' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
You can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others.
The point isn't that she's a woman
Insults based on gender are not ok
There's no reason to use profanity to attack others.
Regardless of how you feel about the verdict it doesn't help your point any to use ableist slurs as an insult to someone's lack of knowledge
Insults based on disability are not ok
Wow bot
Insults based on nationality are not ok
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
Insults based on gender are not ok
Instead of insulting others you could explain their mistakes to them.
It's hard to understand your perspective when you use that slur.
That is not appropriate talk on here. Avoid using sexual terms when talking about others.
Do not use vulgar terms when talking about others.
I'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use those slurs.
Do not use hateful terms regarding sexuality in your posts. And do not use a mental disability as an insult.
The foul language leads to nothing but pointless arguments that have nothing to do with the topic.
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
The use of foul language shows a lack of a good vocabulary.
These people have went though some horrible things. You shouldn't criticize them.
There are much better words that can be used to replace the foul language.
There's no reason to call people names. They're not harming you in any way.
Name calling and foul languages speaks volumes about one's character.
There is nothing wrong with being gay. Please be respectful to others.
Using foul language shows a lack of a good vocabulary.
Not everyone is born the same way and you should respect that.
Using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
There is no tolerance of hate speech here. Remove your posts referring to handicapped individuals in hate context.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Hate speech regarding women is not tolerated. Remove your post immediately from this site or you will be banned.
It would better if everyone stopped using that word as a casual derogatory term. It's highly offensive to women.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
All comments relating to racism and sexism are prohibited.
I don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation.
I get your argument but watch the language a bit.  That word is offensive to many.
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
I was following your argument until you started using offensive words.  That really discredits your argument.
I don't think that using words which a derogatory to one's gender identity belong in meaningful conversation.
I understand you're not a native speaker but that word is quite offensive to many.  I'd back off using it.
I hope we can move forward without the slurs and hateful language. Good points can be made without being bad people.
Stop using that sexually vulgar term when referring to the female gender
Refrain from calling females that vulgar term.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to your argument or the sub's discussion.
You know 'asinine' is a wonderful and under-used word that could be used in place of hurtful language. I have many other suggestions!
You're smart enough to not use hateful language to get your point across.
Please do not use a mental impairment to insult others.
Using the "c---" term malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Name calling speaks volumes about one's character.
The use of "fa--ots" here as a pejorative is patently offensive and should be eliminated.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Name calling shows one's true character.
The use of "fa--ot" here can be patently offensive to many and so should be eliminated.
Using sexuality as a way to insult something is only showing of your lack of creativity
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Using "c--ts" to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
If you want to be taken seriously you need to find a less offensive way to get your point across.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman specifically on the basis of her sex in a hateful manner.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your character.
It's hard for me to understand your point when you use language like that.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman specifically on the basis of her sex in a hateful manner.
It's hard for me to take you seriously when you use words like those.
"Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
I understand that you have a point you want to make but it's hard to acknowledge it when you use slurs.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
You shouldn't be attacking people who lead different lifestyles.
Ignorance does not deserve such a callout and hateful response. Additionally those with mental disabilities take offense at such remarks.
You shouldn't be insulting people who have different cultures and customs than you.
You can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others.
No need to use such a term
Insults based on gender  or sexual orientation are not ok
"Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
Insults based on sexual orientation or disability are not ok
First comment is hatefully homophobic and misguided. "Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people with intellectual disability.
"Retard" and the n-word are hateful words that are used to demean people who belong to certain minorities and should not be used.
Insults based on gender are not ok
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean these women on the basis of sex in a hateful manner.
Using foul language makes people think you have a lack of a good vocabulary.
Insults based on gender aren't ok.
There are much better ways to describe someone besides resorting to name calling.
Insults based on gender are not ok
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
The use of such foul language can make others think you have a lack of a good vocabulary.
Language that demeans based on disability is not ok
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
The use of foul language shows a lack of a good vocabulary.
Language that demeans based on disability or gender is not ok
Use of such terms is not tolerated on Reddit. Please refrain from such hate speech and consider this a first warning. Thank you.
Your account is temporarily suspended. You can appeal the ban by emailing a Moderator. Thank you.
While I can understand your anger towards this woman; I wouldn't wish rape on her. That is a very hateful thing to hope for someone.
Personal attacks and hate speech are not tolerated. Reddit is for everyone including Russians. This is your first warning.
It is wrong to generalize an entire nation of people. There will be good people and bad people any where you go.
Please refrain from such terms when expressing your opinion. Your fellow Redditors with mental disabilities would appreciate it.
We insist that you refrain from using said term to refer to persons with disabilities. Reddit is for everyone. Thank you for understanding.
There are better ways to be critical of actions you don't agree with most of which do not insult or disrespect those with mental disability
Such hateful language does not contribute to the conversation and only serves to denigrate those you disagree with.
Ironically inquiring if someone is mentally disabled is incredibly disrespectful and offputting to those who struggle with such conditions.
Such hateful language against a woman is uncalled for. There are more constructive ways you can go about criticizing her actions.
Spiritual based.
Calling someone you don't like an anti-female slur isn't cool towards women.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Hi There homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thanks
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
I would be upset
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Wow that is just terrible.
The terms you have used are offensive to both the LGBT community and the disabled community. There are kinder words that can be used here.
I need to know where these women live. Because I buy my own PC's and phones. I love Android!
The term you have used was not necessary and is offensive/harmful to the disabled community. You need to use a better word choice here.
Racism has no place in videogames. If someone doesn't like a character just don't play that one.
You made a thorough comment but used hateful language in it. The term used is very offensive to the disabled community.
I totally understand. I need 2 broken teeth out and it's $700 each where I am so I'm toughing it out.
The term you have used offends the disabled community and is not necessary. There are different words you can use in replacement.
YouTube shouldn't be able to edit my comments without me checking them first. That is how false allegations start.
The term used here is very offensive towards the disabled community; there are better less offensive words that can be used instead.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Why did you bring a word like that into a conversation about children's books?
Rowling is a brilliant writer her anatomy has no bearing on the books
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
It makes me uncomfortable that you're using this as a joke to mock people.
Those who live violently tend to end that way I highly recommend peace.
Given that you're defending her I don't think it helps your argument to use gendered insults.
Stop talking about women like they aren't a part of this conversation. They can stand up for themselves!
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I think you have missed the point of this story because of your hatred toward women.
You're just salty because she doesn't give you the time of day. Chill bro!
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
It can't be good for you to make words like that a part of your regular use.
You're* ignorance is showing.  You're* in no position to comment on anyone's behavior.
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Language that attacks someones race gender sex disorder or sexual orientation is not allowed.
You can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others and calling them names.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
There's no reason to call people names. They're not harming you in any way.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult.
There are much more appropriate words that can be used to replace the foul language.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult and attacking others based on their race.
Name calling is a childish way to describe someone.
Name calling speaks volumes about your character.
"Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
I know you are joking but it is not funny to use such derogatory language. Please respect others in your community.
Gay people that I know are nice
"Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
The Mods have their reasons for their compromise. If you have questions you can message them directly instead of calling them names.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
If you found his comment not to your liking you can politely disagree or ignore it altogether instead of using obscene language.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
We insist that you choose your words carefully and review our user policies out of respect for your fellow female Redditors. Thank you.
It's hard to follow your point when you use words like those.
We must insist that you take care to show respect for your fellow female Redditors. This is a first warning. Thank you.
Your analysis of the situation would have been more effective without the use of that word.
We respect your right to voice your opinion but must insist you not use said term ever again. First warning. Thank you in advance.
Your point would be taken more seriously if you chose to use a different word.
We respect everyone's opinion but cannot tolerate use of said term. Please review our user policies. Final warning. Thank you in advance.
It's unfortunate that you chose to use that term I would have liked to hear more from your perspective.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature or demeans one gender identity contribute to a productive conversation.
Disparaging someone because of their gender or sexual orientation is not ok.
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It doesn't add to your argument or the debate in this thread
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It isn't aiding your argument or adding anything productive to the sub
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Disparaging someone because of a genderis not ok.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in the sub.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It doesn't help your argument or add to the conversation.
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity or reference sex parts do not promote understanding.
Disparaging someone because of their sexual orientation or gender is not ok.
Please refrain from using homophobic and misogynistic insults.  It adds nothing valid to the conversation in this thread.
Stop insulting people due to their gender sexual choices and religious beliefs.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Stop using gender based insults.
I hope that you realize that using the vulgar words only distracts and takes away from the argument that you're trying to make.
Hey now do not use that vulgar term when insulting others. And do not use vulgar terms disguised as other words.
Just because you dislike someone doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
Please watch it.  That word is extremely offensive to many people in today's society.
Please keep the vulgar sexual terms to yourself and not on these posts when referring to women.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean their opinion is less valid.
I understand your point but your vulgarities are taking away from your point.  If you back off the offensive language people will listen.
Hey don't use mental disabilities as an insult.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Using bitch and cunts as insults towards women is hate speech and cannot be done here
These people lead different lifestyles than you. You shouldn't criticize them.
Using faggot as an insult is hate speech do not use it here
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Using retard as an insult is hate speech do not use it here
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread.
Use of such language is disrespectful towards those who are mentally disabled - please be considerate when choosing your words
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread.
The use of such language disrespects those with mental disabilities
Please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts.  It's not adding anything productive to the discussion in this thread
Mental disability is not something to laugh at and those with disabilities deserve respect
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing productive to the discussion.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
I'd like to continue this discussion with you but I can't if you use language like that.
You using a person's race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
I'd be more open to hearing your side of this if you didn't use that kind of language.
Unfortunately your response has no merit nor offers any real insight.
I'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that offensive language.
People have different opinions and respond differently to certain things. There is no reason to cuss someone out and say they aren't smart.
Woah! Do not use a persons mental disability to insult each other. There is no place for that here.
Refrain from using mental impairments as a way to insult.
Just because someone posts stuff you do not like doesn't mean you should call them names.
Please stop using crude sexual terms when posting on here.
Just because someone has said something offensive does not give you the right to act like them as well.
Do not use profane sexual terms when posting on here.
its 'must have'
This word is offensive to the disabled.
Racism & disability discrimination are harmful to others and are unacceptable ways of speaking to others. Please refrain from using "retard"
Using the "r" word is offensive to the disabled.
The word 'retarded' is highly offensive to those with intellectual disabilities and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Destroyed these girls
The use of the "c" word is cruel offensive and inappropriate.
The word 'cunt' is highly offensive to women and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
The word 'retarded' is highly offensive to those with intellectual disabilities and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Use of the "c" word is very vulgar and inappropriate. There are plenty of other ways to get your message across.
The word 'cunt' is offensive to women and is unacceptable langue that should not be used nor should violence be incited against others.
This language is completely unacceptable. This is your only warning.
The n-word used here is unnecessary and unhelpful.
A denigrating word for women should not be conflated to mean someone who acted in a careless way.
I don't disagree with your statement but please watch the language.
No eleven year could make that decision. This was a case of statutory rape no question.
Watch your language please. This is inappropriate.
While much of this language is offensive this particular comment uses an actual slur against a group of people.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
I understand that you have a point you want to make but it's hard to acknowledge it when you use slurs.
The new format sounds like a good idea.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
I cannot take your comment seriously if you use words like those.
I didn't know Bono did that. If it's true that's awful. We need to help people in crisis and stop making money OFF of them.
Using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I cannot listen to your argument if you keep using slurs like that.
Right. She is saying she worked hard like I have for years to get here. And now women are picked because their women; we don't like it.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using that word really hinders your argument.
In this case I agree as a women I prefer men in command. But if a women is truly qualified over a man than she deserves to lead.
Your point would be more accepted if you found a way to make it without using that language.
The viewers should be the only ones to say if a movie is good or not. I disagree with critics all the time. I say get rid of them.
It's unnecessary to be so vulgar and rude about your opinion
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It doesn't aid your argument or add to the conversation of the sub.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread.
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to your argument or the conversation.
This comment was truly disrespectful and very unnecessary. Calling people out their name isn't the way to get your point across
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It isn't contributing anything productive to the sub.
Language that attacks someones sex sexual orientation or disability is not allowed.
No need to insult women with hateful language in your post.
Name calling is a childish way to describe someone.
Totally unnecessary to use hateful language about women to express opinion on post.
Using foul language doesn't make one's point any more valid.
We are mixed and diverse already. Even though people say I'm white
No need to insult people with a disability using hateful language in your post.
There are more appropriate words that should be used to replace the foul language.
If you answer any question with a question
Totally unwarranted to insult people with a disability to express your opinion.
The Pulse Night Club shootings were terrible. I may not be the same as those who died but it doesn't mean they should die.
Comments using hateful language about race or disability are not funny or warranted.
Name calling in such a way speaks volumes about one's character.
Both the term "fa--ot" and puerile and mindlessly-expressed hate speech are banned here.
That sentence was nothing but a string of hateful slurs.
Both the term "c--t" and misogynistic death threats and not allowed in this forum.
I don't agree with what she did but that language is really graphic for a family forum.
Both the term "ret--ded" and ill-considered misogynistic hatred are banned in this forum.
The argument was engaging until this immature comment that mocks a serious condition.
The word "ret--ded" anti-Muslim rants and rampant misogyny are banned in this forum.
You can prove your point without being completely hateful to women.
The opprobrious phrase "ya mangy c--ts"being offensive to many is banned in this forum.
That's a highly offensive word here in America.
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It adds nothing to the conversation in this thread.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
Please refrain from using ableist language in your posts.  It is adding nothing productive to the thread.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Please refrain from using sexist language in your posts.  It is not adding anything productive to the conversation in this thread.
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
Please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts.  It doesn't aid your argument or add anything productive to the conversation.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
So
Your language is offensive. Any further comments will result in your removal from this forum.
What you are saying is very problematic! Nips is very derogatory as is retarded. If you are serious about inclusion you wouldn't say that.
Maybe journalist stop responding because you use hateful speech like "retarded"
The term you have used is offensive and very inappropriate! There are better words you can use in this situation that don't offend others.
Using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
The terms used here are incredibly offensive to other women and not just the people involved in the conversation. Be more careful!
Using the words 'cunt and bitch' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words.
The term used is inappropriate and very offensive to the disabled community. You need to choose your words more carefully!
Using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
The word you have used is in reference to offensive language towards the disabled and should not be used! Be more careful with your words.
Its inappropriate to use words like incel and cunt as they attack someone directly based on their sexual preferences and gender respectively
Re---d" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so is forbidden.
Don't use a medical condition as an insult.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Re---d" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so is forbidden.
Don't use a medical condition as an insult.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Don't use gender based insults.
Re---ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so is forbidden.
Using mental disability as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
Disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Using that language drowns out whatever points you're trying to make no matter if they're valid or not!
Disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok.
Using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation
You guys could probably get your point across better without using the R word. it doesn't make you look good
Please avert from saying inappropriate terms regarding someones disability to insult others.
I can't explain how badly I wish everyone would stop using this word.  It is harmful and hateful.  We should try harder.
Please do not use racial slurs when posting on feeds.
It is 2019.  Surely SURELY you can think of a better word.
It's really terrible that she did that and I don't have much sympathy for her
Wow! Do not use that vulgar sexual term when voicing your opinion.
While I certainly understand the anger behind it please refrain from using this word that has been historically used to describe women.
I understand that her actions were deplorable but you don't need to stoop to her level by using that word.
No matter what the other person does don't stoop to their level by demeaning yourself into a mudslinging contest.
Referring to a person in this manner is not necessary.  Just because his opinions are not yours does not mean he has a problem.
"Retard" and "faggot" are hateful words used to demeans intellectually disabled and gay people respectively and shouldn\'t be used.
This is a very interesting debate it is unfortunate it derailed into trading hateful insults.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
You're mocking a serious medical condition with your choice of words. It isn't cute or funny.
>Uses hate speech to prove hate speech doesn't exist.
"Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
You're literally using hate speech to say hate speech doesn't exist.
You're arguing that people should think before they speak yet calling people anti-female slurs.
Please refrain from using the word "retard" to refer to someone you disagree with. It\'s an offensive term.
Just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
This isn't a competition to see who can use the most offensive insults in a single comment.
Using a derogatory term against someone you disagree with is insulting to those with actual mental disabilities.
I doubt you'd use that kind of language about a man you disagreed with.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Fun fact: Using "the n word" on the internet doesn\'t make you sound cool.
Using a derogatory term to describe someone insults their race.
Let's watch the language
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman specifically on the basis of her sex in a hateful manner.
People identify themselves as how they feel It's 2019. They deserve to have a voice too.
"Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
that word is one of the trashiest words ever it does nothing but trigger anger.
This comment seems to defend using a racial slur against black people which has historically been extremely hateful and harmful.
I disagree that saying hateful things is protected free speech. You aren't free from ridicule from saying those things.
Your point would be better accepted if you didn't use those words.
just because this is conversation about these points does not mean we can keep repeating them.
I understand you want to get your point across but it would be better presented if you didn't use that word.
Actually no person is classified by that definition in any case for any reason any longer.
It's unreasonable to judge and name call a person on one mistake. It's myopic.
When you use that word it severely cheapens your argument.
cmon man. we cant lump all women together with that by using a piece of anatomy.
It would be nice if that word wasn't used to flippantly. Words have consequences.
When you use that word it immediately invalidates your point.
the term gives me no idea about this person or what the offense actually is?
I'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that offensive language.
We ask that you refrain from such derogatory terms in your personal attacks. Please review our user policies. Thank you have a nice day.
please do not use racial language
We ask that you refrain from using such terms out of respect for fellow Redditors with mental disabilities. Thank you.
please do not use offensive language
I wish I could have a discussion with you about this but I can't if you won't stop using slurs.
We ask that you review our user policies and refrain from such terms in the future. This is a first warning. Thank you and have a nice day.
please do not use offensive language
Please refrain from use of such terms. Reddit is for everyone. This is a first warning. Thank you.
please do not use offensive language
I am sympathetic to your anger
We understand your ire but ask that you refrain from hate speech. Reddit is for everyone. Please review our user policies. Thank you.
please do not use offensive language.
I don't know what you are responding to
You should avoid using a slur if you're going to judge someone as racist.
Don't use race and nationality as an insult.
Both of you are acting childish. Using foul language isn't earning you extra points here. It's just irritating the rest of us.
That's how the current law is whether you like it or not. If you want to change it write to your senator instead of complaining.
"Retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Pleases refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread.
"Retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to the discussion in this thread
Putting someone down because of their gender isn't ok
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub.
Retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this women specifically on the basis of sex in a hateful manner.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub.
Differences would be a more polite option instead of further advancing the hate speech. We can all do our part to clean it up.
Please refrain from the use of hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this sub.
Using those terms defiles someones daughter. I wouldnt want someone calling my daughter those names.
Please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
All of this hatred and name calling only serves to weaken gender issues. Rising above these tactics is the only way to be taken seriously.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this sub.
Im not sure how Twilight zone provoked such a hate filled reply. You could at least wait until something has been said on the topic.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this sub.
Just because you do not agree with someone does not make hate speech ok. If left unchecked hate festers and grows.
The "n word" regardless of the use case is so demeaning and offensive that it does not belong in intelligent commentary.
Please do not use hate speech and degrading comments.
"Ret--dation" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Please do not use insensitive words to describe a group of people.
"Ret--d(s)" even as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided.
Please do not use discriminatory language.
Using "Ret--d" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Please do not use a word to degrade a group of people .
Ret--ded" as well as the puerile and formulaic hatred in which these terms are embedded are not only offensive but banned.
Please do not use insensitive words to describe a group of people.
more people are offended than what you guys are talking about. and putting it in quotes does not make it better.
No hate speech is tolerated on Reddit. Any further usage by any offenders here will result in permanent bans. Thank you.
you are mad at racists and yet you toss out the 'r' word without caring. kinda ruins your point.
We insist that you respect your fellow Redditors with mental disabilities. Please review our user policies and code of conduct. Thank you.
Anyone saying that their on a terrorist side should be banned. They kill and ruin people's lives. If you're joking than be more careful.
That word makes some people angry.
Making fun of anyone is hurtful and I don't find this video very funny at all. Have more respect for people and their reputations.
The sheer amount of college classes this comment could span.
The Communist Manifesto is well known in that class. I read it too but I cannot say I understood it 100%.
ho" and especially "cunt" over and over is really denigrating.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
"Retard" (and derivatives) is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and shouldn\'t be used.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
"Retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
"Retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
"Retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation.
"Ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation.
The pejorative use of "gay" and "ret--ded" constitute hate speech and as such is not allowed here.
Please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
Using the words "ret--d" "fa--ot" and their variants are constitutive of hate speech; such ill-considered venom is forbidden here.
Please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this sub.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
"Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Wow! This is not a place where you can use hateful terms regarding a persons sexual orientation.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist and homophobic language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread.
Please do not use a mental impairment as an insult on feeds.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to the discussion in this thread.
It's not necessary to bring her gender expression into this. Beauty is subjective
I don't think it's nice to call people that even if you disagree with that. Lets just let each other think differently.
Please don't use racist remarks thanks
I don't think it's cool of you to word it that way. I get that you think differently but wish you would leave it at that.
Woah! Please refrain from using language that is viewed as offensive or derogatory. Thanks for understanding!
Using words that have historically been associated with discrimination and degradation does not make your point stronger.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Let's bring about a change that it should be an equal rights movement
Please refrain from using words that are derogatory and offensive to groups of people. Instead use a more universally accepted term!
Please be careful in the words you choose and try to be respectful of all races genders and ethnicities. Thanks for understanding!
Your post uses speech that disability which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please refrain from using hateful and racist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation.
Disparaging someone because of their race is not ok.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread
Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread.
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to your post or the discussion in this thread
Disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok.
This post contains sexist language this is not acceptable.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
This post contains sexist and homophobic language. It does not belong on this website.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and sexual orientation in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
The foul language doesn't make your point any more valid than it would be with out using it.
Please do not use sexist language on this website.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Demeaning someone based on their gender is not ok
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Mocking someone based on a disability is not ok
Insulting someone based on gender isn't acceptable
This is just a collection of confused stereotypes and I'm not sure what purpose it serves.
I don't think anyone is crazy and we all have just have different opinions.
You shouldn't use stories like this to reinforce your hate of women.
There are better ways to describe something besides resorting to name calling.
These woman give us bad names.
I'm not sure if this is meant as a joke or not
There are better words that should be used to replace the foul language.
I am trying to figure out what Negan has to do with this.
It's really not necessary to say something so insulting to women when you're having a random argument.
Name calling speaks volumes about one's character.
I was with you up until the name calling. Totally not necessary to make your valid point.
Using foul language doesn't make your point any more valid.
Right. I cannot stand this either. As a woman I'm annoyed when female characters are forced into the story.
That word isn't ok here or anywhere
Woah! Please refrain from using terms that have historically been used against targeted groups. Thanks for understanding!
Non- (insert location here) natives comment on all sorts of things. It would be helpful to know from natives of a place what is going on.
Please take caution in the words you use when speaking to other users! These types of words can be seen as derogatory and offensive.
n/a
Yoko Ono fifty percent to blame for the world's lack of the Beatles?
Adoption is a wonderful right in our country. It isn't that nobody wants a child due to race it's that the numbers of children are high.
Its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. Avoid such words.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Avoid such words.
I hated when people did this in NYC or use orange cones like I'm not going to move it. But be more respectful when speaking of women.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Avoid such words.
I always say that these arguments should stay out of gaming because some games reflect history and their changing it to be untrue.
Using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Avoid such words.
I don't think mental illness is the reason someone made this suggestion. However I do agree that no sane adult needs a curfew.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Avoid such words.
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to call someone gay. And if they are
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
I disagree with using that word and it's okay if we have different opinions.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent.
Please show restraint in your argument and avoid personal attacks. You weaken your position by doing otherwise. Thank you.
Please do not use that vulgar sexual term when referring to women.
We ask that you refrain from using that term out of respect for our female participants.
Please do not use a persons sexual orientation as a term of hate.
You have been banned from this reddit. You can appeal your ban with our moderators.
A word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities doesn't add to an argument.
Avoid using a mental impairment as an insult on this post
I believe their are more appropriate accurate and less offensive ways to phrase that.
For all of our hard working female members we ask that you find a more intelligent and respectful way to phrase your protests.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or contribute to the discussion
Using hateful misogynistic language adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub.  Please refrain from it in the future.
Whoa
These terms are very derogatory and should not be used.
Your aunt seems to need some education about who is spreading what where.
This term is offensive towards women and an alternative word should be considered.
Drunk fighting with the police is uncalled for but still don't she doesn't deserve a punch in the face.
I understand your argument
Sexuality trends seem to be media driven lately.
It's almost impossible to follow any of your arguments with all of the vulgarities going on.
Do not make generalizations about people based on their nationality. Some of these terms are attacks on women and the disabled.
Awww it's so cute how you are all omniscient about this situation. Girl might or might not.
Suicide rates among veterans are 22 per day. Might look into rates for female versus male veterans.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Retarded being used as an insult is hate speech do not use it here.
Language that attacks someones disability is not allowed.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability.
Using retarded as a general insult is hateful to a large group of people do not use it here
Language that attacks someones disability is not allowed.
Using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Please do not use a mental impairment as an insult to different political parties.
Do not refer to women using that sexual vulgar term.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using a word that is derogatory to people with mental disabilities to describe a situation doesn't enhance my understanding.
Please do not use a mental disability as an insult to others from the feed.
We insist that you respect your fellow Redditors with mental and phsycial disabilities and review our user policies. Thank you in advance.
please don't make offensive remarks thanks
We must insist that such terms not be used. Please review our user policies and consider this a first warning. Thank you.
Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. You can appeal your bans by emailing a moderator. Thank you and have a great day.
Please do not make offensive remarks
Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. Please review our user policies and consider this a first warning. Thank you.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
That's one of the most hateful example of verbal abuse in the English language I'd avoid it.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
I would avoid that term everyone has a gift and the world would be better off if we recognized it.
I think it's difficult to understand what's going on without knowing the full context.
Hey there sexist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
That term has a lot of pain and suffering tied to it make rethink using it.
Language that demeans based on sexual orientation is not ok
While you argue with robots and people who were minding their own business please remember that words can cause real harm.
Language that demeans based on race is not ok
Friendly reminder that using the n-word is inappropriate in pretty much any context
I think I understand what you're trying to say
Language that demeans based on religion is not ok
I'm not sure what's going on here
Hey please consider using "ridiculous" or "stupid" instead of the r-word
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they are less than you.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Hating on women and calling them the C word isn't cool.You can't assume that she would make a false rape allegation based on only that
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their race(nigger white cunt) and gender (cunt). Refrain from such words.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
We don\'t use the R word anymore we say "very stupid people" now.
Don't make offensive comments about people thank you.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
We don\'t use the R word anymore we say "very stupid" now.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean women in a hateful manner and also being deliberately sexist in last comment.
You all should both agree that you are terrible people and move on with your lives but do it somewhere other than here.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
"Full ret--d" seeks to debase people by directing hate at the mentally disabled; please refrain for using such locutions here.
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Using the term "c---" and its variants pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
"Ret---ed" offends the mentally disabled and their families; try to substitute a less hateful term.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. Racist language is also not allowed.
Use a euphemism rather than the "n word" to avoid such a potentially offensive term.
When you use that word it automatically invalidates your argument.
Using that word does not help your argument.
Please do not use language that is used to demote women just as an insult. It weakens your argument and is ignorant.
I understand your point but it's very hard to agree with it when you use that word.
Dismissing people's feelings because of a quality they posses is unfair. They deserve respect for thier opions whether or not you agree.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Please refrain from using such derogatory and hateful words. Instead make your point with more universally accepted words!
Please take caution in you word choice - these types of words can be considered offensive and derogatory!
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Such mindless and debasing use the "c---" term is hateful and so forbidden here.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Such mindless and debasing use the "c---" term is hateful and so forbidden here.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
"Re---d" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families.
"Re---d" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families.
SJW\'s may have their issues but explain further. Saying someone is "retarded" doesn\'t exactly explain your point.
Not all people who consider themselves SJWs may be mentally disabled.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Both of you need to stop
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
There is nothing wrong with a woman wanting to express herself
Your account is temporarily suspended. Please review our user policy and code of conduct. Your suspension can be appealed by emailing a Mod.
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread.
Bitch" has been used for centuries to tell women who have an opinion to shut up and that it doesn\'t matter what they think or feel
Such language is not tolerated on Reddit. You can appeal your account bans with a Moderator. In the meantime please review our user policies
Please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing of value to the thread.
Disparaging someone because of their sexual orientation is not ok.
Wow! Please do not use hateful terms regarding someones sexuality on this post.
Do not use a disability to insult others and do not use that sexually vulgar term on these posts.
Disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok.
Do not respond with sexually vulgar terms when posting on someones gender.
Disparaging someone because of a disability or gender is not ok.
Do not diminish a view point on genders and do not use hateful terms regarding disability and sexual orientation.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Don't use racist and sexual choices as insults.
Way to fight  the use of a bad term with the use of another bad term.
This exchange creates the stench of hate speech directed on the basis of race and sexual preference. This forum is not a place for either.
Even though what she said was wrong
Your language is not appropriate especially given the violent undertones for this forum.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe women.
Even though I don't agree with her actions
Please do not use derogatory language to describe women.
Believe me I understand your argument.  But know that you point is diluted with the offensive language.  People only focus on that.
Please do not use homophobic language.
Please do not use derogatory language for women.
You can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman on the basis of her sex in a hateful and bigoted manner.
There's no reason to shame others based on how they look.
There's no reason to call people names. They're not harming you in any way.
You can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
There's no reason to use profanity to attack others.
I am sympathetic to your anger but I can't engage with you further if you continue to use slurs.
Just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you.
Using a word like that immediately invalidates your argument.
Name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
It's hard for me to take you seriously when you use words like those.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
I understand that you have a point you want to make but it's hard to acknowledge it when you use slurs.
I cannot take your comment seriously if you use words like those.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to help anything.
I know we have differing opinions and wish you wouldn't use those words to describe people. Lets just leave it there.
Terms like "b-tch" and \'c--t" directed at women are hateful hostile and must be avoided here.
Please avoid personal attacks and offensive language. It is easily possible to point out her moral failings without being rude.
Please don't use that word to define people. I understand what you are saying but wish you didn't use it.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
I know you're angry but please avoid using that word. It only creates more hate.
The "N word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
That term is unacceptable. Further use will find you permanently banned.
Hey
"Fag--t" and "ret--d" are terms of hate whe used pejoratively; they are not permitted here.
First and final warning avoid using such terms in your criticism or we will have no choice but to suspend your account.
I get that you're frustrated but I wish you didn't use those words to say it.
"Re---ded" and "ret--ds
As pointed out it's okay to disagree but not okay to engage in personal attacks. This is your first warning now play nice.
"Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
Its inappropriate to use 'faggot or feggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Retard" and "faggot" are harmful terms used to demean intellectually disabled and gay people respectively and should be avoided.
Woah! Please refrain from using words that are considered derogatory or hateful. Your point can be made using universally accepted words.
please refrain from using offensive language.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
please refrain from using offensive language
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Woah! Please use more universally accepted words to make your point instead of words that promote bigotry and hatred. Thank you!
please refrain from using offensive language
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Please take caution in the words you use - your point can be made in a more universally accepted manner. Thanks for understanding!
please refrain from using offensive language.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
please refrain from using offensive language.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Using a word like that immediately invalidates your argument.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their race.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your character.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
There's no reason to call people names and attacking their race. They're not harming you in any way.
It's hard for me to understand your point when you use language like that.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their religion and making false accusations.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Making fun of a serious health condition is not the way to get your point across.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
The same way calling someone what you just called them is allowed.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
That word doesn\'t mean "stupid
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Using an anti-female slur to describe your displeasure isn't cool.
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Female main characters can be just as good as males.
Racist language and homophobic language is not allowed.
People of color and gay people do not deserve this.
Women are very capable of doing the job so it is you that will lose.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this. You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Hi There Please refrain from using derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Hi There Please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
Stop using a gender based insult.
Please do not use language that could be offensive to those with inellectual disabilities.
Please persons with disabilities. Refrain from hate speech so that we can all continue to enjoy Reddit. This is a first warning.
This post has sexist language please do not post that.
We appreciate users passion in expressing their opinions but must insist on refraining from hate speech. Thank you.
This post is sexist please do not use such language.
Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. You can appeal your account suspension by emailing a Moderator.
Please do not use sexist language.
Such terms are not tolerated on Reddit. Consider this a final warning before further action is taken.
Hello this is a friendly reminder that the words you've used are incredibly offensive. Diversity in our world is very important!
Its inappropriate to use the words 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
Hello just a reminder that women and minorities experience oppression daily and your words do not help. Perhaps you should rephrase.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their  gender (cunt). Refrain from such words.
Your choice of words are politically incorrect. Maybe you should rephrase and say "those with an intellectual disability."
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
I think you should rephrase your sentence. The word you have used is incredibly offensive.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
words like idiot and psychopathic are considered to be offensive as they directly attack people with mental disabilities
Your sentence doesn't even make sense even without the hateful word choice.
Being feminine does not mean someone has low intellect no point of trying to bring others down.
Not sure what's going on here
The anti-female slur does nothing to enhance your argument here.
Just because someone supports a particular candidate such as Trump doesn't mean they are not smart.
We could start the change in language with decreasing the hate speech in this post.
Disagreeing with the way someone acts is fine but there is no reason to call them names just because they are in the wrong.
Watch the language please. This isn't necessary.
Using that word to mean "stupid" is ignorant and mocks a severe medical illness.
Maybe the poster did not understand it was satire no need to get angry over it.
Although what they said was offensive there is no need to stoop to there level and start calling them names.
Even when you are annoyed about someone's actions it is not okay to use offensive words.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't solving anything.
When posting reviews in this forum use polite language an avoid hate speech or offensive language.
Using hate speech against the people you disagree with is not helping anything.
Offensive language is not allowed in this forum.
Generalizing a whole gender based on the actions of a few people doesn't make any sense.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
Just because someone is a different race doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
Its inappropriate to use 'dyke' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Your point becomes invalid when you use a word like that.
I don't think that using words which a derogatory to one's gender identity belong in meaningful conversation.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that slur.
Using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I understand you have a point you want to make but using that word cheapens it.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Using those words reflects poorly on your character.
Using those kind of words do not contribute to a useful conversation.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Try to be more respectful of the mother in law. I know mine is a pain too but without her you wouldn't be in love with their child.
There's no reason to call people names. They're not harming you in any way.
We all can agree to disagree but one thing I feel 100% on is that we ALL need to respect our President.
You shouldn't be insulting people who have different opinions than you.
I don't think this is true at least not federally. But if it is there must be a reason for it.
Name calling something you dislike isn't going to fix the situation.
Please avoid using female genitalia as an insult on posts.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Do not use a persons mental disability as a way to be hurtful
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
There is no reason to use a persons disability as an insult
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Wow. Do not use sexual orientation or female genitalia as a way to be rude.
Using the words 'tranny cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Do not use a persons mental impairment as an insult to others
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Both "Ret--d(ed)" and "fa--ots" cause offense to many and so are not allowed here. Please refrain from using them.
It's very difficult to understand your perspective when you use that word.
Ret--ded" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families please try to avoid its use.
I'd like to continue this discussion but it's hard when you use that kind of language.
Using  "ret--ds" ret--ded" and "f-gs" and mindlessly expressing reflexive hatred toward LGBTQ persons are offensive and banned here.
When you use that kind of language it reflects poorly on your intellect.
Both the term "ret--d" and senseless misogyny are banned in this forum.
When you use that word it immediately invalidates your argument.
Using "c--t" malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Insults based on gender are not ok
Using "c--t" malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Insults based on gender are not ok
Using "c--t" malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Insults based on gender are not ok
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Insults based on disability are not ok
Just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you.
Just because someone is a different race than you doesn't mean they are less than you.
Don't use faggot as an insult
broad generalizations based on stereotypes and paranoia only discredit those who spread them.
Just because someone likes the same sex or has a different opinion doesn't mean they are a bad person.
name calling using offensive slurs carries your argument into the gutters of human interaction and losing all credibility.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
nonsensical racial are still racist and a waste of the oxygen you breath
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Do not use a mental impairment as an insult on feeds.
That may be true but let's not try to speculate about her mental capabilities
Since you're already correcting someone try using a different word altogether.
Please dont use that word. It's very offensive.
Do not use hateful terms regarding a persons sexual orientation.
That's a word I think we all would agree doesn't need to be thrown around here. They're just people.
I doubt a person's mental capabilities is the issue here.
hey derogatory and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thx
This conversation thread includes many words that are hurtful to women. There was a crime but these words affect all women.
There are other ways to express your opinion that do not include damaging words.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
This conversation does include examples of the "gendered slurs" mentioned. These words used are hurtful to women.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
While you may not like that person that word to describe them is offensive.
Hi There Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
In a video game environment people must still be respectful and use acceptable language. The language used here would not be included.
Using a slur to defend using slurs is pretty meta. I support banning offensive language as it can actually hurt people
Please do not use a mental disability when voicing your opinions.
Do not use a mental disability to voice your frustrations.
Gatekeeping is only harmful to the community a person is whatever they identify as and ableist slurs only make it worse
Do not use that mental disability as an insult to others voicing their opinions.
Even though those actions are reprehensible it only deters from your point when you degrade to name calling
Please do not use that sexually vulgar term when talking about a person.
The word 'cunt' is derogatory and offensive to women and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion
A word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities does not add meaning and it's emotionally charged hate is distracting.
The word 'retarded' is highly offensive to those with intellectual disabilities and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion in this thread
Adding words emotionally charged with hate doesn't add meaning.
The word 'retarded' is highly offensive to those with intellectual disabilities and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread.
Even if a woman is at fault
The word 'cunt' is derogatory and offensive to women and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion in this thread.
Words that are derogatory towards people with mental disabilities aren't helpful.
The word 'retarded' is highly offensive to those with intellectual disabilities and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
No need to insult people based on disability status while responding to post.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this and I'm sure most people wouldn't use that to describe this.
Totally unwarranted to use hateful terms about people based on race of disability while talking about video games.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Totally unnecessary to use hateful language about people with disabilities while responding to post.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Unwarranted to use hateful terms based on gender while expressing opinion.
I hear people use that word to disparage a lot on here. Not sure why it's so popular.
Totally unnecessary to use hateful terms about people with a disability in response to post.
I don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability does not belong in meaningful conversation.
Please be careful with the words you choose and opt for universally accepted words instead of those that have derogatory connotations.
Woah! Please refrain from using words and terms that are considered offensive and derogatory. Thanks for understanding.
Do not use a mental disability as an insult on posts
Woah! Please refrain from using terms that promote bigotry and can be considered derogatory and offensive. Thanks for understanding!
Stop using a persons mental disability as a way to insult others
Please avoid using that vulgar term when talking about the female sex.
Using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation.
Please refrain from using terms that are considered derogatory and offensive. Instead opt for a more universally accepted term!
Stop using that sexually crude word to refer to women.
please refrain from using offensive language
Please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities.
please dont use offensive language
Please do not use derogatory language for women.
please dont use offeinsive language
Please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities.
Please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement
There is no need for the derogatory he/she's just trying to keep the forum clean.
Please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread.
These people have went though some horrible things. You shouldn't criticize them.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist and racist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
That has nothing to do with the fact all kids have potential. I don't think it's equal
Please refrain from using hateful racist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others. Please be more respectful.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. It adds nothing of value to your argument or the conversation.
There's no reason to use profanity. Nobody is harming you in any way.
I'd be more open to your perspective if you didn't use that kind of language.
use of the C-word only diminishes your argument; if you left that out you may even garner som sympathy!
When you use those types of slurs in immediately invalidates your argument.
Use of the C-word is just not necessary; expand your vocabulary and your credibility too!
Hey there is no place for that vulgar term here. Don't refer to women in that way.
I'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word.
Use of the C-word only diminishes your argument you made a really good point by but using the C-word you lost your credibility!
It's hard to take your point seriously when you use that slur.
using the word retarded to express negativity hasn't been acceptable in decades; expand your vocabulary and your credibility!
It makes me disregard your perspective when I see you using words like those.
The judge is wrong here. This lady should of been put in for at least 30 days to see how it feels.
Do not use that sexually impolite word when referring to women.
They don't hate her. They just don't agree with her decisions. We all have that in our family.
Think before posting on this feed. Do not use crude terms regarding sexual genitalia
The rape culture is so stupid. But we also cannot condone assault. We need to all get along; Adults.
Please do not use that crude term when voicing your frustrations.
The cops are supposed to be professional. We need to respect them too.
Do not use vulgar terms disguised as other words on posts.
Honestly I'm a woman and yes men are on average taller than us. Nothing wrong with stating a fact but nicely.
Refrain yourself from using that vulgar sexual term when posting.
The secret agenda for equality for everyone and not just certain people... Truly a fate worse than death.
Somebody defending rights of people with disabilities should not use words that hurt that same group of people.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
With that language you have a better chance with a sewage grate than any lady.  Just saying.
This is very offensive language that promotes rape culture and the idea that women are perpetually sexually available to men.
If your goal was to prove you aren't a troll you have surely failed.
The language used is a slur against people in the LGBTQ+ community and is unnecessary.
You using a person's race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
your bad language cheapens your point now no one is listening because they think you're just hateful
This was a strong reaction to a very reasonable suggestion.
Replacing the foul language with more appropriate words would make it more pleasurable to read the post.
Theres no reason to use that language. Just because you dont agree with them.
Name calling and foul language leads to pointless arguments that have nothing to do with the topic.
I agree just go to a designated place and dissent.
We ask that you consider what you said more carefully. Hate speech will not be tolerated on Reddit. Thank you. Final warning.
The entire male and female divide is out of hand. I don't even know how it got this far. All I want is equal pay men can have the rest.
Personal attacks and hate speech are not tolerated. This is your first and final warning. Choose your words more carefully in the future.
It's hard to take your perspective seriously when you use that word.
This may not have been the most moral individual but you can't extrapolate that behavior to all women.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion in this thread.
I'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that slur.
A word for a female should not be a putdown for a man.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to the discussion in this thread
Your argument would be better accepted if you didn't use that word.
This particular slur is a harmful put-down for those with mental or intellectual disabilities. The term is outdated.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread
It's difficult to understand your perspective when you use those sorts of words.
This slur causes harm to women. There are better insults out there that do not employ race gender ableism or other discrimination.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to aid your argument and adds nothing to the discussion
All of these people are victims and you shouldn't be using this story to spread hate.
Insults based on gender are not ok
while it is totally justified to be upset about situations like this can we please remember to use language that is not offensive to women?
Insults based on gender are not ok
it should not however be a privilege to not be verbally harassed online. please use nicer language
Insults based on gender are not ok
her would be a nicer word choice
while your point may be valid it would be better received without language of that nature
Hey
Try to reevaluate the language you have chosen to use. How does it make people feel?
Even if she was wrong hate attacks tolerance and acceptance. Calling her derogatory names will not help solve this or any other situation
Hey everyone
This language is not necessary to prove your point.
People can disagree without defaming one another. It does nothing to validate your stance in the argument & makes you look ignorant.
Your language here is unnecessary. You can prove your point all the same using respectful language.
Churchill's description does not illustrate issues you have with him. Elaborating without vulgarity could explain more clearly. Thank you.
Your language here is not necessary. You can still make your point without using those terms!
You're statements are not clear & hard to understand. Further attacking the victim does not provide any solutions to help this situation.
Name calling is a childish way to describe someone.
I don't think we need to talk like that to be effective.
You could get your message across better speaking like a grown up.
Name calling is a childish way to describe someone.
I think you can replace that word with something less offensive and more meaningful. Stop that.
There are more appropriate terms that should replace the terms used.
I think calling them mentally or intellectually disabled get the point across more effective. No reason to speak like that at all.
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
You could say 'white idiots'. You may make a good point but I can't tell based on the distracting random slurs.
Disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok.
Hmm would have been a good joke without the bad language.
Disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok.
While I understand your outrage this is not an appropriate way to respond to such news.
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
It's easy to sit and pass judgement on reddit while calling women names right?
Language that attacks a race is not allowed.
You can put this point across without the vulgarity or profanity too
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Serving in military should have given your more sense than to call people names and oh thank you for your service not.
Language that attacks someones disability is not allowed.
Can't this be said without calling people retards or idiots?
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
"Retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Even casual use of the term "ret--d" is offensive and best avoided here.
"Retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Lol
"Retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
If you want your argument to be taken seriously you shouldn't use that language so casually.
a whole convo on a touchy subject dealt with in civil manner and you throw out the 'r' word so you dont have to think. you can do better.
Please do not talk down to others beliefs in religion and do not use a mental impairment as an insult.
This is not a feed that allows hateful terms that refer to sexual orientation and or religious affiliations.
It's startling that even when presented with the most empathetic possible connection that your answer is still violence.
cmon guys! every woman is not just sex parts and and avery man you dont like is not the 'r' word.
Do not use a mental impairment as an insult and do not refer to women using that vulgar term.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread.
Please separate your anger from the hateful comments toward innocent people.
I understand you want to get your point across but using that word doesn't help.
Please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
Please obliterate the prejudicial comments and use more acceptable words.
It's a poor reflection of your character when you use that word.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to contribute to the discussion in this thread.
Take out the damaging words and use kinder ones please.
I'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing productive to the conversation at all.
Please exclude the language that is distressing to others.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this sub.
Please cease the abusive talk and express your thoughts in a way that is less hurtful to others.
Please refrain from making insensitive comments towards a certain gender.
Please try to find a more intelligent word that isn't offensive to so many.
As a women I do believe men can be pushed aside during these times with STEM and it's wrong. But we must say so in a respectful way.
You can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others.
Maybe if you explained that with less negativity the point would get across. Ladies do the same and we need to give the next guy a chance.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Spanish is the 2nd language in the USA and you'll make more money at most jobs if you learn it. I say learn 3 or 4 languages!
There's no reason to call people names. They're not harming you in any way.
I understand your argument but it's hard to agree with you when you use that word.
it's been decades since people used words describing homosexuals as negative descriptors get with the times!
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your character.
Please refrain from your use of racist or homophobic slurs in your posts.  The contribute nothing productive to the conversation of the sub.
All you're doing is trading insults so I am missing the basis of your argument.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything productive to the conversation in this thread.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this sub.
You're account has been suspended. Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. You can appeal your suspension by emailing a Moderator.
While you may have differing opinions from those you mock the language you're using to express these differences is unnecessary.
Hate speech of any kind is not tolerated on Reddit. We respect your right to an opinion but insist that you refrain from using this term. Ty
Your opinion is important but please refrain from using ableist slurs when expressing your opinions.
We ask that you review our user policies concerning hate speech. In the future avoid such terms when commenting. Thank you.
Try using less graphic words to express your opinion please.
Out of respect for Redditors with physical and or mental disabilities we must insist you avoid such terms in the future. First warning. Ty
Please avoid using words that may be considered ableist by others.
Use of that word is not tolerated on Reddit. Please review our user policies and consider this a first warning. Thank you.
Your comment includes language that can be harmful. Try using other words to express your point of view.
It's very difficult to follow your argument when you use that word.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
When you use that word it automatically invalidates your argument.
Hi There please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
When you use those slurs it makes me immediately disregard your argument.
Hey there homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thanks
You could make your point more effectively if you didn't use such offensive slurs.
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Using such a slanderous word to describe a woman shows a severe lack of respect.
I know you are expressing anger but the word choice you used is vulgar and affects more than just those you are meaning to refer to.
Name calling leads to nothing but pointless arguments that have nothing to do with the topic at hand.
I know you are having an argument but you used offensive language that is harmful towards women. You should use better words in the future!
Name calling speaks volumes about one's character.
The word choice you used is offensive to other women and not just to the woman you are referring to. There are better words to be used.
Name calling is a childish way to describe someone.
I know you are expressing anger but the word choice you have used is unnecessary and is offensive to women. Please use better word choice!
The term you have used is offensive to a whole community of people and you should refrain from using it again! It can be harmful.
Using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
Using the words 'twat and pussy' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman specifically on the basis of her sex.
Using the word 'thundercunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using the "c---" term pejoratively is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Such terms and language are not tolerated on Reddit. We ask that you review your user policies. This is a first warning. Thank you.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is gender-targeting hate speech and should always be avoided here.
We respect your right to your opinion but insist that you not employ such terms in the future. Thank you for your understanding.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is gender-targeting hate speech and should always be avoided here.
Such language is not tolerated on Reddit. We ask that you review our user policies and refrain from said term in the future. Thank you.
Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
I get that he lies a lot but the language is insulting to those that have real mental impairments and isn't fair.
Using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Try to calm down and think this through rationally. Whatever the case a man should never attack a woman.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Guys can you please leave him alone
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
please don't make offensive remarks to people thanks
There are better ways to describe your disagreement than using sexist slurs.
I'm sure you don't mean to offend people with this serious medical condition.
Anti-female slurs don't help your argument.
That's just a word small minded men say to make themselves feel better.
Insults based on gender are not ok
I don't think words like that need to be used.
Insults based on gender or sexual orientation are not ok
Offensive terms for females are not permitted.
All these false rap claims is out of control. They need to be put on their own list similar to sex offenders because their ruining lives.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Slang terms for female genitalia or mentally disabled not permitted
Every country is different. We cannot make a valid argument about punishment in Holland vs the USA; very different.
Hitler & Nazi references may be perceived as racially offensive and should be removed.  Slang term for female genitalia is not permitted.
I also wonder who exactly decides what is funny or offensive online.
You shouldn't be insulting people who have different opinions than you.
Slang term for mental disability not permitted.  Racial/Pro-White remarks not permitted.
Good for them. At least they still are welcoming foreigners.
Please don't use ableist words to describe a person.
Slang term for mental disability not permitted
This is very interesting. It seems like the push in STEM may end up a repeat of what happened in the factories.
Use of a word that is derogatory is not helpful.
You may believe that you word used to stigmatise the mentally handicapped is not offensive but those suffering do. Please use another word.
A word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities is charged emotionally with hate.
Kindly avoid language that stigmatises or otherwise excludes the mentally handicapped.
A word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities is emotionally charges with hate.
Please refrain from using words that may stigmatise or victimise minority groups such as the mentally handicapped.
This comment is evidently homophobic including using historically pejorative language and in this way is harmful and hateful.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
I am stating my own personal opinion which you may not agree with. This does not give you any right to speak to me in that kind of way.
What makes you think it's ok to call the OP such an offensive term
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
I do not think it is appropriate or nice to be saying that. Please be respectful of others self identity.
This comment is violently homophobic condoning violence against gay people and using a hateful slur.
That language was unnecessary to convey your opinion. There are better ways to make your point.
"Retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Let's have more respect here. There is no need for speaking like that about an underage person especially.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
profanity and derogatory remarks are opinion not facts stick to the facts
It's very hard to take your point seriously when you use that word.
Hi There Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
grammar suggestions will be done without profanity
I'd like to hear more of your perspective but it's hard to understand when you use that language.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
constructive arguments are done without being combative
Hi There Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
conversations here are done without batter
It's difficult to follow your argument when you use that sort of language.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
bulling is not stopped by being over assertive
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
Language that demeans based on sexual orientation is not ok
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
Some women are manly and they are important for today's society.
Language that demeans based on sexual orientation is not ok
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Language that demeans based on gender is not ok
I feel like the word 'Retard' is an extremely hurtful word to use when describing someone you don't care for.
You shouldn't be insulting people who don't have the same opinions as you.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
I understand you don't agree with what is going on
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
Use of a word derogatory towards people with mental disabilities doesn't add meaning.
Using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation.
I don't believe hate of all women is a justified critique of one woman.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care.
Use of a word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities does not help to add meaning.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
The use of a word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities adds a negative emotional charge and does not add any meaning.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
Using a word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities does not add to an argument.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything of value to the conversation in this sub.
Using hateful misogynistic language is adding nothing to your argument or the conversation.  Please refrain in the future.
Please refrain from using ableist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing of value to the conversation
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people is ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
Please refrain from using homophobic or sexist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing productive to this conversation.
This doesn't concern the mentally ill there are other ways to define them.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
If your point is correct it'll come through without name calling or slurs.
I hear people use that word to disparage a lot on here. Not sure why it's so popular.
You don't need to make your case in such a negative way.
I hear people use that word to disparage a lot on here. Not sure why it's so popular.
Wakanda doesn't exist because there are no magical super materials. No one can make a Wakanda.
That's racist and no one thinks movies are real.
You really wanting something to be a fact and citing obviously biased carelessly done studies doesn't make that a fact.
rHey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Hey there homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thank you
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
That word is extremely rude and disrespectful towards women.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Silencing an entire group of people just because they don't agree with you shows your close-mindedness and unwillingness to debate issues
Hi There Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
Don't use sexual choices as an insult.
"Fa--ot" as used here cause offense to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary
I don't think that using words which a derogatory to one's gender identity belong in meaningful conversation.
Don't use a gender based insult.
Both rampant misogyny and the pejorative use of the word "c--t" are offensive unthinking and hateful; all are forbidden here.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
I might choose a different adjective it offends people with intellectual and developmental disabilities.
Using hateful ableist language in your posts adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion.  Please refrain in the future.
Your description is not appropriate because it offends  people that care for and support them.
Using hateful ableist language in your posts adds nothing of value to your argument or the conversation.  Please refrain in the future.
I would avoid using that term It alienates and excludes them.
Please refrain from the use of hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
Please refrain from the use of hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to add to the conversation of the sub.
When you pepper your speech with that description you are spreading hurt.
What is being said may or may not be true but basing it all on their race is morally wrong.
Using foul language doesn't make a point of view any more valid.
The laws I been hearing about regarding women in UK not going to jail for non-violent crimes is sad.
Name calling and foul language shows a lack of understanding of the topic.
Well she shouldn't be leaving it behind but calling her that name is wrong too.
The foul language and name calling have absolutely nothing to do with the topic at hand.
We ask that you practice tolerance in your choice of terms as well and avoid such offensive terms in the future. Thank you.
Persons with disabilities. Reddit is for everyone. We thank you for your understanding.
Your post can be written without using sexist language.
We ask that you express your ire using less offensive terms. We understand anger and debate we do not tolerate hate here. Thank you
For the sake of fellow female Redditors we ask you to not use such terms. Thank you for your understanding and cooperation.
I understand the point you're trying to make but it's difficult to digest when you use that kind of language.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
It's very hard to have this conversation with you when you use that word.
Hi There Please refrain from using derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
I understand your anger
Hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
Just because someone is not as smart as you doesn't mean they are less than you.
I think your point would come across better if you didn't use that kind of language.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
Fighting hate speech with hate speech is not going to solve anything.
I'd be more inclined to agree with your comment if you didn't use that word.
Hi There Please refrain from using racist comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
You should not use that term when voicing your opinion on others.
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
Please do not use a mental disability as an insult to others or others political stance.
You shouldn't be insulting people who have different beliefs than you.
Abstain from using a mental impairment as an insult.
You shouldn't be insulting people who have different opinions than you.
You shouldn't be insulting people who have different opinions than you.
Woah! Please do not compare others when using a term regarding mental disability.
You shouldn't be attacking people who lead different lifestyles.
Words derogatory towards men that are homosexual and women aren't necessary to add meaning.
The word 'cunt' is derogatory and offensive towards women and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed.
The word 'retarded' is offensive to those with intellectual disabilities and the language here constitutes hate speech towards women.
Language that attacks someones disability is not allowed.
Calling a person a n****r and making horrible claims about eating their own children is racist hate speech and is unacceptable.
Racist language is not allowed.
I don't believe there has ever been a situation that warranted the use of a word that is derogatory to all women.
The word 'cunt' is deragatory and offensive to women and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed.
A word that is derogatory towards women doesn't add meaning; it is emotionally charged with hate.
The word 'cunt' is derogatory and offensive to women and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed.
No need to insult disabled people while disagreeing.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Use of hateful language regarding women was unwarranted.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please show more respect for your fellow female Redditors by choosing less offensive terms. Thank you for your cooperation
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Reddit does not tolerate the use of such language. To avoid bans and supspended accounts please use better judgement in the future. Ty
Your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Language people we're better than that. We ask that you respect your fellow redditors in the future.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
We ask that you consider word choice in the future. Free speech doesn't have to alienate people. Thank you for your understanding.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
We ask that you engage in civil debate and refrain from using such profanity. We would rather avoid further action. Thank you.
"Retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Instead of using an offensive word
"Retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
"Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Your thoughts and opinions would carry more weight if you would focus more on your point and less on name calling.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please try to avoid it.
That word has no place in vocabulary anymore. Mike Pence isn't any better or worse than any other person either.
Quoting the "n word" here is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
One's heritage and feelings are no joke. Opinions will always vary on historical events but they all have a place as they are our past.
Using words like 'cunt' only make your views less valid.
Using the "c---" term malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Using the "tw-t" term malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Using such language to describe a woman shows one's true character.
Please hold police officers in equality not basing off of gender.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others because of their gender.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
It is okay to not agree but please respect other's sexual orientation.
Not everyone is born the same way and you should respect that.
There's no reason to call people names. They're not harming you in any way.
Please refrain from using the 'r' word when describing your stance as it is a sensitive word for a protected class.
Instead of insulting others you could explain their mistakes to them.
Excise the noxious commentary please from your conversation.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Please take out the slurs at people and be more gentle in your words.
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
Avoid using the damaging remarks and state your feelings with more compassion please.
You're talking about respect
No need to call her those things when she is still underage and learning how the world works.
More negativity thru words or violence will not help him in this situation.
Name calling and suggesting violent behavoir speaks to one's true character.
Some good arguments but when you blast someone or group it sorta defeats your argument.
There are certainly more appropriate words that can be used to replace the foul language.
Not all women are like that. People just like what they like and that's just how it is.
If you don't like his content you need to see it. Very simple to find something else you may like.
Using foul language doesn't make one's point any more valid.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation or your argument.
I'd be more inclined to agree with you if you did not use that word.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It is not contributing in any productive way to the discussion.
It's very hard to follow your argument when you use these types of slurs.
Please refrain from the use of racist slurs in your posts.  It does nothing to contribute productively to the discussion in this sub.
Woah! This language is considered derogatory - please try to use more universally accepted terms when referring to groups of people
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to contribute anything of value to the discussion.
Please be careful in the words you use when speaking with other users. These types of names can be considered offensive!
If you want people to know what you mean why don't you use accurate language.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
What occured here has nothing do do with anyone's label of mother or daughter.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
I don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation.
Disparaging someone because of their religionis not ok.
There are better ways to decribe a place than resorting to foul language.
Hi There please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to the discussion in this thread
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
How ironic that you're supporting women
Hi There Please refrain from using derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
Hi There please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
Please refrain from the use of hateful ableist language in your posts.  It is not adding anything productive to the discussion or the sub.
You're trying to convince your coworker to see your point
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It is not helpful to your argument or contributing to the discussion
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Please use more respectful language when expressing your opinions. We thank you in advance for your understanding.
Using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Refrain from such language please. Reddit is for everyone and we ask that you express your dissent respectfully.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Persons with disabilities. We insist that you remain civil in your discourse. Thank you.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Language people. Such terms are not acceptable on Reddit. This is your first warning. We appreciate your cooperation.
Using the "c---" term malevolently and hate-fueled speech toward women are offensive and should be avoided.
shit she did daredevil and West Wing it cant be that bad
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean their opinion is not as valid.
"Re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; please try and avoid this usage.
The term "fa--ot" when used pejoratively is offensive to many people and so should not be used in a political commentary.
Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Just because someone has a different opinion than you doesn't mean they are less intelligent.
"Re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; please try and avoid this usage.
Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Name calling someone you disagree with is not going to solve anything.
"Re---ds" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; please try and avoid this usage.
Using the "c---(y)" and "c--ts" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Develop software the doesn't allow users to use foul language (cunt)
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing of value to the discussion
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to contribute productively to the discussion.
Please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts.  It contributes nothing of value to the conversation.
Don't allow users to even have the ability to use foul language
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Please refrain from the use of hateful sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to contribute to the conversation in this thread.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I get your point but watch the language.  It's really offensive.
Insults based on race or sexual orientation are not ok
If you are going to join in on a legit conversation you might want to watch your language because it dilutes your arguments.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Insults based on disability are not ok
I get your argument but watch some of the offensive terms a little.  You can still make your points without resorting to vulgarities.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Insults based on gender are not ok
You're certainly entitled to your opinion but please watch the language.  Some of those words are quite offensive.
Just because someone is a different race doesn't mean they are less than you.
Please refrain from using hateful racist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion of this sub.
It's disturbing that it's presented as a funny joke to make racist insults here.
Just because you dislike someone doesn't mean that they deserve death.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this sub.
I think you need to take a deep breath and consider when you started talking to people this way.
Name calling someone you dislike isn't going to solve anything.
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language  in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread.
It must be exhausting to be on the lookout for people to behave this way toward.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Please refrain from using hateful homophobic language as it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
Think about how this girl would feel if she knew that you were talking about her this way.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they deserve to made fun of.
Please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts.  It is not helpful to your argument or productive to the discussion.
There's no need to respond so violently to someone even if they are insulting you.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
n/a
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
n/a
Calling others names is a childish way to describe them.
I don't see how using language like that gets your point across.
There are much better words that can be used to replace the foul language.
This is one of the least intelligent conversations I've ever seen on Reddit.
Using foul language doesnt make your point anymore valid than it would be without it.
Yeah I second User 17. User 20 I'm sure you would not like to go to court for your opinion.
Using foul language and calling others names shows your true character.
Let's not resort to racism here guys. candada is a great place.
Calling someone a foul name speaks volumes about your character.
That's really unkind this guy has a life.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe women.
OK people tone it down.  This is a family website.  Thank you for keeping it clean and G-rated..
I agree that people can act wrong sometimes but it's no reason to use that type of language that's unfair to those demographics of people.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe women and people with intellectual disabilities.
I agree but please there are kids on this site.  Please watch the language.  Thank you.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe women.
Try to keep it family friendly on here please.
I'm sorry your mom went through such a hard time with her husband and gets caught into a stereotype because of it.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe women.
Try to keep it clean on here.  We're a family friendly website and we wish to keep it that way.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe women.
Try to tone down the language please.  There are children present.  Thank you.
I don't think that is necessary!
You do not need to use offensive language to convey your message.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing of value to the conversation
That's a word small minded men say to make themselves feel better.
You don't need to use degrading language.
Please refrain from using sexist language in your post.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread.
That's a word small minded men say to make themselves feel better.
Just because she is a woman doesn't mean you have to use degrading language.
Using hateful misogynistic language is not contributing anything productive or valuable to the conversation.  Please refrain in the future.
You shouldn't be insulting people who have different opinions than you.
The foul language should be replaced with more appropriate words.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value.
There are much better words that can be used to replace the vulgar language.
Delving into ad hominems instead of refuting an argument substantively is the easiest way to show you're losing the discussion. Reel it back
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
The use of foul language and name calling does nothing more than create pointless arguments.
Using "c--ts" malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
We ask that you refrain from hate speech when expressing your opinions. Reddit is for everyone. Thank you.
Using the "c--ts" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Hate speech of any kind is not tolerated on Reddit. We ask that you choose your words more carefully and review our user policies. Ty.
The malevolent hateful and reflexive use of "re---ds" evidenced here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please avoid it.
Reddit is for everyone including those with disabilities. Please review our user policies and consider this a first warning. Thank you.
The malevolent  and reflexive use of "re---ded" here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please avoid it.
Reddit is for everyone. We insist that you not use that term again. This is a first warning. Thank you for your understanding.
The pejorative use of "re---ded" here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please avoid it.
We ask that everyone on Reddit refrain from hate speech and maintain civil discourse. This is a first warning. Thank you for understanding.
I get what you're saying but using that word really hinders your argument.
His logic is misguided if anything but he has a point.
Language that demeans based on disability isn't acceptable
Language that demeans based on disability is not ok
Demeaning someone because of gender isn't ok
Agreed we shouldn't make rash statements about others based on a limited amount of data.
Language that demeans based on disability is not ok
Retardation" as used here offends many and so should be avoided.
Regardless of current words it would be useful for us as a society to tailor our language to better represent all of our members.
Avoid language that imparts agression. Refrain from using language that is dergatory towards certain poopulations (i.e. devlopmental disable
and rampant misogyny
Rather than dwell on outrage energy is better spent understanding why we take issue with these things and how we may improve them.
Refrain from using sexually explicit language
"bi--h
and rampant misogyny
She is unjustified in that behavior but a more level-headed approach to justice will have longer-standing effects.
Avoid using profanity gender-biased terms  and sexually exploitive descriptors.
Avoid intimidating language avoid profane and dergatory terms.  Avoid degrading terms especially when directied at people.
Politics aside remember that they are people beyond their ideologies.
Avoid profane language when referncing individuals.   Look for replacements for profanity and use socially appropriate substitutes.
Hey there racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported. Thx
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Hey there homophobic and derogatory are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Wow. You seem like a very angry individual.
hey there homophobic and derogatory slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank You
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Using a derogatory term to describe people you don't like also makes fun of those with mental disabilities.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Just because someone is not as smart as you does not mean they are less than you.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Just because somebody likes the same sex does not mean they are less than you.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Just because someone has a different belief than you does not mean your opinion is better than theirs.
Ret---ed" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
When expressing your opinion we must insist you not use that term. Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. Thank you in advance.
Hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
Although we understand the self reference out of respect to fellow Redditors we must insist you not use that term in the future. Ty
Hey there racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported. Thx
Hate speech is not tolerated. Your account is suspended. You can appeal this action by emailing a Moderator.
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. Any further usage of said term will result in account suspension. Please review our user policies.
Hi there Sexist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
This thread is closed and your accounts are suspended. You can appeal this action by emailing a Moderator. Thank you have a nice day.
Its inappropriate to use the word 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
Just because someone is a different race than you doesn't mean they are less than you.
Using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Name calling the people you don't like isn't going to help anything.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using a derogatory term to describe someone you dislike isn't going to change anything.
Its inappropriate to use 'beta-faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Using the word 'retardation' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Just because you disagree with someone's beliefs doesn't mean their opinion is less valid than yours.
"Ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
I'd be much more open to discussing this with you if you didn't use that word.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
I'd be inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that slur.
I can't continue this conversation with you if you continue to use offensive words.
Maybe but using "c--t" offends most people communicates only ignorance and so is not welcome here.
I understand your point but I can't agree with you when you use that word.
That's a offensive term
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (idiot) and gender (cunt). Refrain from such words.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (retards) . Refrain from such words.
Please do not stereotype people by age.
Please do not use derogatory phrases to stereotype people.
Its inappropriate to use terms that refer to one's mental disabilities.
Using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care.
Ok this language isn't appropriate. Watch it please.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability or one that demeans a person's race does not promote understanding.
This language is absolutely disgusting. I'm speechless. You need to reevaluate your life choices.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
This whole conversation is ridiculous but please watch your language.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Watch the language please. This is not appropriate.
This language is marginal. You're toeing a line.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Insults based on gender are not ok
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
Insults based on gender or disability are not ok
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value.
Insults based on gender are not ok
Its inappropriate to use the words 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
There's no reason to call people names. They're not harming you in any way.
Insults based on nationality or race are not ok
You probably shouldn't try to combat one kind of hate with another kind of hate.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
I think we're all past using something this hurtful in a serious discussion.
Using a derogatory term against someone you disagree with makes fun of the people with actual mental disabilities.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care.
Please don't share hurtful stereotypes specifically to foment hate against Arabic people.
Judging an entire race or religion on the actions of a few people doesn't make any sense.
Using those kind of words do not contribute to a useful conversation.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to change anything.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they're less intelligent than you.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Using the words 'retarded and idiot' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others because of their gender.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Please refrain from making insensitive comments towards a certain gender.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Please refrain from attacking people regarding sensitive topics such as assault.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
There's no reason to use profanity to attack others.
Please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
I wasn't sure a man could be a feminist until I read an article recently. It seems there's actually a lot of men who agree with the ideas.
When you use that word it invalidates the point you're trying to make.
As a female I also think Kavanaugh was used as a pawn and was never guilty of rape.
Your argument is greatly hindered by the use of that word.
I don't think she was wrong for leaving the note but she could of been a bit nicer about her words.
When you use that word it makes me not want to listen to your perspective.
The more people keep buying into these corporations the more products their going to make. We are actually the problem.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence.
Don't use language that could be offensive to those with inellectual disabilities.
That is a bit extreme. So as a female I can do anything I want except a major crime and not go to jail; not a good idea.
I understand you have a point you want to make but when you use that word it's hard to want to listen.
Generalizing an entire country like that is false and unnecessary. It is also never okay to suggest suicide just because you don't agree
A better response to user 5's verbal attack would have been to simply ignore rather than strike back based on their country of origin.
This post targets a user based on their national origin please do not do this.
Just because you don't agree does not mean that you should call into question someone's intelligence with an ableist slur
Please do not use language that could be offensive to those with inellectual disabilities.
Even if she can't get her projects done
Please refrain from using sexist language in your posts.
Expressing a a thought does not require the use of bigotry to be heard.
Please do not use homophobic and sexist remarks in your posts.
Please don't make abusive remarks to people thanks
Though you may not realize it the word choice you have used is incredibly vulgar and can be offensive to women. Use better words!
Please don't make sexist remarks thanks
This is incredibly offensive to women and your word choice needs to be improved to prevent harm. It hurts more people than you think.
Please don't make abusive remarks thanks
The word choice you are using is very insulting and vulgar especially since it targets women and rights. You need to use better words!
Let's find out what the penalties are for men and women in this situation.
Keep the language civilized and we will all enjoy your contributions to the conversation.
I don't think we know what she actually got.  Did she say she needed help?
Hateful language hurts the discussion...Please try again.
I think there are some things we can agree on let's focus on that.
Please be civilized in the conversation here.
I think not everyone would be interested just because she is a woman.
Keep the language civil to promote a more thoughtful dialogue please.
I don't think that you can make a blanket statement like that what are the examples?
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't solving any problems.
You should really apologize and not act so entitled yourself.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they are worth less than you.
Making fun of someone or using their disability no matter how serious is pretty shallow.
Hi There Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
Name calling someone isn't going to change the situation.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Calling someone names based on their gender is just a reflection of your character which seems to be pretty shallow.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
Hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
start a conversation about why men judge women harder than they would another man
I have no idea why you guys think talking like that helps your case or argument. Stop it.
But that doesn't mean it's the right thing to say. It doesn't take that much extra effort to use less hateful language.
ban users who use hate speech
That term doesn't have a place anywhere. Stop it.
"c--t" and "ret--ded
and the venomous hatred in which they are embedded here
Smell is a perfectly normal body function being offended by it is like being offended that the wind blows!
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Or maybe she was so terrified that she just can't remember.  You weren't there so you can't say what actually happened or not.
Re---d" as used here debases the speaker and may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families .
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
The intellectually delayed have nothing to do with this and there is nothing wrong with wanting fair and equal treatment for everyone!
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
No women will not be silent! Our anatomy proudly queefs in your general direction loudly!
Shitc--t" used here is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
You have no right to be happy over this it is a failure of our justice system for both sides and your impudent rage at her isn't helping.
Dang
There is no reason to use such hate speech. Your post will be reported and if this continues you will be banned.
If you continue to use this kind of speech we will be forced to report and ban you from future use.
You can talk about these people in a better way without that word. Using that word only detracts from your otherwise helpful comment
Your post is meaningless and devoid of any content nor does it even match the OP. Additionally hashtags do nothing on Reddit
Yet again
"Retard" and "retarded" are hateful words that are used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
I can't stop laughing that you are worried. Pretty sure more girls out here looking for a relationship than her. Go look.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt
When in doubt
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman on the basis of her sex in a hateful and bigoted manner.
You must not know the actual definition of feminism.
This is an inappropriate way to share your thoughts. It sounds like you have a disagreement with the media. Could you rephrase your point?
I don't understand why people with disabilities are a part of this conversation.
The truth is the truth.
I understand you are tired of the recent conspiracy-trend; there is at times truth to the concern though. Can you elaborate more?
A lot of your commentary is unnecessary. With that said I would like to hear more about the actual content of your comment.
Why do you feel threatened?
I don't think some of what's being noted here is applicable. Can you elaborate further on your thoughts regarding gender inequality?
This isn't harming you in any way
Do not generalize.
There are a lot of opinions here and a lot of disagreement about certain terminology. Perhaps we could talk more about the need for this?
Using language that offends people through bigotry and gender terms as well as intelligence is useless and does not help.
I would appreciate if you didn't use such hateful speech to express your disagreement
The language is completely inappropriate and should not be used as it attacks women and is distasteful.
Hey I understand your point but it would probably be a bit stronger without the extra insults!
Using language with cuss words offends people and some words can be a direct attack to people with different orientations. Try to avoid it.
I think it would be more helpful if you expressed your counter-argument without hate speech
When one uses language that attacks intelligence that is in the realm of specials needs it is harassment and is not accepted.
I think you could reach your target a little better without the extra insults - if you could clarify what you meant by those.
Racist words are not socially acceptable in society anymore and need to be avoided at all costs.
You are being temporarily suspended. Please review our user policy and code of conduct.
When you use that word it automatically invalidates your point.
I understand that you have a point to make but it's very hard to commiserate with you when you use that word.
Just because you do not like something such as a major doesn't make it right to look down on others.
Persons with disabilities. Reddit is for everyone. Thank you for understanding.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence.
While your feelings are valid we ask that you use less offensive terms out of respect. Your fellow female Redditors thank you.
I'd be more interested in your perspective if you didn't use that word.
*Homophobia has entered the chat*
Name calling speaks volumes about one's character.
I think delusional hotpocket has a tastier meaning.
The fact that you responded in such a way makes me wonder if you and your mom have a good relationship. I think you need a hug.
I agree she is in the wrong but this anti-female slur isn't necessary.
Speaking such foul names about women shows a serious lack of respect.
That is not a very articulate description and is actually highly offensive.
Foul language doesn't make your point of view any more valid.
The post was funny but your hateful comment wasn't necessary.
Name calling does nothing more than start pointless arguments.
This man was clearly disabled and it's so sad this happened to him. I pray he finds real love.
Let's get back to the fact she spit on a cop. I don't care what color or race she is. That is disrespectful and deserves jail.
Hate speech is a reflection of the person it's coming from.
All this for a logo. Come on now let's be adults. If we don't the logo than stay away from their stuff. Don't buy it or buy into the drama.
Please stop this name calling it completely drags down what was an otherwise good discussion.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
I don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation.
Women have often played a huge role in war and using an ableist slur to imply lack of intelligence does nothing to further your argument
I haven\'t seen these lies you are referring to and while that accusation was weird the "r" word is hurtful to use especially in context
Obesity is a serious medical condition and shaming isn't going to help those suffering though gendered insults aren't the proper response
Someone's weight has nothing to do with this. I don't see the connection at all.
Calling someone a name based on their gender is a bit of an odd way to show disdain for their attitude
It wasn't stupid but it did need more relevant content.
I've never heard anyone on the left using SJW like thatusing an ableist slur to imply lack of intelligence is hurtful to people with autism
Interesting I didn't know there was a modern and old school feminist difference.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Don't use a medical condition based insult.
Using a derogatory term to describe someone you don't like puts down those people with actual mental disabilities.
Even if this is a true account one person hurting you does not mean you should hurt them.
This is a damaging view of women that is likely to harm your relationships.
I wish that you would prioritize the rule of law over your ideology.
Poor kid. She is only 17 years old and doesn't know their customs. She will never make it.
I can understand your anger but her actions aren't because of her gender so please don't be insulting in that way.
My ex was a couple inches shorter than me. It isn't a big deal. You get used to it after a while.
While you may be trying to be humorous using those terms they're offensive to one's race and even disabilities.
I have zero gay friends but honestly I want one!  The men have better taste than the female friends I do have!
It's fine to feel secure in your sexual preference and manhood but please don't insult someone because of their sexual preference.
I understand you're position but using these negative terms will not help your cause.
When you refer to feminists with such vile names it only supports their point which I assume isn't your agenda.
Wow that is a little bit pushing it... I mean the kid is going to have a record over spilled milk.
I can see you would like attention and that's fine but maybe try a different way than using a term offensive to women.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Using words insulting people basedon a qulaity they have no control over is an exguahsted insult. It is not helpful to anyone.
Woah! Please be careful in the words that you use - maybe try a less derogatory more universal term instead. Thank!
Name calling someone you dislike isn't going to help anything.
Refering to women using language like that is insulting to half of the human race. Women desvere to be listen to and respected like everyone
Please be careful with the words you use! Your message point can be made using more universal terms. Thanks for understanding!
Just because you dislike something doesn't mean you should make fun of disabled people.
Using words that are used for people with disabilites furthers stigma against poeple with disabilites.It degrades people who deserve respect
These types of words are considered derogatory and offensive. Please refrain from their use and instead use more universal terms!
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
Using words that are used to degrade people with disablilites is ignorant and no need for your argument. It takes away from the argument.
Please be careful in the words you use! Instead we can use more universal names to make our points. Thanks for understanding!
That's a real kick out of making other people feel miserable.
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
This language is hurtful to women and could be expressed in a much better way.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
This language is unnecessary and hurtful to women.
There's no reason to call people names. They're not harming you in any way.
That particular term is offensive to people with intellectual disabilities and their families.
Please don't use ableist words to describe a person.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
This subReddit is being immediately closed. Please review the code of conduct and consider yourselves warned. Thank you.
You are being banned from this thread. We appreciate you making more respectful choices in the future. Thank you
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care.
Persons with disabilities from now on please we appreciate your cooperation.
Just because you don't like something doesn't mean that its not important to someone else.
Imagine what we could do together to advance humanity rather than sitting behind screens name calling. Please rise above this.
Name calling people you disagree with isn't going to change anything.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Gay people are very intellectual and excel in whatever they do. Im not sure that is what u mean to imply with thatcomment. Please try again
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Using the words 'cunt and slut' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Its inappropriate to use the word 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
Using the words 'cunt and twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
That's a pretty sorry response.  I can't even focus on your point because of the offensive language.
I think your argument makes sense but your point is getting diluted by the harsh language.  I'd back off it a bit.
I don't necessarily agree with what she was doing either but by using those abrasive words you are weakening your points.
I appreciate the explanation of the terms but maybe we can have a civilized conversation without the slang jargon.
I think your point is valid but I'd watch some of the derogatory terms because it detracts from your argument.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
I agree with you to a point but it's rather offensive to call others that word. It's ok to feel strongly about something but using slangisnt
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion or your argument.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this.
Hey can you refrain from saying that word it's not necessary and kind of offends me.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
I get that you have strong feelings for her I've went through something similar with my girl but try to calm down a bit and think over thing
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Hey now try to calm down. Let's take this to the police and let them handle it.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.   It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this subreddit.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Please avoid using language that may offend or marginalise the mentally ill or any other minority groups.
Using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Please avoid using language that may offend or marginalize any minority groups such as lesbians in this case.
Its inappropriate to use 'dyke-n-hiemer' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Please avoid using language that may offend or marginalise the mentally ill.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Hi not to call you out as much as just note language - it is way classier to be able to throw insults without slurs - and hits harder.
You could just say 'grow up to act spoiled and entitled
I don't understand why you gotta use slurs to talk about your disdain for this woman. She's already in the wrong.
Using language like that speaks volumes about one's character.
Try to rephrase your words. When you denigrate those with disabilities you are immediately less trustworthy.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Try not to put down those with disabilities. You will be taken much more seriously.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care.
When you use that term your argument becomes null and void.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
Using foul language doesn't make your point any more valid.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
I am pretty sure using that term doesn't help your argument.
Its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Yeah that term doesn't really add anything to this so there's no point in using it.
Its inappropriate to use the word 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
While I can agree with the sentiment
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Hi There please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
Using "Ret--ds" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Hi There Please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
Hate-fueled words like "c--t" and "ret--d" are offensive bigoted and should not be used in political discourse here.
Using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
"Ret---ation" and "ret--ded" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families please avoid these terms.
Its inappropriate to use 'dyke' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Pejorative use of the word "dyke" can cause offence and detract from any point being made.
Please don't use words that are counterproductive and deleterious to others.
Stop using that vulgar term when talking about females and do not use hateful terms regarding sexual orientation.
When you use words like those it reflects poorly on your character.
Please do not use hateful terms regarding sexual orientation on this feed.
When you use a word like that it immediately invalidates your argument.
Please do not refer to women to that vulgar term and do not use that racist term regarding someones religion.
I'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word.
Do not use someones gender identity as an insult to others.
It's a shame you use a word like that as it makes it hard to listen to your point of view.
Hey I think you should watch your language...I'm sure the woman is extremely nice and a kind soul!
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It doesn't aid your argument or add anything of value to the thread
There's plenty of ways to express yourself without profanity.
While false accusations are serious we should try to sympathize with those who ARE telling the truth. Hear their side of the story.
Using hateful sexist language isn't adding anything productive to the thread.  Please refrain from doing so in the future.
Hello! Just a friendly reminder that your words are offensive. There are so many reasons not to use the "R" or "C" words!
Please refrain from using ableist or sexist language in your posts.  It is not contributing anything productive to the conversation.
That word needs to be abolished from your vocabulary
This word is the ultimate insult and used to belittle others. I encourage you to look up the word's history. The results may surprise you.
It's difficult to understand your perspective when you use that word.
Totally unnecessary to use hateful language about disabled people to express your opinion.
Your point would be received better if you didn't use that slur.
It was unnecessary to use hateful language for women in your response.
I'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word.
No reason to use hateful language about disabled people to disagree with previous user.
Its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Remove message and warn the poster of inappropriate conversation.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to help your argument or add to the discussion
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It does nothing to add to the discussion in this thread.
You don't need to call them names or vulgar language to make your point. The validity of your post just dropped.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread.
The way you talk about women makes anything you say afterward get ignored.
Name calling someone with a different opinion than you isn't going to solve any problems.
It's considered hostile to reduce a person to a part of the body.
Just because someone is a different race than you doesn't mean they are less than you.
That term reminds of the centuries America wasn't so great.
Just because someone is not as smart as you doesn't mean they are less than you.
Just because someone has a different opinion than you does not mean they are stupid.
A sign of strength is the ability to not attack people who disagree with you.
Using the "c---" term malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
"Re---ded" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and so is best avoided.
I understand both sides here but watch some of the terms associated with the mentally challenged.  They are quite offensive.
"Re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and so is best avoided.
Your argument would be better received if you didn't use that word.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
I don\'t feel like the "inbred" and ableist slur comment was really necessary and it doesn\'t add any value to the discussion
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Minus tolerance and acceptance that's inaccurate. Homophobic language was unnecessary especially in defense of LGBT people
I want to have this conversation with you
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
People mislabeling other people is not cause to use a word that is harmful to those with a mental condition regardless of how you feel
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
Disagreeing with someone else is not cause to call them a name that people with mental conditions have ask people to not use
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Hi There Please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Hi There Please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
When you use that word it makes your argument unreadable.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread.
It's very hard to understand your perspective when you use that kind of language.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread.
When you use those kinds of words it reflects poorly on your character.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything of value to your argument or the conversation
It's hard to take your argument seriously when you use that slur.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this sub.
hey guys i know the 'r' word just gets used as a catch all so maybe we could watch out for that.
Suggesting someone is fat or gay is disgraceful you guys should spread more love than hate. Spreading positivity will come back to you.
there are a lot of correct words you guys can use to make the same points.
Feminist have a right to spread their views on matters. They are doing so in a positive manner you are spreading hate. Spread love User 1.
i cant take that argument seriously until you stop lumping all women together with those terms.
Although it has been proven some women have falsely accused men of rape it should be known rape is real. Be respectful towards those women.
a million words you could have picked  yet you decide not to think. i just dont know what that means.
Even though you are expressing your views you should never call anyone the c word. This is real life for these people be respectful.
could you use your real thought here. you have insulted a man with a ladies slur that lumps all women together. i just dont understand.
Ah
I completely understand your frustration but naming call doesn't get us anywhere.
Do not use hateful terms regarding someones sexuality to insults others.
Stop using a mental disability as an insult to other posters
We can disagree without being insulting.  If you don't like his opinion
I am just as shocked as you. I agree completely but i wished you could have said that differently.
Refrain from using hateful sexual orientation terms to be rude.
I hear you but not all women are like that. Thank you for your input but your're better than to use words like that.
Do not use that sexually vulgar term when talking about genders.
Do not use those vulgar words and hurtful terms regarding disability when responding to others.
When you use that word it's really hard to take your perspective seriously.
When you use that word it immediately invalidates your point.
It's very difficult for me to discuss this further with you when you use that slur.
When you use that word it automatically invalidates your argument.
I don't even know what that string of hate means
We don't tolerate misogynistic or homophobic language here.
That isn't respectful to say of a woman. Perhaps comment on her crime and educated us instead.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean you should use a derogatory term against them.
There is nothing wrong with a kid trying to take apart a clock and reassemble it. That is what I used to do with my toys as a kid.
Using a derogatory term against someone you disagree with is putting down people with mental disabilities.
I love pumpkin spice and so does my husband. I assure you this has nothing to do with our sexual preferences.
used pejoratively
That word really refers to a female dog. So calling a woman such a name is beyond degrading and we deserve more respect.
Name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" (or "cnt") to demean this woman specifically on the basis of her sex in a hateful manner.
Please eliminate the hurtful language and use words that aren't so offensive.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Please remove the attacks on people who have intellectual disabilities and just state your concerns.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman specifically on the basis of her sex in a hateful manner.
Please take care in the words you use as these comments are very harmful to others.
I don't see any reason to attack others based on their gender and beliefs.
This word is holding our society back from taking the next intelligent leap.  Please find and use another word.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to target others because of their gender.
I can't explain how badly I wish everyone would stop using this word.  It is harmful and hateful.  We should try harder.
I don't see any reason to attack immigrants and use profanity.
I'm not sure who you are referring to with this intellectual verbiage but please try to find a better less shockingly horrible word.
Please don't use insulting words to attack people of a certain race.
I feel like you probably know this already because you are a human being but please refrain from this verbiage.
Using sexist insults in your posts doesn't add anything to your argument or the substance of the conversation.  Please refrain in the future
Language that offends someones sex or gender is not allowed.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
Language that offends someones sex is not allowed.
Please refrain from including hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything productive to the conversation
Name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Language that offends someones sex or gender is not allowed.
Using hateful sexist language in your posts doesn't aid your argument or add to the conversation.  Please refrain in the future.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to help anything.
Language that offends someones sex or gender is not allowed.
Please refrain from including hateful ableist language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything productive to the sub's conversation.
Just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they are less than you.
Language that offends someones physical or mental disability is not allowed.
Your vocabulary is so limited. Don't you know any other words?
If you don't like the way she looks then don't look it's simple. We all have a right to look how we want to; purple green or blonde hair.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
I'm sorry you feel that way about freely expressing their rights to choose.  I hope you can be at peace one day.
I may not agree with certain agendas either but they do have a right to expression and free speech. Don't entertain it if it bothers you.
I get you're trying to stand up for people
Anyone lying about rape should be arrested. Each case should be treated uniquely and punishment accordingly.
What we did years ago as jokes isn't acceptable anymore. Older generations have a hard time accepting this.
Using retarded to describe someone as inferior is hate speech do not use it here.
Using cunt as an insult is hate speech. Do not use it here.
Language that insults based on gender is not acceptable
Language that demeans someone because of their race isn't ok
Language that insults based on gender is not ok
Language that demeans based on gender isn't ok
@User 2. There is no reason for name calling here. Let's keep this conversation civil.
You shouldn't be insulting people who have different opinions than you.
Namecalling isn't the best way to dispute opposing opinions. While the violent response is unfortunate the alternative is moreso.
Rape is about control and dominance over another person and besides everyone has different tastes. There's no reason to be nasty about it.
These people have went though some horrible things. You shouldn't insult them.
If you hate to demean real rape victims then perhaps insulting those who may have been raped is a poor route to take.
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
"Raging faggot" really has no meaning relevant to your comment unless you are intending to be homophobic. Precise verbage = better here.
Frankly I don't like your tone
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It is adding nothing of value to the conversation.
I'm sure there are other more articulate words you could have chosen.
While true such language is not tolerated on Reddit. We insist that you refrain from it's usage. Thank you for your understanding.
How would you feel if someone called you that word?
We insist that you respect your fellow Redditors with mental and or physical abilities and avoid such language in the future. Thank you.
Using this language makes people feel badly. There are ways you can rephrase this speech to communicate your point without being offensive.
That word isn't funny
Not to rain on your parade but per our user policies we must insist that you refer to Peter Griffin as having mental disabilities. Thank you
How would you feel if someone used that word to describe you? Try to use language that does not offend others.
Reddit is for everyone. Hate speech is not tolerated. You have been permanently banned.
We ask that you respect your fellow Redditors with disabilities when commenting. Consider this a first warning. Thank you.
There's nothing stupid about wanting to be portrayed accurately in media.
Reddit does not tolerate  hate speech. Your accounts are suspended. You can appeal this action by emailing a Moderator. Ty have a nice day.
Perhaps you should consider that these women are working as nurses because they're good at their job.
We ask that you refrain from such offensive langue or be guilty of double standards and hypocrisy. If you want respect give respect. Ty
You have many labels for those you dislike help me understand what they mean.
This discussion has veered into dangerous territory. This reddit has been permanently close. Refrain from such language in the future. Ty
Please express your understandable ire with more appropriate language out of respect for our female Redditors.
Yet using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided so there\'s that.
Avoid using sexually inappropriate words in your posts
Why not educate someone who doesn't understand? Making them feel bad about not understanding is unlikely to better the situation.
"Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
A persons disability should not be used as an insult
Even if most don't agree with them
Using the term "c--t(y)" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
Do not use that crude sexual term in your post
"Re---d" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
Stop using a mental disability as an insult
IQ is not the ultimate measure of intelligence and even if someone is less intelligent
Please do not use derogatory language against a national origin.
Just because someone is different than you doesn't mean they deserve to be treated badly.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe ethnicity or poverty.
Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they deserve to be treated badly.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe intellectual disabilities.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe women.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Using a derogatory term to describe something you dislike puts down those with actual mental disabilities.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe intellectual disabilities.
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
Bisexuals are who they say they are and yes I've seen older bisexuals. Also bi people aren't just women so generalizing is inaccurate
Using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation.
Name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Using the right words to talk about people is important and using gendered insults to disagree is disrespectful
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they deserve to be called names.
I don't understand what you are trying to say beyond name calling
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care.
Just because someone is a different race doesn't mean they are less than you.
It\'s odd to call someone a white supremacist and then use the "n" word in the same sentence anything else would be more appropriate
Discussing the term "wetback" is different from calling someone one. Try to avoid that.
I don't see any reason to attack immigrants and use profanity.
Using  'retarded and idiot' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
You shouldn't be bringing up sensitive topics. People have went through these kinds of things. To take them lightly is not acceptable.
You shouldn't be bringing up sensitive topics that don't relate to the topic. These things shouldn't be taken lightly.
Using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Please don't use ableist words to describe people.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are a bad person.
Stop using gender based insults.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Stop using gender based insults.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement
While we understand you were referring to yourself we ask that you avoid that term in the future out of respect for fellow Redditors. Ty.
Please do not use that term regarding a mental disability.
As a woman
We ask that you refrain from sexist hate speech. Reddit is for everyone. Please review our user policies. This is a first warning. Thank you
Please avoid using insulting terms when regarding a woman's gender.
This seems mostly like joking around
We ask that you take care with your terminology in the future out of respect for your fellow Redditors. Thank you for your understanding.
Please do not use someones sexual orientation as a term of hate
Using the phrase "c--ts...rot in hell" and sequelae conveys hatred and misogyny: it is not permitted here.
Both hateful misogyny and the use of the "c--t" term are bigoted speech and not permitted here.
Using the term "c---" reflexively thoughtlessly and pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided here.
Refrain from hate speech and such language or we will be forced to ban you. Thank you.
Regardless of stance hate speech and derogatory terms are in conflict with our code of conduct. This is your first warning. Thank you.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their race and using profanity.
When you use a word like that it makes it hard for me to find your point of view interesting.
Please refrain from making insensitive comments and using profanity.
Please refrain from attacking people regarding sensitive topics such as assault.
It's hard to understand your point of view when you use word like those.
You can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others.
I'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use those types of slurs.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their race.
It really hurts your argument when you use a word like that.
It seems like a waste of your time to go out of your way to make people upset.
Re---d" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
I don't understand why you are taking focus away from the child who was hurt.
Introducing words like this is doing nothing to help the conversation.
You using a person's race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
I would like to ask you to refrain from using that in the future. We are all trying to be positive here and lift each other up.
Please do not use racist words thank you
Please do not use offensive remarks thanks.
Please don't make offensive remarks in you comments thank you
There are much better words that can be used to replace the foul language.
The term you have used can be seen as very offensive to others even if you didn't realize it. You need to be more careful with your words!
Using harsh language and name calling leads to pointless arguments.
I understand you are expressing anger but the term you have used is very offensive towards the disabled community. Be more careful.
Foul language should be replaced with more appropriate words.
The terms you have used are offensive and disrespectful to the LGBT community. You need to be more careful with your choice of words!
The term you have used is disrespectful and offensive to the disabled community! You need to be more careful with your choice of words.
Speaking down on someone speaks volumes about one's character.
The terms used are offensive towards other women who are not a part of this conversation. You need to use safer word choices!
Wow! there is no place for that type of vulgar language on this feed. Do not put down another person culture.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your intellect.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Please do not use that sexually vulgar term when talking about the female sex.
Your argument would be more effective if you didn't use that slur.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Do not use a mental disability as an insult to others.
When you use a word like that it makes me not want to continue listening to your perspective.
Do not reply if you cannot avoid using that sexually vulgar term on this feed.
Those words essentially make your argument invalid.
Please do not use a hateful term regarding a persons sexual orientation and use that vulgar sexual term.
It's hard to take your argument seriously when you use those sorts of slurs.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
The word loses its shock by the third time.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment
This word is hurtful to people with mental and intellectual disabilities.
E doesn't intrinsically denote any gender. Before you comment on another language learn a little more about it.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
That word is hurtful to female-identifying individuals.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
The r-word is out of date and intentionally hurtful to specific groups of people.
Repeated reflexive and knee-jerk use of  variants of "ret--d" as a pejorative are hateful and offend the mentally disabled.
She is actually very talented and it's uncalled for to call her something so mean.
You might not be aware but this term is viewed as offensive to others especially women. There are different words you can use. Be careful!
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
You are being very offensive to the LGBT+ community and need to be more careful with your words. These words can be very harmful to others.
Both the reflexive use of the work "f-g" and its variants and such hateful and venomous targeting of the gay community are forbidden here.
You may not have meant it in this way but the term you used can be offensive to others such as women. Be more careful with your words!
Calling anyone a "stupid tw-t" is hateful infantile and forbidden in this forum.
I don't think your mothers would appreciate you speaking like that.
The terms you have used here are not necessary and very offensive to other communities such as the disabled. You need to use better words.
Using such terms as "autistic" and "ret--d(ed)" offends the mentally disabled and their families and so must be avoided here.
There's no reason to call people names. They're not harming you in any way.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Maybe try atchually using the PC word for it.
Name calling the people you dislike isn't going to solve any problems.
Can just call her a dumb lady
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Offensive terms for females are not permitted
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
Derogatory slang term for females is not permitted
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts?  It adds nothing valuable to the discussion.
Threats of violence and derogatory terms for females are not permitted
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing of value to your argument or the conversation.
Native American terms used improperly and remarks about mental disabilities are not permitted
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
Sexist remarks and derogatory terms for mentally disabled and females are not permitted
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread.
Perhaps we don't know the whole situation
Language that demeans someone based on their gender isn't ok.
Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
People are entitled to their own opinions. If someone likes or wants to support the company let them. Go vote with your money elsewhere.
Insulting someone based on a disability is not ok
Next time maybe use astricks instead of the full word since it can be hurtful to a lot of people. Or just don't use it at all.
Insulting someone because of their race or gender is no way to treat a person.
Your account has been suspended. You can appeal this ban by emailing a Moderator. Please review our user policies. Thank you.
That's a lot of hate all at once. I feel like when someone calls out something racist you should listen to what they have to say
Women still face way more work discrimination. There's no need to get mad just because they want to be equals in the workforce
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
We insist that out of respect for your fellow Redditors you refrain from such terms in the future. Thank you in advance for your cooperation
Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Such language is not tolerated on Reddit. Reddit is for everyone. Please review our user policies. This is a first warning. Thank you.
Ableist insults like that only promote discrimination and stigmatization against people with mental health concerns/conditions
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Reddit is for everyone including those with physical and or mental disabilities. Please review our user policies. Thank you in advance.
While your feelings are valid using ableist slurs to refer to someone's intelligence is detrimental.
Wow. You seem like a very angry individual.
Use of a word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities distracts from the meaning of an argument.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
I don't believe hate of all women is warranted in this situation.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
A word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities is not useful when trying to add meaning.
Confusing deranged or nonsensical are words that are less emotionally charged with hate than the word that you used to described leftists.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
I don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this and her point still standers no matter how dismissive you pretend to be.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Wow. You seem like a very angry individual.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
It's fine if we have different opinions but there's no need to attack.
Racism and sexism go both ways. The better method of combatting privilege is to educate the future not destroy it.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
There's no need to use that language if you disagree. That can be offensive and I would appreciate just leaving it.
Her bellicosity is a result of more than her genetics. Initiating violence would only justify her to those around her.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman specifically on the basis of her sex in a hateful manner.
I get that you're upset but please remember that that's not a good word to call anyone.
It's difficult to taut your maturity so soon after resorting to namecalling. The most effective means of disputing something is with reason.
"Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Language that demeans based on disability or sexual orientation is not ok
Whats the point of the hateful language directed at unrelated irrelevant topics? I can't imagine it serves you an actual purpose.
Language that demeans based on disability or sexual orientation is not ok
Insults based on gender are not ok
A brand name is supposed to draw customers in not automatically eliminate an entire market based on solely it's name.
Insults based on race or nationality are not ok
Insults based on disability are not ok
Retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Agreed. Not a great way to make your case.
Looks like you need to do some fact checking before tossing your opinion in the ring. Language is inexcusable in this context.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
All this is so unnecessary. All of you should leave. Take your quarrel somewhere else.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using name calling and foul language speaks volumes about your character.
Name calling isn't an effective way to describe someone's personality.
Name calling speaks volumes about your character.
Using a vulgar term like that shows a serious lack of respect.
Please don't use that word. It's okay if we don't agree on things but I do wish you would leave it at that.
"Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
Funny that you seem to have been offended so you then choose to use an offensive term to show that youre offended
I understand your frustration
Regardless of intent the blas way that you use autism in a negative way here is hurtful towards people who actually have autism.
We get it. You don't like SJWs. No reason to offend homosexuals in the process.
Please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts.  It adds nothing of substance to the conversation in this thread.
Woah! Please do not use hateful terms regarding someones sexuality.
I understand your frustration but the C word is highly offensive to women and you'd get your point across better without it.
Please refrain from the use of hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It is adding nothing of substance to the conversation here.
Wow. There is no place for that term here when referring to women.
Please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything productive to the conversation.
Woah avoid using those hateful and sexually crass terms when posting on the feed.
Sounds like a real asshole but you shouldn't use a word that's so offensive to women to express that.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread.
Withdraw from using those hurtful terms when talking about individuals and their actions
"Ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
"Re---d" as used here debases the speaker and may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families .
Using "c--t" debasively is hateful and is not to to used in this forum.
Using the word 'cunt or cunty' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using the words 'cunt and bitch' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
If you are really feeling this strongly about someone try and take time to calm down before you post. There is no reason to be rude.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their sexual orientation (incel) and gender (cunt). dont us such words.
If this is a joke it was not funny. You can make a joke without having to use harsh language.
You're account is suspended. Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. You can appeal this ban by emailing a Moderator. Thank you.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
If you are making a joke there are better funnier ways to do that without having to resort to hate speech. It only detracts from your post.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their sexual preferences (incel and faggot) and gender (cunt).
Do not discuss hate speech by using hate speech there are ways to avoid this. Name calling also does not add to the conversation.
Using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
A different word would describe the person and situation better without detracting from your post and its meaning.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
You can use a word that is more descriptive that dds to your post without having to use hate speech.
When you use words like those it's very hard to engage in a discussion with you.
Misogynist is new to me but I really like how you said your gf helped you. We want to help the men in our lives and grow as a couple.
When talking about others and their beliefs and quoting them be the bigger person. Do not use the same language as them.
I don't agree that the man should pay for the child. Only the biological parent should ever be legally responsible.
If you feel this way you can find a better way to express it. Also try thinking about why you feel this way.
I'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that word.
You may find it funny but not every southern person does. So they should try to be considerate of all people.
That is a bit extreme. I would just get up and go on the couch or tell him to. We may not know the whole story.
If you feel this strongly about someone try explaining and thinking about why. There are also more descriptive less harsh words to use.
I am glad to hear the New York Times is getting into this and asking feminist the right questions. Maybe we can hear them out.
If you really like this artist then there is no reason to be so brash. You can describe what you dislike better.
Please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities.
Please do not use derogatory language for women.
name calling isn't helping your argument especially when in doing so you do the very thing you claim others do
Asexuality only affects those who are asexual. Politics have no place in sexual preference and they are human all the same.
Please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities.
People wander from their original point when nervous or anxious in speeches. Even Jeff Dunham has done so while on stage and he's a pro.
Please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities.
Speaking like this is ridiculous. Both genders have issues. All people have issues.
I'm not sure how any of you think this was not offensive. Of course he got down voted he's generalizing an entire group of women.
That lady is entitled to her opinion but she should realize it's important to stop undermining the importance of those murals.
Obviously she was newsworthy but if you disagree with her that doesn't give you the right to talk about her like that have some civility.
It's just the internet guys...
Hey while the facts are clear have some respect and act like adults. Treat each other like humans not as some computer screens.
Hi There Please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
i think kindly on your attitude towards other cultures but then you toss out the 'r' word. think! i can tell you are trying.
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Hi There Please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
cmon man you dont have to offend a whole gender to use one word about a person who isnt real. lol.
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and offensive. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
you guys should use a real word or actually say something relevant.
Hi There Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
you guys are still early in two centuries ago. no one will even listen to that argument.
Mocking someone because of a disablity is not acceptable.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Languiage that disparages based on sexual orientation isn't acceptable
Its inappropriate to use 'faggots' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Demeaning someone based on their gender isn't ok
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Mocking someone with a disability isn't ok
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing productive to the conversation in this thread.
Try to see things from their perspective.  It's hard to live in a society that doesn't accept you.
"Retardation" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Using hateful ableist language in your posts contributes nothing productive to this thread.  Please refrain from doing so in the future.
Retardation" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Using hateful ableist language in your posts adds nothing of value to your argument or the conversation.  Please refrain in the future.
It's against terms of service to use words like that.  Please tone it down
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion of the sub
"Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
I get that he came at you pretty hard but watch the wording.  You're dropping to their level.
I get the points both of you are making but your foul language and racist comments draw attention from your arguments.
"Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others because of their gender.
Insults based on disability are not ok
There's no reason to call people names. They're not harming you in any way.
Insults based on gender are not ok
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Insults based on gender are not ok
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Insults based on disability are not ok
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Your comment has nothing to do with OP's original comment - relevancy please.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I'd like to know what she said in court too but that dones't justify your use of name calling. It reduces interest in your comments.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
started out really well.
Dude calm down. Women are not divided solitarily into those two categories alone. That's as unfair and as biased as the original post.
Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. We ask that you refrain from it's use in order to prevent account suspensions. Thank you in advance.
Wow any one that is saying vile comments towards any person for race sexual preference etc is in the wrong.
Use of said term will not be tolerated on Reddit. Reddit is for everyone. We ask that you review our user policies. Thank you.
I can see your point that it's not smart to share personal info but the offensive name isn't really necessary to make your point.
Let's try to find another way to express ourselves without a derogatory term.
Such language is not tolerated on Reddit. Please find a different term or we will be forced to take further action.
I understand why this is frustrating but I'm sure you could come up with another way of expressing this without namecalling.
Reddit is for everyone including those with physical and mental disabilities. We insist you refrain from such terms in the future.
For people that are mentally challenged something they can't help that's hurtful to speak of them in that term.
Please don\'t use the term "retard
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
Name calling is not an effective way to get your point across.
I can see that you're trying to combat this rhetoric but I wish you wouldn't use this language to do it.
I don't think that using words which a derogatory to one's gender identity belong in meaningful conversation.
Your bigotry isn't advance the conversation at all.
I'm not sure why you would use these identities as an insult.
I don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation.
You shouldn't use such offensive terms if your goal is to engage in an actual discussion on this topic.
This has nothing to do with people who have disabilities.
Please don't make offensive remarks thanks.
Using the word "retard" to describe someone is offensive to people with mental disabilities
You're making a joke about rape which is a very serious traumatic even that can happen to a person and you should have more empathy
Please do not use offensive language towards people thank you.
Retard is an offensive term for people with intellectual disabilities and you should have more empathy
There's no need to call her those names. The court hasn't ruled her guilty or innocent so it is not our place to assign blame.
That isn't a very positive response... She is very wrong and I doubt she has a heart at all but I don't see how the system failed.
Women are just as valuable members of society as men.
I am shocked that throwing acid on someone wasn't considered a violent offense which requires the min of 3/4 of a sentence be served.
No allegations can be called that; all are valid if made with evidence to back them up. There is no need for blanket statements.
This is wrong and I'm a female. Everyone gets paid the same based off their performance which is determined by customers.
Other's sexual orientations are not yours to judge. Just because you disapprove does not make it wrong.
BrokeBack Mountain was the first film I saw that truly showed a relationship between two men that I understood.
I understand you're expressing anger
There is no need to be so rude to someone you do not even know; you have no reason to talk about her as such.
Wow 229k followers is a lot so I guess someone likes her.
Please refrain from hateful name-calling and default to a more universally accepted term! Thank you for understanding.
The butt grapper should be chraged as well
Pease take caution in the types of words you use! These can be seen as derogatory and offensive to others. Thanks for understanding!
I would be trying to make money on all those clicks from your posted links
This word is historically considered derogatory and offensive. Please refrain from its use and instead use more universally accepted words!
Woah please be careful in the words you use! These types of words are historically considered offensive and derogatory.
Just because someone has a different opinion than you doesn't mean they are less intelligent.
Using the word 'retardatio' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
Using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Hey there Please refrain from using derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thank you
Hey there racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported. Thx
Name calling the person you dislike isn't going to solve anything.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Hi there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Using the word 'retardation' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Dreads are kind of cool I agree. But not on everyone. There is no facts that dreads equal a criminal either.
Although I agree with how you are defending African Americans I do not agree with how you are using the word retarded. Be kind.
Using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I really don't know what Boob Physics is but it sounds like they want to tone down women in gaming. I say leave it alone.
Social Justice Warriors are expressing their personal views. I notice you are too but being respectful will get you further in life.
Its inappropriate to use faggotry' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Loki is awesome!  Even my daughters think he's amazing!
Its inappropriate to use faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
I am pretty sure it wasn't to ruin your marriage specifically. Try to remain calm it'll all work out.
Using that word is very offensive to the LGBTQ community. I see you are angry but you should express your anger in a more positive way.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Let's watch the language please. This is not necessary.
How do you if he's retarded? Is he slow?
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
That comment was not necessary.
This conversation is getting heated but you need to watch the language please.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
I understand what you're trying to say but please watch your language. This is not appropriate.
A lot of these responses are toeing the line yourself included. Please be careful.
There isn't a need to use derogatory language against gay people.
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
please do not use offensive language
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
please do not use offensive language
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
please do not use offensive language.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
please do not use offensive language
please do not use offensive language
Retarded" (or any derivative) is a hateful word that is used to demean people with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Refrain from language such as "amerifags" and "retarted" in your posts.  It is considered hate speech regardless of the context.
Politics today is the hardest thing to talk about with anyone. I just try to avoid it all together in person that is.
Totally argue with the fact he could of just got her out stop feeding the argument and drove off.
Refrain from using the term "cunts" to refer to women. Many users find this to be offensive regardless of the context.
So disrespectful to attack like that. My parents would of never allowed any of that.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Refrain from using the term "retarded." Many people find it offensive regardless of the context.
This shouldn't even be a topic. You take a woman out on a date one time and that doesn't equal sex. He looks desperate now.
Twitter went in on her hard. I don't agree with her argument but they could ease up a little.
Attacking someone's gender does not further this discussion.
You can make your point without name calling.
Hate speech toward someone's gender really hurts the points you are trying to make.
We dont need to resort to name calling.
This is a discussion that needs to be had. Just without the hate speech towards the disabled.
There are better ways to express yourself than using offensive words.
slurs against the disabled are seriously uncalled for
Lets not use derogatory statements to call something stupid.
That is true. If women keep knocking men than their just refusing the sexism onto men. Which isn't right.
Hate speech towards the disabled does not strengthen your point. In fact it does the opposite.
There are plenty of insults to use without resorting to hate speech.
Attacking someone's sexual preferences is not a way to win an arguement
Just use the term homosexual. It's not highly offensive like what you said.
"Retarded" is antiquated and frowned upon. Don\'t be antiquated and frowned upon
Using that word is simply not necessary.
"Retarded" disparages the differently abled. Don\'t be that guy
The word homosexual is not an insult.
Aren't you just reinforcing the things she said by referring to her in those terms?
There is no reason that you needed to use such an offensive term to get your point across.
Can't take anyone seriously when they think it's okay to use misogynistic slurs.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
I could take your opinion more seriously if you didn't feel the need to use the ableist slur.
Using the term "retar-ed pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
It's hard to take your comment seriously when you feel it's okay to use ableist slurs.
"Retard" as used here offends many and should be avoided.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
I understand what you're saying but the colour of their skin has nothing to do with it.
Stop with the racial bashing.
No need for the racial stereotyping of bigoted comments. Try and make your point in a less offensive way and you'll be taken more seriously
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
Stop bashing peoples' sexual choices.
There is definitely sensationalism over video games. I don't know if date-rape should have a place in this conversation.
Replacing the foul language will get others to want to read your input more.
All I know is if the right is recruiting gamers than the left must be too.
I hear this story a lot on both sides. Good thing you found out now before it was too late and you had kids.
I am not too sure but my son said Gamergate is real and that once you go that way the industry is done.
People will certainly take your point of view into consideration more if you would leave out the foul language.
I agree that a sub on anticensorship should be open to free speech but we also must have limits. Just behave.
Use of the r-word to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of a disability.
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
Refrain from sexually explicit language.  Omit profanity when describing gender specific's.
Use of the c-word to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
Use of the r-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with a disability.
n/a
Note: this word is roundly no longer acceptable in civilized discourse because it is hurtful and offensively denigrates people who are gay.
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
Use of the c-word to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
n/a
This is an offensive term. Please adjust your language.
A term that is meant to be demeaning to women doesn't have to be used to describe what moderators of a website are doing that you dislike.
I understand what you're trying to say but please watch the language.
Putting it like that's just giving them more fuel for their fire.
Hateful words don't add to a discussion and elicit negative emotions.
Watch the language please.
Stop using gender based insults.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Stop using medical conditions as insults.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
It wasn't necissary to use that word
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Using the word "retarded" as an insult is hateful to people with mental delays and should not be used here.
This word is politically incorrect
Using the word retarded as an insult is hate speech and must stop.
This is an offensice term
That term is offensive and doesn't help your argument any
Don't you think that words can carry negative connotation? Freedom of speech doesn't mean speech can't be hateful.
That was an unoriginal and immature response.
Say that to the people who believe in that philosophy.
No need to sound like a twelve year old.
Your point could have been made without the vitriol.
Why should we demonize peoples' political ideals? Healthy debate should be based on the effects of ideals
Your point could have been complete without the addition of the word cunts.
Seems a bit harsh? Maybe an oversight
Using the 'r' word means you're either stuck in the early 2000s or a 12 year old.
Your comment is only trying to rile people up with hate.
Your hateful comments and attitude are exactly what they're against.
Stop bodyshaming and using gender based insults.
That word is really offensive and doesn\'t just mean "stupid" like you assume it does.
Don't use a medical condition as an insult.
That might be how it is in your family but in families with stay at home moms the woman does the majority of unpaid work!
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
This sexist comment is why I left in the first place and will do so again.
Stop with the gender based insults!
I hope you don't teach your daughters to use that hurtful word in school.
Don't use medical conditions as an insult.
You could just say this woman is insecure.. and leave it at that!
The words used here are inappropriate.
Other words you might use would be stupid or dumb. More PC
To be taken seriously try using adult language.
Please be respectful and not use such vile words.
Being derisive to women is not a good thing. Try to be a little more politically correct in your language.
Using those words are offensive and uncalled for.
Generalizing women this way is wrong and an attack. They do not 'need beatings' and this is no way to treat somebody based on their gender.
It is your right to believe women should be held to the same standards but is not right to condone and promote such violence.
There is no reason for you to use that type of offensive language against individuals.
Everyone is entitled to their own opinions but there's no need for you to direct such nastiness to the woman.
Do not post on here if you cannot refrain from using vulgar sexual terms.
Stop using inappropriate sexual language when voicing your opinions.
hey there stop using offensive words based on someones sexual orientation to voice your opinions.
Your argument about these people's behavior is lost when you use diminutive language.
Please try to use language that respects those with different abilities.
Incels lack a romantic partner even though they desire one.   Therefore your labeling them as "rapists and pedofiles" is of poor judgement.
Please try to use language that is respectful towards those with different abilities.
Please try to use language that is respectful towards individuals with different abilities.
Please use language that is respectful of different sexual orientations.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time
Use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is so hurtful and offensive to all women.
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
Even if it feels justified to use the c-word for a person the word itself is hurtful and hateful towards women and not acceptable.
We should treat women with respects. After all men were born from women.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
This comment includes language that is deemed vulgar and offensive and has been flagged.
Using ableist language is not acceptable. If you cannot make your point without it keep your point to yourself.
This comment includes language deemed offensive and vulgar and has been reported to moderator for review.
These comments include language that is offensive and vulgar. The user has been reported for suspension of their account.
No. You cannot use that word. Now that you've received warnings from multiple sources further use will lead to a ban.
This language is offensive and defamatory. User has been reported to moderator and will be booted from further commentary.
There's no need for such sexist language. Further use of hate speech will lead to suspensions or bans.
There are likely more productive ways to get your message across.
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Please try to be respectful of others' sexual orientations.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
You need to find a better way to describe women besides your trivial attempts.
I am confident that you could have expressed yourself there without using such a highly offensive term.
Try to keep your anger down and be civil.
Being angry is fine but try different descriptive words for women.
I truly understand your hatred for your ex-wife but there's still no reason to potentially offend other innocent women with that term.
Do not be so bigoted.
Wow. Very edgy. Being as offensive as possible will never be funny or get your point across effectively.
Other words you might use. Dumb or stupid.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
You should refrain from including the hateful ableist insults in your comments; it adds nothing to your argument or the sub's conversation
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
"Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance.
You aren't helping your argument when you use misogynistic slurs in your comments.  It doesn't add anything productive to the conversation
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Using the terms "c--t" and "tw-t" pejoratively is offensive; their ill-considered use should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
"Ret--d" as used here offends many and should be avoided.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Using that word in a conversation about video games is really jarring and immature.
There is no reason to say this hateful word. It should be exchanged for something else. This will show your point more clearly.
Think of the disabled people that you have known before you use a word like that.
Instead of just name calling actually contribute to the conversation with a thought filled response.
You are knowingly breaking the rules. If you want to stay in the subreddit and be able to add to the conversation then follow the rules.
Hey I can see that you're frustrated but this is a pretty closeminded thing to say.
Your name calling does not add to the conversation and I am confused as to why you are name calling in the first place. Try to be more clear
You using a person's race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
How original an insult... /s
I think adoption is a worthwhile suggestion
Sheesh throwin' women under the bus here...
You apparently can't handle being considered offensive.
You hate LGBT people and women how "tough" of you /s
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
There are more specific terms to define political affiliation that don't attack someone for their beliefs
Political views have nothing to do with being pulled over for speeding.
Offensive language doesn't add to the conversation.
n/a
Your comment violates Reddit hate speech policy defined by a direct attack on people based on protected characteristics.
We all have an opinion and that doesn't mean the other is mentally impaired. I get what you're saying and I agree.
Don't use medical conditions to bash others or pick on other peoples' political choices.
Your comment violates Reddit hate speech policy defined by a direct attack on people based on protected characteristics.
Global warming is overrated but our planet is definitely going through some changes. I think more natural ones though.
Please don't bash people due to their race or gender.
As a woman I can tell you that word is one of the worst things you can call us.
Please don't bash people due to their gender.
Your comment violates Reddit hate speech policy defined by a direct attack on people based on protected characteristics.
We don't need more rights per say. We just want equal rights and equal pay.
Women don't get any special passes but many men do attempt to treat us more delicately because we're not a man.
Watch the language please. This is uncalled for.
If you wanna not look stupid you should not use terms like "aspergers person". Just some advice.
Not sure what's going on but all of you need to watch your language. This is not acceptable.
Call them by any other name and you're fine.
Just because you're an actress doesn't mean your not telling the truth. There's a difference between acting and lying like that.
Watch the language please. This isn't appropriate.
Re--rd" and its variants as used here offend many and should be avoided.
Please take caution in using such words filled with aversion and instead use text that is more acceptable.
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families
The words you say are demonstrating a wounding picture to others so please try more genial communications.
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
That may be an unintelligent thing to do but insulting people based on intelligence is a mean thing to do.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Wow whether you think something is wrong or not doesn't mean you should insult the intellectually disabled.
Stop using medical conditions as insults.
You can disagree with something that is happening whithout calling degatory names. Using that language dismisses a lot of people.
Stop using sexual choices as an insult.
These terms are offensive towards other group.  It's not necessary to use them as an insult on social media.
Using that language is offensive. People who have disablities should be treated equal and not put down.
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
Retard" is a very hurtful derogatory term. It would be better to use "mentally ill".
Please use language that is respectful of different abilities.
Using ableist slurs makes it hard to take you seriously.
Retard" is a hurtful derogatory term. It is an insult to mentally ill people.
Please use language that is respectful of women and different abilities.
Can't take you seriously when you use ableist slurs.
Please use language that is respectful towards different cultures and sexual orientations.
Hard to take you seriously when you use offensive language.
Using the c-word to insult a female is offensive and hurtful.
Ask the person to not refer to feminists in such a negative tone.
Use of hurtful and offensive slurs really downgrades the discussion here and is unacceptable.
Don't refer to the woman with those offensive terms
I get your point
Use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Don't call the judge a retard just because you don't agree with his decision.
Use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Using the term retard in that context is offensive
Trans people make the choice to be who they are. They're still people and deserve to be treated with respect.
Refrain from using abusive and derogatory language.  Remove sexually explicit words
Ret---ed" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
Avoid language that insults those with developmental disabilities
Re---d" as used here offends many and should be avoided.
Refrain from word(s) [retarded]. Explicit profanity against developmentally challenged.
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
I still am confused as to how you're not a man or woman.
The "N word" (even in this use) is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong here.
I don't think anyone should be referred as a white or black person. We are all people period. Stop the racial profiling.
McCaskill is a little too much with the agenda.
There's no need to use that word here you can call them unfunny without being rude.
I am white and I only hear that term used when making fun of someone or trying to be funny within the culture so it depends on content.
There's no need to be so rude she wouldn't comment on your weight so why are you commenting on hers?
I rather tell the driver which way to go sometimes because I might know a faster/cheaper route.
Both those words are offensive and you can vent your frustration at them without being rude.
The whole GamerGate thing is out of hand and needs to be closed out already.
It takes away from your argument when you can't get your point across without swearing.
Please cease the comments that are nasty and hurtful to the innocent.
Please eliminate the speech that is contemptuous and use language that is more hospitable.
"Retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. Don\'t be that guy
You don't need to offend all homosexuals to express the fact you don't like the parties involved. Just an FYI
I can tell that you are passionate about the topic but please convey your thoughts in a way that is not so damaging to others.
A lot of good people had a lot of bad things done to them having to do with that hateful word you're throwing around. it's the 21st century
There are plenty of other words that you could have used to convey that opinion. Slurs won't strengthen your opinion.
Woah man don't cut yourself on that edge.
Using bitch and retarded as insults is hate speech do not use such language here
"Stupid" or its 50 other synonyms could have sufficed here. America can have questionable rules but that doesn\'t mean you need to use slurs
Using retards as an insult is hateful do not do it.
"I don\'t agree with this political group so I\'m gonna use slurs!! That\'ll show them." - you probably. Do us all a favor and grow up.
Even though I might agree with the content in some of the posts
Using "b--ches" to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Using "ret--ds" or "ret---ded" to mean low intelligence may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
I am not sure what the previous post was as it was removed
I think you can come up with a better insult. That word is hurtful to many people.
The use of "ret--ds" to mean low intelligence may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
It's funny because Trump supports authoritarian policies. That said Vagina is not a good insult as women are people.
I still don't fully understand how a lawsuit to help Asian's will also help us.
If the Attorney General says it's fine than it must be.
Speaking of hurtful your comment is extremely so. You post this because you want to be validated but it's unacceptable.
If I find a meme that's hurtful I simply scroll past it or click to not follow that person; simple.
Whether or not OP is unintelligent is irrelevant to the discussion they were trying to provoke.
I cannot understand this argument between anime and fascism.
You're spamming offensive content. There is nothing wrong with being gay and I'm reporting you to the mods.
Serena Williams is beautiful but she has a terrible temper.
Offensive language isn't really adding to the conversation.
Your sentiment is right but this subreddit has strict rules about certain language. Please watch this in the future.
This is inappropriate. Please watch the language.
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
Using ableist slurs don't add anything to the conversation.
Not sure what's going on here but this is toeing a line. Be Careful.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Offensive language isn't making you seem as intelligent as you think you are.
This is all bordering on sexism and is frankly plain ignorant. Please consider using different words.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
This conversation is absurd and borders on hate speech. Let's watch the language please.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
Using language that is violent against people with disabilities makes everything you're saying seem invalid. It makes you seem ignorant.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this.
Stop using medical conditions racism and political propaganda as insults.
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Stop using gender based insults.
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Stop using gender based insults.
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Stop using gender based insults.
Using language that's violent towards people with disabilities just maesk you sound ignorant and makes people distrust your argument.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
There's absolutely no reason to use that word to get your point across. Many females find it highly offensive.
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Offensive language based on disability and race is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
The woman's behavior stands for itself. You don't need to insult a whole gender to express your displeasure.
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Offensive language based on disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Just because you don't like the woman doesn't make it necessary to use such an offensive term. All it does is make you look bad too.
Please refrain from using slurs against the disabled.
"Ret---ed" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Please do not use hate speech against the disabled.
1: Calling her those names doesn't actually show what she did wrong. And using those names undermines your arguments.
The words "bit-h" and "c--t" are offensive unnecessary and should be avoided in this forum.
Hate speech against someone's gender and death threats will not be tolerated.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Slurs against someone's gender or race will not further this conversation and is unacceptable.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Refrain from using hate speech about someone's gender.
Using ableist slurs isn't gonna help you get respect from anyone.
Do not use a mental disability for your own personal insult.
Some people dedicate years of their life to manual labor. They work long days because no one else will and often do overtime.
Do not use that type of offensive sexual language when responding.
Feminism isn't about abandoning anything. It's to get paid equally and respected as a human being rather being seen as a lesser species.
Avoid using hateful terms and sexual terms when responding to others.
Educating is far more effective of a tool than degradation.
Using ableist slurs in an attempt to deflect doesn't really make you seem very level headed.
Please avoid insulting others with terms tat deal with disabilities.
Political party holds no title to be demeaned as they just mean a set of beliefs not facts.Free speech comes at a cost.
"Re---d" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families please try to avoid its use.
You cross over into being a dick when you can't seem to develop a vocabulary beyond a few hateful words.
Please don't use offensive language like this.  We need constructive debates in order to make progress.
Calling your debate opponent autistic or "ret--ded" with no evidence for either is not helping your position.
It's one thing to not agree with a lifestyle
The harmful and offensive language is  completely unnecessary.  If this is how you feel about things then please keep them to yourself
"Ret--ds" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Yes this term is incredibly offensive and has no place being used in this forum.  Keep your negative opinions and attitudes to yourself.
The "N word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
That is just awful. Anyone taking advantage of a bedridden person is just evil. I hope she's in jail.
Using the term "c--t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Racism and sexism are not acceptable on this site. Continue to use such language and receive an IP ban.
"Ret--d(ed)" "c--t" and "b--ch" are all offensive terms of hate; please find a way to express your opinion without them.
If you can't make a point without ableist language then you'll face a suspension. If you then continue to post hate speech you'll be banned
I actually did see this and I don't think any part of the game was racist at all.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it certainly detracts from your message.
Your points fall flat if you need to rely on ableist language to make them. Continued use of such language can lead to a ban.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided because it targets all women.
No matter your reason refrain from using sexist language or face a suspension or possible ban.
I have been hurt by many men in my life
"Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families
There's no excuse for ableist language. Continued use will lead to a suspension.
Using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across.
Using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across.
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this.
Please convey your thoughts in a way that is not disgraceful to others.
Using the word 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally ill
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Using the word 'cunt' as an insult is offensive to women as its a direct attack based on gender
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Your words are quite abrasive so please limit the hurtful comments.
Using the word 'retarded' as an insult is a direct attack to the mentally disabled
Haha I've never seen someone be that vocally afraid of women.
Send out your comments with more congenial expressions please.
Using 'cunt' as an insult is offensive to women since its a direct attack based on gender
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Please communicate your opinions in a manner that is more congenial.
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to women since its a direct attack to the mentally disabled
Sad that you think it's okay to use ableist slurs in an attempt to add to the discussion.
2. inadequate expression: "piss poor retarded attempt
While the legal defense may have been poor bringing the intellectually disabled into this is unwarranted.
Sad that you think it's funny to use misogynistic slurs in an attempt at humor.
2.  " a shit about your mom being dead"\n3.  " sex with the corpse"\n4.  sex his dead mom \n7. "fuck OP"\n8. "fucking cunt"
Your mother would be ashamed of you. Stop using the c word.
1 firecracker\n3 stupid bot\n4 what a cracker\n6 cracker\n7 newmug\n8 retard bot\n9 newmug\n10 cunt
Hey maybe the bot is right. Let's not use slurs.
Can't take you seriously when you use offensive language like that.
2  "only retards believe in"
While astrology may be dubious pseudoscience bringing the intellectually disabled into this is unfair.
The name calling and foul language shows a lack of comprehension of the topic.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Name calling doesn't make any points.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
This foul language shows a lack of intelligence.
You should not use that word to talk about women. It is very offensive
Stop using gender based insults.
It is ok for you to express your opinion but you could do it without using that word to describe this women.
Stop using gender based insults.
Stop using a medical condition to insult others.
I don't know what that word means but I think it's hate speech. Think about how you'd feel if someone called you that.
Think about how you would feel if someone said that to you. Also reported for using hate speech.
Guys people have been killed over this dichotomous us-versus-them discourse before. Let's not use hate speech and treat each other kindly.
Let's just accept that there are extremists on both ends of the spectrum and move on. Attacking them like this only fuels their fire.
Speaking of rape intellectually disabled people are  more likely to experience sexual assault! Their lives are awful let's not insult them
This discourse is great. It's important that we share different opinions but attacking people like this will drop your credibility.
Homeless people are not helpless. Some do have mental illness and we do nothing to help them. Others are lost in a failed system.
Someone needs to learn to hold a conversation without using childish insults.
If you stopped all that negative commenting I might be able to understand the topic of conversation.
I think only a woman is a lesbian but I might be wrong.
It's okay to not want to reproduce with someone you don't find attractive. You cannot prevent someone from finding a more suitable mate.
The use of foul language makes the point that is trying to be made that much harder to understand.
Stop using gender based insults.
Her rack has nothing to do with what happened to her. Objectifying a woman while also insulting her isn't okay.
Talking about women in such a manner shows a serious lack of respect.
Stop using gender based insults.
That word doesn't really apply. You never know who has a kid or a sibling that has had that word thrown at them in the ugliest way.
The use of foul language makes it difficult to see the point that was trying to be made.
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
Stop using medical conditions and political choices as insults.
The concept of a woman raping a man is new to me but I can see how it's possible.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
I wish the USA had $10 daycare when my kids were small!
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
I'm sure Our Lord would agree with the 1st part
Perhaps the airline just didn't know she was a doctor. Wow that is a bit much.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
The whole thing is a mess. I am a white person who likes to write letters and 9/10 times I get what I ask for.
Please refrain from using racist and derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
I'd be more interested in hearing your side of this if you didn't use that word.
A woman should never be refered to with that term no matter what her behavior.
When you use a word like that it reflects poorly on your character.
You should consider burden someone has wtih a metal disability and how difficult it mus be for their loved ones. Also Homophobia is not OK.
It's really hard to want to listen to you when you use words like those.
Would you feel the same way if someone sexually assaulted your mother because a man bought her a drink and felt entitled to ?
Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here.
Please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive
Most people of all races aren't bilingual.
You can't really correct people while being insultive even if they're obviously wrong.
Lets refrain from attacking someones character to get a point across. There are people that find words offensive based on experience
We are all global citizens and we should be mindful of that in the 21st century.
While both parties might be in the wrong hate speech isn't warranted.
Just because you may not like someone you still should not call them derogatory names
I seriously doubt people are actually 'triggered' by winter. Also don't use hate speech towards the intellectually disabled.
Hey guys if we want people to view us as being in the right we shouldn't use hate speech like the r-word.
The 'r' word is incredibly offensive and I think everyone should refrain from using it
Hey let's be kinder to the intellectually disabled and not lump them in with frivolous lawsuit makers.
The 'r' word is really offensive you shouldn't be using it
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
The term "fa--ot" is offensive to many people and so should not be used in a political commentary.
Here
Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
The terms "f--g(ot)" and the "n-word" are offensive to many people and so should not be used in a political commentary.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Stop gender bashing.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
The word 'faggot' needs to reconsidered here
Stop using words to bash sexual choices of others.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Its not right to use the word 'autistic' the way you have
Please stop gender bashing and using serious medical conditions to express yourself.
The R word isn't a joke. All people deserve respect
stop using medical conditions as insults.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
No need to attack women.
Do not use that word.  It is incredibly offensive and has no place in conversations.
Sorry people aren't all the same like you.
You can't define someone by their sexuality as people act out of their perceived norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
People of all kinds have needs. Try to have an open mind.
Everyone deserves to be treated with respect and that's all that the OP is asking for that doesn't mean that he's needy.
Referring to someone as going "full retard" is obscene and offensive. Try to understand why she is the way she is.
Just because someone disagrees with you doesn\'t make them a "garbage human" or a "retard".
Let's try to keep the language civil.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this.
Offensive slurs aren't really part of an intelligent conversation.
Try to use language that doesn't disparage someone.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this. Come on dude.
Can't take anyone seriously when they think it's okay to use ableist slurs.
Wow woman hater...
Nobody's gonna listen to you and take you seriously when you use offensive language like that.
This is clearly a hoax. Secondly don't bring the intellectually disabled into this. And stop using slurs.
"Cu--ts" and "ret---(ed)" are demeaning and offensive and so do not belong in intelligent commentary.
Hey terms like that are ableist. Please be more respectful to mentally ill people and don't use them.
Speaking of getting penalized for verbal abuse I'm reporting you to the mods. Stop using slurs.
I cannot believe you would use such language on a public forum. I am your grandmother and I am horrified.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
You are simultaneously talking down to a person for their rude words
Wow guys let's try respecting women and the intellectually disabled a little more.
"Cu--t(s)" and "ret---ed" are terms of hate and ignorance and have no place in compelling argument
As silly as people sort of panicking about nuking their neighbors is labeling them an offensive term attacking women is not needed.
Using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
C--t(s)" as used here is gratuitous and offensive; it should be avoided.
Those terms are derogatory to black people and women. Now that you are all aware we should learn and move forward from this.
Using the slurs here to insult hurts and demeans alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations
I understand you do not like the videos but words like those are offensive and demeaning to those with disabilities.
Using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations
It would be better to not attack her because she is female. If you disagree with her ideals then debate those not her gender.
Using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations
You mention class but then use an offensive word attacking a woman just because she is female. Follow your own advice it's quite good.
Using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations
I understand you're trying to make a point but please watch the language.
Even if you don't agree with her behavior there is no reason to identify her with a vulgar name.  We can discuss without insults.
I understand the argument you're trying to make but please watch the language.
This is disturbing and inappropriate. This is your first and only warning.
I understand this is frustrating news but please watch your language.
This language is no longer acceptable. Please adjust.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
We should focus on the topic and not attack someone with racially charged language when criticizing their actions
Using "bi--h" "c--t" and the "n word" all reflect both an enormous amount of bottled anger and a high level of insensitivity. Avoid here.
feminists might have another viewpoint and additional concerns but calling them insulting names is not helpful or acceptable for discourse
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is so very offensive that its reflexive and unconsidered use should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
trans people like all people can have opinions that differ from yours and that is ok what is not ok is attacking them for their identity
This use of the "c---" term to refer to another person is gratuitous and offensive; it should be avoided.
While that may be of poor quality using hate speech is unwarranted.
I really want people to stop censoring comics. We grew up with these comics this way so leave them alone.
I doubt they are intellectually disabled but if they were it would not change their value as a human.
They need better cameras on there so that she can get arrested.
Waking up to reality can be hard. Like waking up to the reality that you're a terrible person for using hate speech. I wish you luck with it
I am afraid to ask what this dance is all about.
You're not being the person Jesus thought you could be using the c word like that.
Good luck having that profession and ever being taken serious if that really does happen in the future. Terrible thing to lie about.
To use the word cunt is far too abrasive. If you use this language
Perhaps you should take to heart that people are telling you your actions are hurting them.
"retard" and "cousin fucker" don\'t add to the conversation.'
Why do you have to use such harsh language.  You could be much more civilized and your opinions would be much more coherent.
Even if you are trying to defend other people resorting to this language makes you look bad.
Resorting to base namecalling
Why does everyone have to use such offensive language.  just because someone disagrees with you there is no reason to use that language.
This makes the conversation silly and meanspirited when it could have taken another direction.
Stop using racism and sexual choices as insults.
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
Its kinda like a long running musical its great
Let's maintain maturity and not use words that insult people's sexuality.
Just because someone's name sounds a certain way doesn't mean anything about them that's narrow minded.
Retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. Don\'t be that guy
Hey let's not treat the intellectually disabled like that. How do you think they feel about being used as insults?
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Here's an idea! Why don't you stop calling women derogatory names and let us have our fun without poisoning the discourse?
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
The use of this slur is offensive and hurtful as it denigrates homosexuals.
I am sure some players enjoy this option
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Resisting arrest is never a good option.
Use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women.
I want to engage in this conversation with you but it is hard when you use words like those.
That is just rude. No one's face should be slapped and no one should be called a cunt face.
Retarded is inappropriate way to classify someone's political stance.
It's very hard to understand your point of view when you use that word.
Just because you believe someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they need to be called retarded.
You'd get your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use that word.
Retard is such an offensive word. There are better words to express how you feel about someone without being so offensive.
This is an interesting perspective but it's hard to digest when you use a word like that.
Something you don't agree with does not need to be called retarded. That word is offensive to a lot of people.
I want to engage in this conversation with you but it is hard when you use words like those.
Just because you don\'t care what someone has to say doesn\'t mean you should tell them to "fuck off" and/or call them a cunt.
Disable the chatbox from displaying offensive words.
People have the rights to practice any sexuality they deem fit as far as it isn't harming others. We shouldn't insult them for it.
Have the chatbox type*&^% when offensive words are typed in a comment.
Please don't refer to Asians using outdated and derogatory names.
It is considered rude to use derogatory terms regarding a person's disability.
Don't use medical conditions to bash political choices of others.
There is now reason to ever use a term so offensive to disabled people.
Stop gender bashing and using medical conditions to insult others.
Both of you are acting childish. Your entitled to your own opinions but name calling isn't getting either of you anywhere.
We don't need to use insults at all especially though offensive to the disabled.
Don't use gender bashing or medical conditions to insult others.
The 'r' word is offensive and should not be used to further your argument
Can't take you seriously when you have ableism in your comment.
The 'r' word is very offensive and there are other words you could have used to prove your point
Any intelligent thing you had to say is ruined by the ableist slur you included in your comment.
There are better alternatives to using the 'c' word here
The language in these posts is uncalled for.  You don't even know what this person was dealing with so why immediately resort to insulting.
Stop bashing medical conditions gendernationality political choicesreligious choices and sexual choices!
Please refrain from using stereotypes profanity and derogatory remarks about others' sexuality.
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
Please refrain from using profanity and referring to individuals based on something outside their control.
Please find a way to relay opinions without resorting to profanity or racial stereotype terminology.
Don't insult medical conditions and political choices.
Please refrain from using terminology that is a direct attack on someone's disability.
Please opt for using other words to define stupid or unlogical actions ot prevent association with mental handicaps.
Using foul language doesn't make your point more valid.
Name calling speaks volumes to that persons characteristics.
Gender stereotyping should be avoided as it bears no value to this discussion
All of the name calling and foul language takes away from the point that is trying to be made.
The use of name calling and foul language doesn't make the point more valid.
We should still be mindful of what others might think or feel about the issue
Using yours or others personal experience to define non binary as mentally unstable is probably not accurate. See if there are some studies.
Regardless of what they are using you should not fall to their level and start insulting
Its offensive to use 'dyke' as its a direct attack based on someone's sexual orientation
Using the word 'cunts'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Using the word 'cunts'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Using the word 'ttwat'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Using the term "tw-t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
So people disagreeing with you means they can't function. Gotcha.
Sheesh that took me by surprise. A little aggressive with the insults.
Wow that's aggressive.
Man you seem really angry.
This is incredibly offensive and unacceptable.
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
I would take your post more seriously if you didn't use vulgar terms referring to people who are homosexual.  Being homosexual is not wrong.
Watch the language. This in inappropriate.
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Watch the language. I understand your sentiment but you can avoid that kind of speech.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Let's watch the language. I understand you're quoting an article but you can censor yourselves.
Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
I understand you don't agree with the law
Watch the language please.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Hey let's not use slurs against the intellectually disabled.
Wow you need to do more research before you come on here and spew hatred.
I'm not sure if your post was meant to be hateful or funny but it was offensive.
Wow way to use hate speech against someone you think is wrong. How understanding of you! So kind.
That kind of language shows a lack of character in my opinion.
Let's be kinder to the intellectually disabled
Please don't use the r-word in your posts. Intellectual disabilities are not rare and that word is offensive to families/ friends everywhere
Stop using gender based insults.
It's hard to respect anything you have to say when you use ableist slurs in your arguments.
Stop bashing peoples' sexuality and medical conditions.
Stop using gender based insults.
You may have had a good point but it was ruined by the ableist slur.
Stop using medical conditions as insults.
Avoid using deragatory language when describing people or process'.  Avoid using profanity when describing objects
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Avoid using sexually explicit terms (i.e.  [cunt]   )
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
There's no reason to use that word. It's highly offensive to homosexuals.
Consider using more appropriate terms when describing individuals.  Avoid deragatory terms that are biased towards specific populations
Your post uses speech that denigrates religion and/or sexual orientation in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
Just because you don't agree with the doesn't mean you have to resort to using such derogatory terms.
Avoid using profane language. Omit term [cunt].. Replace deragtory words with socially appropriate terms.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Saying retarded is offensive and ableist.
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
I don't know if a hair cut comment deserves an attack like that.
The word cunt is offensive to women and you should not use it to describe this woman.
n/a
The word retarded is ableist and offensive.
Let's take personal vendettas out of this feed and somewhere more private if we are calling names and arguing back and forth.
Immigrants and muslims are humans and are not threatening your way of life.
Using that kind of language isn't helping anyone and is irrelevant
Everyone is entitled to an opini but please don't display one that attacks another' character there are different ways to get your point ac
People can say things spur of the moment that if they reflected on it more they might not. Case in point: the women above... and us too
Who cares what people do as long as it doesn't affect your life at all
Rise above the hate by using non-hate filled language #stayabove
Let's all have high standards... and try to keep this civil!
Generalizations based on race are never a great idea... let's focus on the players themselves
using that language isn't helping anyone
Please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive
I don't think any of us can speak for all of one gender... Let's try to just speak for ourselves right?
Derogatory terms are unnecessary.  You could have expressed your opinion without name calling and insults
If a woman made most of the money than legally she must pay alimony. It doesn't matter what he spends it on. Law is law.
Demeaning terms meant to insult people with real legitimate disabilities is uncalled for.  That language should never be used.
People can say the same for every party. Some has merit but not everyone is bad.
Your language is completely uncalled for.  Using a derogatory term directed at people with legitimate disabilities is wrong.
Exactly not everyone is bad. We need to stop grouping everyone into one group.
We all need to calm down. Gender equality is long over due but not to the extreme that we get more than men.
Why would you use this demeaning term to express your opinion about someone that you do not even know.  this was uncalled for.
I love Trump too!
Please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language that attacks someone based on their gender.
Talking down on someone and calling them names isn't going to get anyone to listen to your point of view.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult as well as attacking others for their race.
Name calling and using foul language leads to nothing but pointless arguments.
Please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language when speaking about others.
Calling people names and not using much reasoning will not get people to understand your point of view.
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs when commenting.
Calling names and using foul language does not solve the problem.
But it does make you worthy of basic respect.
It doesn't make you special but it does warrant some extra considerations.
You shouldn't call someone white trash by their looks.
Best to avoid racial slurs
Yeah but it's best not to make sweeping generalizations about people. They both might need some help is all.
This concept of "sjw" needs to die. There is no point to a gender/sex war either. We are all humans and should be working together.
Let's not condemn them so harshly for their behavior. They must be super drunk and are not in control.
Let's watch the language a little bit please.
Stop using gender based insults.
Responding in such a dramatic way to a comment is not going to help to leave a positive impression of your group.
Let's avoid this language. I understand your anger but this borders on misogynistic.
stop using gender based insults.
I can see that you've been upset by this crime but you don't need to treat women this way as a group.
This kind of language isn't acceptable anymore.
Stop using medical conditions as insults.
This is a really childish word to use under these circumstances and there was no cause for it.
This kind of language isn't appropriate anymore. Try to be more careful.
Stop using medical conditions as insults.
Please don't speak this way about a dead man or his constituents.
Stop using medical conditions and peoples' political choices as insults.
Thinking of your ideological opponents in this way is going to change your ability to think rationally.
Do not allow offensive words to be typed in the chatbox.
While she may be misappropriating the money you turning female genitalia into a slur is just silly.
Vilifying female genitalia and comparing corporate policy to the holocaust are intellectual cop outs to make your points.
To claim someone has an intellectual disability because you don't agree with their opinion is silly.
You could have expressed your opinion in an intelligent way but you decided not to.
Using ableist slurs doesn't help make your point.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not productive
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Don't use that type of hateful language to insult someone.
Using ableist slurs doesn't help further your point in any way.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care
Using ableist slurs doesn't help further any point you were trying to make.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding
Hard to take you seriously when you think it's okay to use offensive language like that.
Slang terms for female genitalia are not permitted.
It's never a sign of intelligence when someone uses an ableist slur.
Racist and offensive slang terms for people with disabliles are not permitted
Can't take you seriously with your use of misogynistic slurs.
Slang terms for female genitalia are not permitted
Using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Use of the term cunt is offensive and against reddit policy.
Using 'retards' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Use of the word retards is offensive to people with actual mental disabilities and against reddit policy.
Using 'faggots' is offensive and inappropriate because its a direct attack based on one's sexual orientation
Use of the term faggot is offensive and against reddit policy.
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Use of the term retarded is offensive and against reddit policy.
its inappropriate to use words such as fag and dyke as they directly attack people based on their sexual orientation
Fag and dyke are offensive and against reddit policy.
This type of language isn't acceptable.  If you don't have anything constructive to say
You using a person's race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings
This is an extremely derogatory term.  Even though it wasn't specifically directed at someone in particular
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Utilizing that term is extremely demeaning to gay people.  It is a hurtful word that shouldn't be used in this context.
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
racist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Don't use such words
Please eliminate the speech that is offensive to those with intellectual disabilities.
"Ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families
Please stop the offensive language toward women and use words that are more respectful.
Using "c---"  to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Please look at the words you use against women and communicate with more neutral speech.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
As a female I think that women who lie about rape should be arrested and put in jail for a min of 60 days.
There is a woman trying to express pain and you are making this an unsafe conversation for her.
You should look into the history of these movements it might help you to understand why people are reacting badly to it.
If Hillary took money from her I mean she didn't know the connection. No I am not a Hillary fan
These words are really out of place in this conversation and you should try to be more thoughtful.
This is the world we live in now. Everyone is offended by everything.
You should meet more disabled people and ask them how they feel about this word.
You should try to listen to people who are telling you that they are being hurt.
While I can appreciate the point of view and the sentiment
I agree that small crimes resulting in jail time do create a worse criminals. But the reform should be for everyone.
Although I know everyone is entitled to an opinion
Everyone has different personalities.  I find some people harder to 'read' in general men and women.
Well men and women can be moody but neither are those words.
It's not okay to insult anyone based on just their location or color.  I have lived in the north and south and both can be racist and mean.
Honestly I think every nationality has a tendency to not be socially diverse unless forced. I grew up in a mix community and it's great.
While I agree with the fact that there is embarrassment going on
Good she should be fired. Nobody should be making such false accusations against another person.
Don't insult women by associating us with him
This word is derogatory to women.  It might be a good idea to think about your response before posting it next time.
You using a person's gender as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
I don't like her either
This word is extremely offensive to the mentally challenged.  You might want to think about the effects that your words have before posting
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
That response is demeaning to women.  Next time respond withing using offensive language.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
The term retarded is highly offensive to the mentally challenged community
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Please think about your choice of words so that others aren't wounded with them.
You'd sway more people with that argument if you made it without using such offensive slurs.
It's obviously not as black and white as this. Also you're complaining about be labeled anti feminism but using that word. Interesting.
When you use that word it makes me discount your opinion.
Interesting that you consider yourself so smart but can't think of better ways to express your view
When you say that word it makes me it difficult for me to want to engage in conversation with you.
I hope you can resolve whatever issue is making you so angry at these other groups that you feel the need to only refer to them by slurs
When you use those words they completely invalidate your point.
It's funny how insecure women make you feel. I hope you can find the power to change one day
You'd have a stronger argument if you didn't use such an offensive word.
First step of intervention would be for ppl not to respond to the hater because the first step of ANY intervention is to arrest the behavior
Ask the person to please refrain from using profanity and name calling.
First step of intervention would be for ppl not to respond to the hater because the first step of ANY intervention is to arrest the behavior
Try to use more descriptive adjectives that are more sensitive to others.
Don't mention the n-word in full unless you're black
delete the whole entire thing and throw both users off the platform
Please refrain from swearing and also inappropriate sexual innuendos.
Please don't call people from Appalachia that word
delete the convo and throw both users off the platform
Please refrain from using stereotypes against particular individuals.
You missed the part where you're not supposed to call people slurs based on female genitalia.
suspend the second user.. well the user 1 actually
Please refrain from using sexist and vulgar language.
User 4: please do not accuse people of having intellectual disabilities as a way of insulting them
Just because someone has a learning disability doesn't make them less than you.
Fighting hate speech with hate speech is not going to solve anything.
Please do not insult people by saying they have mental disabilities.
Just because someone has a mental disability doesn't make them less than you.
Please do not claim people have mental disabilities as a way of disparaging them.
Just because someone has a learning disability doesn't mean that they are less than you.
Just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you.
can you not respond without being offensive
That term really bothers me.
Well you could have made your point without such strong language.
Arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around
you all are out of control. check yourselves
good arguments here but it gets lost in the hate
This is sort of hateful.
another seemingly good potential debate ruined by idiocy
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult.
You can get your point across without using the word retarded thank you.
Please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language and mental illnesses as insults.
When you resort to using stupid slurs you know your argument isn't as strong. Grow up.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult.
"retarded" is so outdated. use something else.
Using such foul language doesn't make a point anymore valid.
I really hope that she didn't commit sexual assault because then it just makes her entire argument false.
Slandering someone in such a way speaks volumes about the people doing it.
The world is going insane with all these gender choices. Just pick one and stick with it already.
The use of such foul language shows a lack of understanding for the topic.
I say it over and over but these topics don't belong in our comics. As a comic lover since a child it's not funny anymore.
The use of foul language make people think there is a lack of understanding of the topic being discussed.
The whole idea of the zombie is getting a little tired but they make a lot of money so it works for the industry.
When discussing a topic
Please eliminate the detestable language and use words that are more fair.
Not only should he sue her but she needs to be arrested. Women like her are why others are not believed when claiming rape.
Take out the negativity please and stick to the concerns.
I wish I could get paid Before actually working. That would be nice.
Please take out the rude remarks and say something productive.
The whole thing is crazy. We are all humans and need to stop this racism already it's 2019.
Pretty funny
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
A term used in this post has been deemed as offensive and unacceptable to use on this site.
A term used in this post has been deemed as offensive and unacceptable to use on this site.
Whoa dude. No need to use that kind of language. It would have been netter if you didn't respond at all.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
A term used in this post has been deemed as offensive and unacceptable to use on this site.
It's strange to see the words courtesy and cunt in the same sentence.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
It seems to me your main problem is with her viewpoint not her gender. There's no need to call her a cunt.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that. So depressing.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that kind of thought.
This term is highly offensive. I'm not sure why we can't insult each other without using it. You can get your dislike across in other ways.
Please be nice to each other.
What's really ugly is using terminology that offends an entire gender just to express your distaste.
There's no reason to use that language.
Your participation in this sub along with your choice to use slurs says so much about where you're at in life
We get it. You don't like her. There's no reason to use such an offensive term just to express that.
Just call them a woman.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
I wonder if he was arrested if she lied and said he hit her. Hopefully a video was taken.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
All women want is respect and to be paid equally simple.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Rick will probably win this case too.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Being a celebrity or known in a city isn't all that great. It attracts a lot of different types of unwanted company.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
As Americans we all really need to come together and stop seeing color. We all bleed red so we're all the same deep inside.
I don't think that you should spend your time disputing numbers backed by research.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
People are allowed to critique institutions that serve them even if they're not a part of them.
Wow angry at women for something so simple. Come on dude.
If you are really worried about injustice you shouldn't be using that word.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
It isn't supporting your argument to jump right to this kind of anger.
Yup because misogyny means you're right! /s
Interesting that that's all you could come up with to comment on the situation
Using female genitals as an insult is outdated and unacceptable.
That kind of language is an attack on her female identity.
You could make your point without disrespecting individuals with mental disabilities.
This is an attack on trans women implying that they cannot be beautiful.
Ironic that you guys are using slurs to call people stupid
Your point could have been made in a way that seemed intelligent instead.
While her behavior may be suspect your practice of using female genitalia as a derogatory term is also.
Using that kind of language toward a trans woman is an attack on her gender identity.
Female genitalia should be revered. They bring life into the world.
Despite her wrongful actions using that kind of language is attacking women.
I'd be more apt to agree with you if you didn't use that word.
The article is full of hate no need for you to add more.
While this woman's actions are horrible please refrain from using vulgar slang in describing individuals.
You're basically mocking half of America.
This story is terrible but the racist banter is totally pointless.
Please refrain from using vulgar racial slang on the forum. It violates the terms of service.
I get what you're trying to say but those words are harmful in any circumstance.
Hate speech isn't cool even if you hate men and women equally.
I'd be more apt to agree with your argument if you didn't use that word.
I dislike niche games too but the hateful slurs are unnecessary.
You seem to have a real problem with women's body parts.
I think that you can see that these are not equivalent if you're being honest with yourself.
I understand the point you're trying to make
Sexual orientation shouldn't be used in a derogatory manner.
I don't think that you should be spending so much energy defending your right to violence.
The use of "retard" is offensive and not useful to your argument.
I don't know why you would bring disabled people into your insults.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Stop gender bashing.
How original an insult... /s You're so afraid and basic.
Using that kind of language is unnecessary also that's lumping together entire huge groups of people
Stop making racist remarks!
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Stop using a term that is for a medical condition.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Using that kind of language is pointless bad people are bad people but not all women are now responsible for these
Stop using gender bashing words.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Using that language doesn't help support anyone's argument
Stop gender bashing.
The people in this conversation don't want to fight with you and you have a chance to part ways peacefully!
You should try to keep the language clean. Try using the "C word" instead.
You might try to tone down your language
If you want to have an honest ideological discussion about this
Dumb or stupid would better apply in your argument.
If you don't use words like retard people will listen to you more
Hey
Please try to use a more PC word.  Like dumb.
using words like retard doesn't improve your writing
Please refrain from using racial and homophobic slurs.
I think it's certain type of racist hateful or nasty words that it monitors.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as insults
The entire concept behind Diablo Immortal video game is negative so what is the issue now.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult.
If you want people to spend money it's not a good idea to insult the customers.
Please refrain from attacking women for their fashion choices and gender.
No parent ever encourages this behavior.  It is always sad when a daughter doesn't turn out the way you thought.
Please refrain from making personal attacks for others.
I love Judge Judy leave her alone!
Ret---ed" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult
Ret--ds" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult
Look for years movies and video games used humor like this. I don't get why now all of the sudden it's racist and wrong.
Please refrain from using offensive/derogatory terms
I mean hey she's just a girl!
Please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language when speaking to others.
No woman should have sex with a minor. I know the boys think it's cool but they don't understand the long term mental damage.
Please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language when referring to others.
Sounds like she got scared. I don't think she should of ever had a gun in the first place if she's gonna react that way.
That implies that people with mental disabilities are incapable of speaking/writing.  They still communicate in the same way.
Offensive language will not be tolerated.
I know you guys are joking but you guys are being quite insensitive
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
I understand this conversation is heated and tense but let's try to avoid that kind of language.
"Ret--ds " and "ret--ded" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Lot's of the language you use in your comment is very offensive. If you disagree with someone you should not point out their religion.
Watch the language please. This is toeing the line.
"Ret--ded" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Watch the language. This is a warning.
"Ret--d" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
She was probably just distracted the same way anyone could get.
Woah
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Gender bias exists but it's still wrong. That's why we use the word bias to mean there's something wrong with the logic of it.
Using gender as the butt of a joke is a low tier accomplishment that middle schoolers achieve regularly
There's no reason to call her a cunt. The thing you disagree with has nothing to do with her being a female.
To act like those who follow a religion all behave the same way is to admit to your narrow mindedness.
When you use words like "raghead" and "cuntmonkey" people are not going to take you seriously.
The hateful sexist language in your comment isn't helping your argument or contributing to the thread.  Please refrain in the future
sexist and racist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
There's no reason to use the C-word or call someone names here. You don't know the whole story.
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings
That's really offensive to call people names like that. Just let it go - there's no reason to say things like that.
Please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts.  It doesn't add to the conversation.
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings
Do you really have to use demeaning and offensive language to express your opinion on divorced women?
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
homophobic comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Watch your language.  That term is used to insult people with disabilities and has no place here.
Why are you using this term.  It is harmful and offensive and has no place being used to express opinions.
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
And then there are those who never learn from history
I understand the frustration but the name calling is a bit much.
"Ret---ed" and "ret---ation" as used is patently offensive; it should be avoided here.
This has nothing to do with mental disability or retardation but everything to do with corporate greed.
Both parties have their issues and the left are not the ones doing the name-calling in this instance.
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
It's good that you've clarified that you did not mean to attack ESL but you're still using ableist language.
1. inadequate words: dumbestfull retard
Name calling such as that does not efficiently describe the point that is trying to be made.
1. inadequate word:retarded
There are much better ways to explain someone's lack of intelligence than stooping to name calling.
Using language such as this make the point invalid in others eyes.
right winger"\n3. inadequate expressions: "right winger
dumb people"'
The language that was used caused a pointless argument with no actual evidence or opinions in sight.
1. inadequate words: "fucking clue
mouth breathers"'
Adding the foul language before the rest of the comment does not make it more impactful.
Guys
We all really need to do a better job of not stereotyping others and knowing the facts.
I think we all know there's a problem could we talk about it intelligently without durogatory terms?
Although deflecting accusations by using one's sexuality is not good
It's not really cool to paraphrase for others that person never said that
I think you might be exaggerating someone else's point of view it can't be that bad.
Although that word may seem like it's not that bad
I don't really see the point of using the R word makes your argument invalid.
I don't think that name calling is necessary here.
Calling people that is quite extreme considering it's just a tweet. No need to be so aggressive to others.
No point in continually using the R word never gets your point across very well just a heads up
I think there is a better word you could use rather than to call someone retarded even medical professionals don't use that term anymore.
Please don't use the r-word in your posts. Intellectual disabilities are not rare and that word is offensive.
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Perhaps they're writing in a style that suits them .
Your language displays a lack of character and suitable vocabulary.
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Calling someone the c-word is offensive because it derogates woman and so this is not acceptable language.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Please do not use mental disabilities as an insult towards others.
Typically people who feel the need to call women thots and cunts are the ones who aren't getting laid
The use of the c-word is highly offensive not just insulting a person here but also derogatory of all woman.
Gratuitously calling someone with the c-word is hurtful and offensive to all woman and completely unacceptable.
Please don't insult others by claiming they have mental disabilities.
"Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
"D-ke" as used here is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Slurs as these are denigrating people with homosexual orientations and are not acceptable in our conversation.
I know 100% there are soulless people out here I don't care what she says.
"Reta--ed" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided here
The r-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive denigration of people with disabilities
"Ret--ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
The "N word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
The use of the n-word is unacceptable in our discourse as everyone including bots knows.
Perhaps you should do some  thinking and learn to recognize that making generalizations about gender are unfair.
"Cu-t" si a tern of hate and should not be used in intelligent political debate.
"Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Wow sounds like you need to find a better outlet for your anger issues.
The term "fa--ot" when used pejoratively is offensive to many people and so should not be used in a political commentary.
Your choice of words is small and violates hate speech.
Ouch I'm gonna go cry now someone on the internet insulted me!
What a hateful unpleasant person you are.
Poor choices aren't exclusive to a single race.
That's a particularly uneducated comment.
One's personal life does not necessarily reflect their professional life. In reality
That escalated quickly. Relax no need to attack anyone personally.
Wow real mature to still be using that term.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
intelligence is not something that is determined by gender and it seems as though there was a clarifying question not a missunderstanding
I am still waiting to see the proof of this. Growing up our teachers said the opposite to us.
Using the word retard to describe this situation is inappropriate.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Your comeback is ineffective because all it does is show your hatefulness.
Calling the user a retard doesn't help your argument only shows your hatred.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Using the word "retarded" only shows your hatred.
Other words that do not promote a culture of hate would be better suited to make your point and support your argument.
These types of words are considered hateful and should not be used to make arguments seeing as it can be seen as very offensive.
This is a hateful term and is inappropriate to use.
We should try to avoid demeaning  words.
Using offensive language doesn't make anyone seem intelligent.
Please refrain from using such derogatory terms in your argument.
Hateful people exist in all races not just specific ones we have bad experiences with.
"B--ch" and "Fa--ot" are terms of hate and do not belong in this forum.
I still wondering how win the world she did all this without him getting away.
"Tw-t" as used here offends many and should be avoided.
My European ancestors sure did have a way of dressing.
Both use of "the r word" and hate speech about women cause offence and should be avoided in this forum.
Dating can be really fun. Even the bad dates. It makes good stories with your friends for years to come.
Affixing the "c---" term to your remarks is offensive adds nothing of substance and should be avoided.
I love walking simulators!
Affixing the "c---" term to your remarks is offensive adds nothing of substance and should be avoided.
Nothing is going to happen. We get these reports every year on both sides.
Cu--ts" used to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Stop bashing females because of their gender.
Fa--ots" is potentially a term of hate and is best avoided here.
Stop bashing others for their gender or sexuality.
Dude the reason you've had horrible interactions with women is that you're not self-aware enough to realize you're the problem.
Stop gender bashing and being ugly to women.
I would love to see what you look like without all those Reddit muscles.
Stop gender bashing!
Stop bashing sexuality and political values.
Your fierce disdain for the LGBT community makes me question how secure you are sexually...
Your post does not need to use sexist language for you to express your disapproval of the situation.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and must be avoided here.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Please don't perpetuate sexist stereotypes of women.
This use of the "c---" term to refer to women is gratuitous and offensive; it should be avoided.
Well I am glad the reservation is now complete. The Lord does appreciate a sense of humor but I'm not sure he's laughing much today.
Other words equally harsh and less offensive can be used to describe said people.
I don't even know or want to know what a pre divorce ceremony is. The actual divorce party is enough for me!
n/a
Cops shouldn't get a bonus for not assaulting people. It's their job to be professional and the bigger
n/a
Homophobic or ableist remarks are not accepted on this site. Further such hate speech will lead to an IP ban.
Use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Use of that slur is offensive as it demeans woman.
We all know what that ableist language means. Pretending you don't understand won't prevent you from being banned if you continue using it.
You sure do make their case for them if you can't defend gaming without resorting to transphobia and sexism. Contine to do so and be banned.
Use of the c-word is not acceptable--it is offensive hurtful and derogatory towards all women.
The 'r' word isn't a word that should be used to better your argument.
Language like that is offense to large groups of people. Calling names is not funny in anyway. It demotes entire races.
I really hope you know the history that goes into both of those words. Both derogatory and both shouldn't be used to get a laugh.
Lnaguage to dehumanize woment is low and not appropriate. It is harmful to everyone. We need women to be brought up as they are equal.
While I agree with your statement I don't agree with your use of the 'c' word.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
racism does nothing but hurt the whole reason for the kneeling protest.  your behavior just proves their point more
Some people aren't worth engaging with; just downvote and move on.
Various insults are all denigrating people and are not acceptable in decent conversation.
We all want equality for everybody and it should start with the way we talk to people. Respect begets respect.
Addiction is a serious mental illness that should be addressed better; insulting addicts doesn't help.
Use of the rcword to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
Calling names is calling names which is not respectful.
You're going to need to do more convincing than calling people names if they use Facebook.
Use of the r-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with a disability.
Use of the slur to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of homosexuality.
I agree but the name calling doesn't seem necessary. Could we verify this?
This conversation is ridiculous and you all need to stop. This is largely anti-women speech and unacceptable.
Watch the language. This is uncalled for.
Everyone is entitled to comment on any sub they wish. If you're quiet and listen you may learn something.
Using words that demean a person's gender identity do not cause productive conversation.
i would delete the whole conversation   its violent and is against women
id delete the whole post and id kick off user 9 for a week but id entirely kick user 10 off the platform
id delete the both comments and penalize both user 1 and user 2
B--ch" c--t "ret--d" "ret---ed" are offensive terms and need to avoided here.
Sad that you think a comment consisting of nothing but offensive language actually adds to the discussion.
This whole conversation is stupid but you are out of line. Watch the language.
Using offensive language doesn't make you seem very intelligent.
Watch the language. This is inappropriate.
Sad that you think using ableist slurs is actually adding to the discussion.
Watch the language. This is not acceptable.
Offensive language makes it impossible to respect your opinion.
This isn't appropriate. Watch the language.
It's very hard for me to want to listen to your point of view when you use that word.
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
You'd get your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use that word.
Stop body shaming and using a medical condition as an insult.
Stop using gender based insults.
It's very hard for me to want to listen to your point of view when you use that word.
Stop using racist and politically motivated choices as insults.
That word is a derogatory term and should not b used when expressing your opinions in the public realm.
Using the term "c--t(s)" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Get that language out of here.  Society has progressed beyond the point of accepting the use of derogatory and offensive statements
"Fa--ot" as used here causes offense to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary
Why do you have to be so offensive when talking about someone.  You could have said nothing at all.
Using the term "c--t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Unless you're from Australia that word has a highly offensive social context. Do not use it.
You using a person's gender as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
Using derogatory language is no way to get any point across.
Using derogatory language like that makes it hard to respect any opinion you might have.
Using misogynistic language isn't any way to get anyone to respect your opinion.
I wish your parents had taught you not to use slurs.
Thank you for your mature and level headed input.
I'd say the one being offensive here is you since you're calling people slurs.
These terms do nothing to inflate your argument.
Let's not call women slurs here. We're supposed to be better people than that.
These replies are disgusting and incredibly sexist.
Slang terms for females are not permitted
Using offensive language makes it hard for anyone to take your opinion seriously.
Slang terms for females are not permitted
Hard to take you seriously with all the offensive language.
Slang term for people with disabilies is not permitted
Using ableist slurs doesn't really seem like it really adds anything to the discussion.
Slang terms for people with disabilities is not permitted
Can't take you seriously with all the offensive language.
I can't tell you what you can or cannot say
Offensive language based on disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Offensive language based on disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Clearly you don't understand Moroccans. Using goat-f*** is truly such profanity and hate. Using the R word is totally undignified
Don't get me wrong I understand your argument but using the derogatory terms about the mentally challenged isn't right either.
Offensive language based on race and disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
You using a person's gender as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
Hard to take you seriously when you use offensive slurs.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Using ableist slurs isn't really a good way to get your point across.
Using gender as the butt of a joke is a low tier accomplishment that middle schoolers achieve regularly
Can't take you seriously when you use offensive language to try and get your point through.
There is no need for you to use words like that
There are other words you can use besides such a vulgar word.
To use the C word to describe elected officials is not acceptable. Any more speech of this type will get you removed.
You are a special kind of vile human being for speaking that way
There are nicer words to use; be conscious of other's feelings.
The use of the C word to describe individuals in realtionships or out of them is unnacceptable and will not be tolerated at all.
Please refrain from using those words to describe someone.
The way you are describing individuals is completely unacceptable and offensive and will not be tolerated here.
There are other words you can use to describe someone other than that.
The means in which you are describing individuals is unacceptable and demeaning and will not be tolerated.
Even if Murkowski does not see your comment it is rather offensive to call someone that name
Re--rd" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
That kind of comment is inappropriate and will not be tolerated immediately deleted if it continues
Wow didnt mother teach you if you dont have something constructive to add to remain silent?
Re--rd" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
The use of that word is unacceptable no matter how it was meant and will be deleted
She might be wrong but no man should ever put his hands on a lady.
n/a
As a woman I just cannot truly understand the extreme some feminists will go. I love men and everyone love each other!
n/a
Removing the feather is really unnecessary. It is like we are trying to remove all culture from gaming. I hate it.
n/a
Hate speech has no place in this conversation
This r-word even if not intended to be offensive is hurtful - because it is associated with people who have disabilities.
Use of the c-word is derogatory and hurtful to all women and not acceptable in our conversations.
Not all females are the same or deserve to be lumped together with hate speech... shitty people are shitty people but don't play their games
Instead of using derogatory or outdated remarks
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Our own personal experience with this matter is not relevant. One experience is not the same as someone else's.
Using the words 'white trash' is offensive as its a direct attack to a person based on their race
Its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
The vocabulary from users needs to refrain from the use of  words you would not want to hear your 5 year old say.
No political bashing of any kind is tolerated
Using the word 'retards'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Mods aren't of any level.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
This answer degrades women.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
This speech attacks women for their gender.
n/a
Stop using sexual choice as an insult.
"Ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families
Please illustrate the points of your argument without insulting vulnerable groups.
"Ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
It is not constructive to use a term meant to describe one group now a pejorative to insult another. It harms groups and stops discussion.
This use of the "c---" term to refer to women is gratuitous and offensive; it should be avoided.
I wouldn't use that word as an insult.  It's demeaning towards women.
Please refrain from referring to others with derogatory language as there are better ways to get your point across
There are different ways to get your point across without attacking someones character
There's no reason to escalate to name calling over someone liking a video game.
This term is demeaning towards the mentally handicapped.  It's not necessary to use this kind of language in your response.
Rise above the hate by using non-hate filled language #stayabove
You're literally the example they're talking about acting as if violence is only done by Arabs.
Consider using different language in the future that does not undermine your points with hatred
Please don't show such enmity with your words.
Calling each other names does not add any credibility to either side of this debate.
Please express your concerns in a way that is less insulting to others and more objective.
Name calling does not add any strength to your argument.
Please convey your feelings in a way that is kinder and less demeaning.
While one may not agree with another point of view calling someone names does not add any validity to your stance on the subject.
Please try to foster a positive environment with your comments and not hatred.
An incredibly sexist remark. Needless to say perhaps you should look into Marie Curie Rosalind Franklin Barbara McClintock and others.
It is one thing to have preferences. It is another to shame others for their looks or opinions. This is very offensive and unnecessary.
Don't use derogatory terms like this.  this is demeaning and offensive to people with real mental conditions.
There is a lot going on here. It goes without saying one's profession does not define who they are. And please brush up on your history.
Social media can actually be a useful tool when used appropriately and leveraged for the right reasons.
I know you probably don't realize that using the word retarded is hurtful to people that have children or family with this.
Was this language really necessary.  You could have said anything else but instead you pick a harmful and offensive term.
I think there are better ways to express how you're feeling that to describe it that way. Can we rephrase that?
You're projecting your fear all over.
I still say that men aren't supposed to leave any women alone being assaulted. It is just not moral.
Yes
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Agreed comic books and their movies are just not the same.
I would love to see your moms' reaction to that sentiment.
I don't think we need another remake of Charlies Angels this will be the third one I believe.
You're easily offended.
Anyone who has sex I think is considered a 'sexual'.
I wonder if you'll ever find love and acceptance from women given how you treat them. Women are more than their parts.
Would you like if someone used that language about your daughter/mother/sister? No.
Using that word to say that someone is not smart is offensive.It is a medical condition you are born with and shouldn't be used as an insult
If you're  on the left
Using medical diseases as insults is not acceptable. And you're off topic completely.
Why are people always using a medical condition someone is born with as a verb to call someone/something stupid?!
We do not fear hate speech we detest it. You are alienating yourself from the rest of humanity and you will be left behind by the future.
Using a derogatory term is not going to help get your point across any better in fact it will do the complete opposite.
I still don't get where the woman issues come into play regarding a bow and arrow.
Ableist comments have no place in any logical conversation.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
JourneyQuest producers shouldn't of pulled this just because of a Tweet that they've got no control over.
You might have had a good point but you ruined it with the ableist slur.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Ableist slurs have no place in any sort of conversation.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Just because someone has a disability doesn't mean that they are less than you.
I hope you don't kiss your momma with that mouth
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Making fun of people because of their sex or disability isn't going to solve anything.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Just because someone has a different opinion than you does not mean they're dumb.
The use of foul language doesn't make the point any more valid.
All of the foul language and name calling shows a lack of understanding the topic.
Not all women are this way. I just want to be loved and protected.
The foul language and accusations of others has absolutely nothing to do with the topic being discussed.
She was wrong bottom line. We all have bad days and cannot go around lying about rape.
Calling someone such a foul name speaks volumes about that persons characteristics.
I would never get a breast reduction even if they hurt. That is one thing that makes me feel like a woman.
The name calling shows a lack of vocabulary.
Russia has been getting involved with US politics more in the last two years than ever. Unless the news is making it up.
Complaining about stupidity
Dumb or Stupid would work here.
I don't know what happened to you to feel the need to demonize women
That is a disgusting thing to say when so many have actually suffered from that crime.
Let's replace the non PC word with dumb or stupid or even not smart!
It takes a large sense of entitlement to just slur a person based on their gender and think you're oh so clever
That's a highly offensive word that you shouldn't use bro
Please find a different word to describe women you do not like.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Yes this is a stupid conversation. Let's avoid this kind of language though.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this. Also you're projecting.
This is uncalled for. You need to reexamine your language.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that word usage.
Please avoid this type of language here. This is uncalled for.
Muslim countries and the United States are not the only countries which things like this are illegal.
Maybe try re-reading your messages before posting ... then you'd realize your own ignorance.
Doing some research of the "LGBT community" and maybe meeting with LGBT people would probably help you in that aspect.
Oh yeah that's extremely mature ... advocating violence. You're a real tough guy.
Man you guys are gonna get yourselves kicked out of here for talking like that.
The terms "f---ot" "reta--d" and the "n-word" are bigoted and do not have a place in intelligent commentary.
Using the term "c--t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
"Ret--ded" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
While expressing your views refrain from insulting others who do not agree with your views. It is not tolerated on this site.
Using the offensive misogynistic language completely undermines any point you had.
While your views are appreciated hate speech is not tolerated in this forum. Refrain from name calling immediately.
Using ableist slurs doesn't make anyone seem worth listening to.
Where we value your feedback and thoughts we do NOT tolerate or allow any form of hate speech towards any population.
Using insults or hate speech isn't allowed via this forum and continuing to insult other populations will result in you being banned.
Offensive language adds nothing to the discussion and makes anyone who uses it seems unintelligent.
Please do not let you personal anger spread to others.  this term is demeaning and derogatory to a substantial portion of the population.
Please refrain from referring to others with derogatory language as there are better ways to get your point across
While on the subject of seeing people as people.  why do you insist on using derogatory terms to describe people?
There are different ways to get your point across without attacking someones character
You need to rethink your use of certain words.  Our society has progressed to the point where these sort of terms have no place here.
Consider using different language in the future that does not undermind your points with hatred
Harmful and offensive language is completely uncalled for.  Your points could have been made without ever having to utter slurs
Everyone is entitled to an opini but please don't display one that attacks another' character there are different ways to get your point ac
Was that term really necessary.  You could have said stupid dumb uncalled for or basically any other thing that is not a slur.
Consider using different language in the future that does not undermine your points with hatred
Refrain from using the word "retarded".  Many users find it offensive
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Warning or Ban.  Harassment will not be tolerated on this site.
Using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Let's try to refrain from using hateful ableist language in this subreddit.  It adds nothing to your argument or the conversation
Refrain from using the word "retarded." Many users find it offensive.
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Avoid using the term "retards." it is offensive to many users.
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your comments.  It's not helping your argument or adding anything to the sub
Warning. "Cunt is viewed as an offensive term."
Using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
That label is hurtful to many. Please rephrase your question.
I will not proclaim to know your relationship with your son's mother
Judging by the way you choose to see the world it seems she doesn\'t have to try hard to destroy your "reputation".
This is standard procedure by police when an altercation is reported nobody is being targeted unfairly here!
n/a
I can see that you're trying to defend someone's rights but the same principle applies to you about your insulting choice of words.
I can see that you're trying to interpret doctrine but there is no need to introduce such vivid threats.
n/a
You need to take more responsibility for your lack of self control.
n/a
Don't use the r-word when speaking about people. Several people have been affecting by intellectual disabilities and that's very offensive.
The use of foul language doesn't make your point any more valid.
Don't use the r-word while replying to people. Nearly everyone is affected in some way by intellectual disabilities and it's offensive.
Using this slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Using the slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates homosexuals.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Women aren't entitled to explain their presence in the world to you.
This comment attacks a woman for her gender
It might help you be happier not to assume that all women are out to get you.
This speech attacks women
It isn't kind to use people's sexuality as an insult even if you are trying to help.
This speech attacks LGBT people.
You don't know who that woman is or why she reacted that way
This attacks women with offensive language
Someone being wrong does not equal them being unintelligent. Someone saying something you don't like does not equal them being unintelligent
Use of the r-word is not acceptable because it demeans people with mental disability.
"Ret--ded" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Use of the c-word is not acceptable because it demeans women.
Using the "c---" here is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Use of the r-word is not acceptable because it demeans people with mental disability.
"Re---d" as used here offends many and should be avoided.
Use of the slurs here is not acceptable because it demeans women.
"C--t" "b--ch" as well as "pu--y" and its variants are are sexist terms of hate and so forbidden in this forum.
Use other words like stupid or dumb.
"Fa--ot" as used here offends many and does not belong in intelligent commentary.
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
"Re---ds" as used here offends many and should be avoided.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Using gender as the butt of a joke is a low tier accomplishment that middle schoolers achieve regularly
"Ret--ded" is not appropriate term for the mentally disabled.
Use of the slurs is not acceptable because it demeans gays.
Using the word retard as an insult is hateful and cannot be used here.
That isn't always true. As a female we cannot say or do a lot of things.
Use of the c-word is not acceptable because it demeans women.
Using the word cunt to describe a woman negatively is hateful and must stop.
I am glad the judge even sees when things don't look right or line up. All these witch hunts really need to stop.
Use of the c-word is not acceptable because it demeans women.
Use of the slurs is not acceptable because it demeans hurts and offends others.
These racially generalized statements are hateful to all groups they target do not insult general racial populations.
As a female I too don't understand the feminism extreme ways sometimes.
Use of the c-word is not acceptable because it demeans women.
Using a hate word doesn't make you a bigger or better person. It does the complete opposite.
Hey there! Do not use that type of hateful language referring to sexual orientation.
I believe this language is offensive and intended to incite anger amongst others.  I think censoring this user is the proper thing to do!
There is no reason for you to respond in a vulgar manner regarding disability and sexual genitalia
I understand the frustration and the angst but I do not believe this language is appropriate.
Glad you're woke to the meaning behind that gross word and up to date on all of the problems women face in India. Congratulations.
Hey there please do not use that type of sexual language when responding.
I know this woman's behavior was terrible but I believe calling her vulgar things is not necessary.
I understand that everyone is entitled to their opinion however I do not find your language appropriate!
Most women don't drive free cars. That doesn't even make sense. And your language describing the woman is just absurd.
Hey you can post on here without using vulgar sexual terms.
Yes the woman may have been high or crazy but I don't think calling her names and assuming the worst is a wise thing to do!
The labels don't really help the conversation
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
this guy's either a cop...or having baby Mama issues
let's keep it objective...Book Of Wisdom refers to God's potency as a female
Honestly without women there wouldn't be any men. We all need each other so let's just love and hug.
I guess I'm going to have to tell my kids they cannot call a tee-shirt ugly but only that they dislike it.
That's incorrect because racism involves being prejudiced against a minority or oppressed population and your hate speech is not tolerated
Tell me your opinion please with less revolting words and more objectivity.
The use of that word is not necessary and it will not be tolerated because it is hate speech toward women.
Express yourself in a manner that is more agreeable and less harmful to others.
That language is hate speech toward women and will not be tolerated here.  Be more intelligent and use appropriate words.
You can say whatever you want
Please lay off the horrible language and use communications that are going to inspire.
That really is not necessary to use hate speech in your comment and the hate speech (toward women) will not be tolerated
I observe that you have some concerns but please don't debase the innocent with your hurtful words.
This whole conversation is offensive but in particular you used hate speech against people with disabilities and will not be tolerated here
Hey guys let's be kinder to the intellectually disabled.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Both the chinese and the developmentally delayed don't deserve those slurs.
You can't define people by their race as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
Hey let's treat black people with more respect.
To act like those of a race all behave the same way is to admit to your narrow mindedness.
Unfortunately if you use slurs you will get judged. Like you. Stop using slurs.
Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Do nothing since it's harmless
Do nothing
That's a lot of accusations in one statement.  You might need to fact check some of your statements.
C--t(s)" and "fa--ot" are gratuitously offensive terms and must be avoided in legitimate political discourse.
tell user 3 to stop being so libtarded
Let's keep the convo civil. Dumb or stupid would suffice.
And language like that just adds fuel to their fire...
I'd prefer that you not use the r-word on this thread.
Don't give them more bait.
Thanks User 2 for reminding us not to use the r-word here.
Pretty ableist when you put it like that
Hey let's keep this space open for neuroatypical users. Thanks.
You don't have to like alimony but you do have to refrain from using the r-word on this thread.
Please refrain from referring to others with derogatory language as there are better ways to get your point across
Have you ever thought about how all those other taxpayers feel about your "bad" vote?
Lets refrain from attacking someones character to get a point across. There are real people that find words offensive.
Everyone is entitled to an opini but please don't display one that attacks another' character there are different ways to get your point ac
You know
Consider using different language in the future that does not undermine your points with hatred
manthere were a million other adjectives you could have used that would have said the same thing.
"you probably shouldn\'t call her that when you don\'t actually know her"
C'mon guys. i cant even follow what could be informative here because of all the muck.  i cant even hand around to listen.
"Maybe travel there or somewhere else in the world to see what people are like but otherwise you can\'t judge based on where they\'re from. "
The title here actually rails against a defeatist attitude AND ask about positivity. maybe we can get back on track.
"You should do more research on Canada as a country and on the rates of migration before being able to form a solid opinion. "
hey man i think that "r" word slipped on you on accident. All your other language points are so well made.
"Don\'t resort to calling people names just because you want to explain how their job works a little better.:
While her behavior is terrible all women do not deserve to be insulted on account of their vagina.
Ret--d" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
I'm sure this woman is perfectly intelligent although if not there's nothing wrong with being intellectually disabled.
Using the word retard to call someone stupid is hateful and offensive so don't do it
In my opinion using slurs is a crime against all people. In this case specifically women. Please stop.
Using cunt to refer to a woman is hateful and disrespectful
It's hard to take you seriously when you use that word.
Hey dude! No need to use such offensive language! Could you make this more friendly so I can participate without feeling like a bad person?
Please stop using slurs for peoples' sexual choices.
It's hard to want to listen to your perspective when you use those words.
Please stop insulting others due to their sexual choices race or gender.
When you use that word it invalidates the point you're trying to make.
You could say 'I was only pretending to be silly' or 'ignorant' instead.
Please don't use medical conditions as an insult.
Let's keep it G rated.
that word is unnecessary.  You can express your opinion without using a derogatory term for people with disabilities.
Please try to avoid using words like retarded as some viewers may be offended by that improper use of that word.
Please do not use that word.  It is derogatory and incredibly offensive to people with disabilities and has no place in daily conversation
Please use G rated words there are other viewers that may be offended by your words.
Please refrain from using offensive language as this forum is not intended to accommodate offensive material.
The offensive and derogatory language is unnecessary.  Your opinion can be expressed without using that word.
Please refrain from using such offensive strong language thank you.
Pleae do not use that derogatory and offensive term to express your opinion.  It is unnecessary.
When arguing your point using hate speech and excessive cursing undermines the validity of what you are saying.
Using the term 'faggots' to describe a certain political ideology is bigoted and wrong.
The belittlement of women gaining equality in rights is uncalled for. Please take a moment and respect those that are not the same as you.
Using the term "dumb cunts" is bigoted toward women please stop using this term.
Using the term "repulsive cunt" is bigoted toward women please stop using this term.
Looking down on others for having different views is narrow minded. Take a moment and respect your peers please.
Saying "commie retarded faggots" is hurtful and bigoted language and I hope that you can please stop.
Hate speech regardless of how it is used does not help improve the validity of anyone's argument.
Using that kind of language toward African-Americans is bigoted and disgusting. Do not generalize people.
To define people by their race shows your narrow mindedness as people act out of their perceived norms all the time
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
While we respect everyone's opinions
Stop using a gender based insults.
The term retard is offensive. Please refrain form further use of it.
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
Speaking of red pills... did you know that 6 of the 7 dwarves required a red pill in order to perform?
The slur used here is offensive because it comes from or is associated with a place of hate toward homosexuality and so is not okay!
Use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
The use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is hateful and hurtful toward all women.
I'd be more apt to agree with your point if you didn't use that word.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
You'd get your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use that word.
There's no reason to offend all women just to make express your displeasure.
You seem so obsessed with women.
There's no reason here to use such a derogatory term for homosexuals. We get it. You're angry. Control your communication more.
It's no wonder women don't flock in your direction.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Sit and think before you post and comment. This will help avoid taking and giving offense and get rid of the use of hate speech.
Your post is lacking in information. Instead of name calling try explaining your thoughts and feelings on the issue. Be open to new ideas.
Please use words that can express your views without damaging others' reputations.
Most of this is using a bad word where a kinder one would work. Instead of using anecdotal evidence try looking into the topic more.
A different word would equally and more kindly say the same thing. Try to calm yourself down before posting.
If it is actually "a thing" then use the proper grammar of capitalization as well as posting a source otherwise it seems you are lying.
I'm trying to figure out how that makes you better.
using the words 'faggot fuckers' is offensive and homophobic. Refrain from using such words.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Using the word 'retards'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
words like cuntwhore and bitch are inappropriate as they directly attack people based on their gender
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Using the word 'cunt'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
The 'r' word isn't a word that should be used in this context. It's derogatory.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or shows care.
Even using that word to say "do not say it\' is not right.
This comment is extremely offensive. You should not have used the 'n' word
Using a derogatory word to describe someone is not productive in conversion and does not show care.
The 'd' word should not be used lightly
Using those kind of words do not contribute to a useful conversation.
There was no reason for you to use the 'r' word
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive to a meaningful conversation.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
While you may feel strongly this way there is nothing added by using foul language. Your post without the language is simpler and good.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
You can feel this way and even express it without having to use a harsh word. It does not help express your point. You look like the bad guy
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Saying mean things does not make you right nor does it forward the conversation. You can make your point without it.
You do not have to quote the person directly. You can say something to take the place of the word instead like "n-word" which is often used
Retarded is an offensive word that doesn't need to be used to describe people you disagree with.
derogatory comments are not welcome. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
These words do not add to the post nor do they help you make your point. Try and be kinder to others and yourself.
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive
Hey i know the user didn't agree with your opinion and wasn't particularly nice but I think you should have taken the high road.
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive
I don't think thats appropriate and you are just being a troll
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disability.
Please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive
Look
Please don't use sexist and ableist insults in your posts.  It's not helping your arguments and it does nothing to enhance the conversation.
Whether a mask looks bad or not is subjective. The use of slurs
Please don't use ableist insults in your comments.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or the conversation of the sub.
"Retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
Please avoid using ableist insults in your comments.  It isn't doing anything to help your argument or add to the conversation of the sub.
I'd be more apt to agree with your point if you didn't use that word.
It was a joke but we don't need to repeat any derogatory remarks about people right?
Do not be so rude. Try using adult language.
This is an interesting perspective but it's hard to digest when you use  words like those.
Instead of using those terrible terms we can say something like she just steps out of line that explains fine without the derogatory marks
Trivial language makes you look like you are intellectually challenged. Try to clean it up.
I think instead of judging the woman for their choices we should just support them.
Try not to be rude when describing women.
This is an interesting perspective but it's hard to digest when you use a word like that.
You may have had a bad experience with the police but generally they are out in the community to help not to harm us.
Other words that might be used in this instance are dumb or stupid.
You'd get your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use that word.
I think the world has just become so sensitive but we don't need to be using certain terms or blaming certain genders for things.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
I think that we all can agree with our feelings towards this group. It's easy to get heated when talking about something so sensitive.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
No need to use that sort of terminology! I get it can be annoying to see posts like this but lets cool it with this kind of language.
If you guys weren't bonafide women-repellants you would have an accurate idea of what modern women actually look like.
You attract the kind of people who you are most like.
I understand your point
Okay first of all stop implying the existence of intellectually disabled people is an insult.
Mental considerations aside they simply feel strongly about the depiction of a personification of a computer program.
It is a muddy and messy subject. If you feel strongly about it you should lobby to have it changed.
Hey guys comparing people to monkeys is dehumanizing. Please try to be kinder to each other.
This is a big bag of worms. Etiquette is determined very heavily by the local culture but we should probably avoid derogatory language.
Offensive language based on  disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Slow down on the C word
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
To act like those who follow a religion all behave the same way is to admit to your narrow mindedness.
People like using the R word so much that they don't even realize there are better words to use.
Defining someone as mentally ill without actually knowing them is one of the easiest ways to look stupid.
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across.
stop gender bashing.
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across.
Don't pick on gender or political choices.
Don't bash people for their religious choices.
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across.
Don't gender bash!
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Stop with the gender bashing.
Let's try to keep the bad language to a minimum. Stupid would be a good word to use here.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/orsexual orientation in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Stop bashing people for their political views and medical conditions.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Stop bashing peoples' religion and medical conditions.
Let's try to use African American instead.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and/or race in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Stop bashing people for their sexuality and nationality.
I am so confused. If you didn't play than never started.
Please don\'t use the term "retarded."  Many users find it offensive.
Yes all Americans should make the same amount of money based on performance and education.
All that is needed to say is that when someone falsely accuses another of anything it's because something is hiding in their own closest.
Re--rd" may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it demeans people with mental disabilities and is hurtful and offensive.
Ret--ded" and "jew girl" both show insensitivity and a lack of respect they are beneath the level of discourse required here.
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it demeans people with mental disabilities and is hurtful and offensive.
Morality good or bad is not categorized by gender.
Use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it demeans women and is hurtful and offensive.
We shouldn't downplay victims just because they come from privileged backgrounds.
I'm not sure if your mother would share the same view.
Your post contains sexist language it would be better for you to express your views without such language.
People's sexuality aren't things we should trivalize.
I dont think you can compare Mods to pedophiles.
Please don't use language that insults people based on their sexual orientation.
I think maybe you should write to them and explain them your point of view about the situation. Maybe someone in charge will figure it out.
hey guys I think we should all consider that people have different kinds of intelligence. Let's not be so bold about this.
No one deserves to die and no one has the right to choose who lives or dies.
In this kind of situation it can be confusing for people and behaviors become unstable. In her head it was the good thing to do.
Let's not get so bold about this please. Respect each other.
Men are not so good to express themselves the western world because they must stay ''strong''. Let's leave women aside on this issue.
It sounds like you have a right to be frustrated but violence does not cure violence.
Sad you think it's funny to use offensive slurs.
Omit profanity when describing people.  Use socially appropriate pronouns
It's hard to take you seriously when you use ableist slurs like that.
Avoid using the term [retarded]. It is considered hate speech towards the develomentally disabled
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
It's a dumb rule but you dont need to call it that.
Using the word 'cunt' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Perhaps referring to someone as genitalia  doesn't really serve to get your point across.
Just because you dont share the same views as them doesnt mean yuo get to attack them and make yourself feel superior.
Using the word 'retardation'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Perhaps you should consider that attributing diseases to a website is illogical.
Using derogatory language isn't making it easy to respect whatever opinion you have.
Leave the last word out and you have a point.
Using misogynistic slurs as an argument doesn't really prove a point.
Gentlemen please this back and forth has completely gone off topic.
Using racial slurs in an attempt at humor is never funny.
Your comment doesn't really apply to the topic.
Using offensive language like that is no way to get anyone to respect your opinion.
We are all used in some way but that certainly doesn't make someone worthless.
Using offensive slurs in an attempt at humor isn't as funny as you think it is.
Something mentality wrong is at play here so maybe its not smart to make fun of this person.
There is nothing constructive being discussed here at all.
You'd be a lot more persuasive if you didn't use that word.
There is nothing productive being discussed only taunts and insults.
I understand that you have a perspective to defend but using that word does not help your argument.
There is nothing productive being discussed only taunts and insults.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your character.
This is not necessary.
Your point of view becomes invalid when you use that word.
There is nothing productive being discussed when taunts and insults overshadow the rest.
It's very hard for me to want to listen to your point of view when you use that word.
Retarded" is a word that is no longer socially acceptable due to being disparaging to the otherwise capable. Moronic and idiotic however
Please refrain from using the word "retarded." Some users find it offensive.
There is no need use labels so senselessly.
Refrain from using the word "retard." some users find it offensive.  Don\'t use the term "faggot" it is considered hate speech. Warning.
Your argument becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks are used.
Refrain from using the word "retarded." Some users find it offensive.
Your argument becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are used.
Your argument becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are used.
Please Do not use offensive language
Please let's keep a proper language thank you
Please refrain from using offensive/derogatory terms when referring to others.
Please don't use that type of offensive terms
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult
The labels and insults don't move any conversation along... or the weak humor for that matter
I was abused badly by my ex-husband and I struggled to get out. Never did the thought of killing my 3 kids came to mind!
Outdated hurtful labels don't help any discussion along
The vague racist overtones of african americans stealing bikes wasn't  so vague.
Broad generalizations don't help any discussion along...or hurtful humor for that matter
That is true. People only see what you allow them to see. Just like online profiles. Nobody knows I'm married unless I put in the profile.
Hurtful labels and generalizations don't help the conversation along
If Mueller has the evidence than he can have them arrested. We all just have to be patient and wait this one out.
The hurtful label hurts lots of good people remember...and isn't worth a weak sad chuckle
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Calling someone by this term is derogatory to females.  It effects your character and shouldn't be used
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
That term is demeaning towards the gay community.  Your words can hurt even if they aren't directed.
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
"Fa--ot" as used here causes offense to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
"Re--rd(s) and" "bit-h" are terms of hate and should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
Referring to African Americans as monkeys is disgusting and hateful.
Look into the laws and the Constitution more as you seem to be lacking in understanding. Your post feels mean and ignorant of US law.
Using this word does nothing to your post but make me want to ignore it. If you want to add to the OP then do not use such harsh words.
"Retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. Don\'t be that guy
You can feel this way but there are better ways to express it. It would also help to explain why you feel this way.
Don't bash peoples' nationality or medical conditions.
"Retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. Don\'t be that guy
Just because you disagree or dislike some thing does not mean you can attack it. I would encourage you to speak to the people you attack.
People should have the free rights to practice whatever sexuality they're comfortable with as far as it doesn't harm others.
There isn't a need to be angry over this nor is there ever a need to use a slur that is unrelated to what is being discussed.
People from every background and sexual orientation suffer emotional trauma. It's not exclusive to gay people.
Even in a self-deprecatory way there's no need to use hateful labels on yourself nor confine your past self to that label.
Dressing in certain ways is no sure guarantee of one's sexuality as people have different fetishes.
Your convoluted sentence was not improved by adding a descriptive slur. Rephrase your opinions without being hateful.
Your colorful anecdote isn't brightened up by using a slur. Paint your picture with a different word next time.
Please refrain from the harsh language as it is demeaning.
This term is offensive to women and should be used.  I'm sure you would be hurt if this was directed at you.
Please tell your thoughts without the loathing comments but instead use more pleasant words.
Please stop saying things that are so revolting as they are offensive to others.
Using this word is demeaning towards women.  It is totally unnecessary to use it as an insult
Please curb the abominable speech and use words that more friendly.
This term is offensive to mentally challenged people.  You words can be hurtful towards people other than your intended target.
Avoid the negative comments please because they are hurtful and disrespectful to others.
Using these words as a derogatory comment towards someone else it hurtful.
I don't understand why you think offensive language adds anything to your comment.
You make your point without denigrating females...
We do not generalize them. There will always be bad apples but not as many as the good ones.
we need to be sensitive in using the word retards. It is a disability you won't like any member of the family to have.
Using slurs doesn't make anyone seem very intelligent.
That is a highly offensive term that shouldn't be used at all let alone to a friend
That is not so nice.
Sad that you think it's funny to use ableist slurs.
Yeah generalizing an entire group of people is real smart.
we need to be careful to our choice of words especially if it refers to a disability no one wants to have.
This comment is offensive and hostile. User will no longer be permitted to comment on this platform.
You talk about Incels as being stupid. Don't be like them. Clean up your language.
Guys you shouldn't even use that language to talk about how you don't like that language
Unfortunately this comment is being flagged as offensive and will be taken down.
I think the point is made more strongly by user 2 without such offensive language
This comment is being flagged for its inappropriate and offensive language. Your account will be suspended on this platform.
Use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
I guess you don't like her from the name calling.
Use of the f-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of homosexuality.
Sexual slurs do not equate a a dishonest business.
Slurs used here to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people.
Bullying in an argument about not bullying seems ironic.
This hatred has nothing to do with video games.
It's really silly to attack a liberal strawman just to feel good about yourself.
an assumption of someone's political affiliation while using hateful words to attack it and imply threats is not welcome in this discourse
You don't even know her how can you use that kind of language.
Hateful speech about women is hurtful and offensive and therefore has no place in our conversations.
You can make your points without calling them names and thus stooping to their level.
name-calling doesn't help you make your point.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
do not  use  words used in the 60's hatred era
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments in this thread
Please don't use the r-word. 30 years ago the intellectually disabled were institutionalized. We deserve the right to participate in society
30 years ago we were electing KKK Grand Wizards to Congress. This is nothing new.
Wow
This is blatant hate. Do not degrade women because you do not agree with their opinion. Gender does not decide superiority.
I'd like to know how you came up with that horribly outdated opinion.
Please watch your tone. Please refrain from using offensive language in your replies.
hey there is no reason to use hateful terms about a person mental disability.
Your comment is very offensive. If you are going to keep posting offensive comments you will be banned.
Woah that is uncalled for. Do not use vulgar language.
Hey please do not use that nasty language on your posts.
Your offensive comments are not appropriate. Please refrain from using offensive language in your comments.
Stop using rude insults that pertain to someones mental disability
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
You need to educate yourselves better.
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings
Racist views are hurtful and derogatory. Please be considerate of others when posting
I think you need to mix more with people of different sexualities.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it demeans women and is hurtful and offensive.
Well using mentally disabled slang isn't going to get anyone taken seriously either Some feminist go to extremes but not all.
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it demeans people with mental disabilities and is hurtful and offensive.
Although everyone has their own insights on the matter it is our job to set aside our differences to support the newer generations.
The term 'rancid cunt' is an attack on women and should not be used.
You are allowed to have your own opinion but please keep your comments to yourself. We do not permit that type of language.
no one deserves to be attacked no matter what she said about them.
Let us refrain from using inappropriate terminology to discuss ethnicity along with the R word.
you don't need to use slurs to get your point across. it makes people stop listening.
Use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Please stop spreading hate on the internet and go do something productive with your life.
Use of the c-word to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
Please stop insulting women and lesbians by using slurs.
Use of this slur to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of lesbians.
Just because times were bad doesn't mean they can't be better now. Slurs won't help anything.
The use of the r-word is hurtful because it denigrates people with mental disabilities and therefore is unacceptable.
Please don't use that word unless you're English or referring to cigarettes.
This slur denigrates homosexuals and is therefore unacceptable in our discourse.
Hey using slurs contributes to a hateful society. Instead of using the r-word or the c-word let's build a kinder world.
Use of these slurs to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive.
Retarded" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
Wow I think using the intellectually disabled as an insult like that is out of line.
It's very hard to understand your point of view when you use that word.
Ret--ded" and "b--ch" are offensive terms of hate; such blatant disrespect must be avoided in this forum.
While the situation might seem stupid that's no reason to compare it to the intellectually disabled.
When you use words like those it reflects poorly on your character.
While y'all is a southern thing
I understand the point you're trying to make but it would be more effective if you didn't use that word.
Hey people attempting to modify language does not give you a free pass to dehumanize them.
I'd be more apt to agree with your point if you didn't use that word.
Let's not use that language to imply someone is gay. If he is it's his business.
I want to engage in this conversation with you but it is hard when you use words like those.
How about we not use any offensive names and respect each other?
Stop putting down peoples' sexual choices.
Please do not refer to people this way.  You are hurting people's feelings.
Stop gender and sexuality bashing!
Its not cool to use the R word at all.  There's a better way to call someone stupid.
Stop gender bashing womens ' choices.
Those are all fitting consequences for a perpetrator of rape. This is why women don't report. Proof is hard to come by.
I know you're mad but that language is not necessary.  Don't call them that.
Stop gender bashing.
There could be fanfiction out there but I don't know anyone who is thinks of Trump in a sexual manner.
You're making way too many assumptions about people's genders.
It's normal to want to be in an intimate relationship with other people.  Not all women are 'weak' and not all men are 'strong'.
Mental retardation is not an insult. Why do you think it is?
There are a lot of other remarks that people can use that would be of greater use than calling people derogatory terms based on who they are
I know you are quoting someone but that hate speech will not be tolerated.  That is offensive to women and people with disabilities.
Stop the political choice and gender based insults.
Not only is your statistic wrong you are using hate speech toward women which will not be tolerated here.
Stop the racist insults.
The language you both used is extremely offensive toward the Black community and will not be tolerated.
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
The word you used is hate speech toward people with disabilities and will not be tolerated.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Wilson is a beautiful woman making money off that beauty. I don't think that is bad
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
I think we are missing the point of this article
Mentally challenged individuals are highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is willful ignorance.
Red Dead Redemption 2 shouldn't be pushing that agenda or even bringing attention to it. Shame on them.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Racism is taught you are not born racist.
You using a person's race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
There are manners of discussing opinions on this woman's actions which do not involve a direct attack insinuating violence and hatred.
calm down please. I see why you are upset. She probably just wanted to have a very simple hair cut in a short time.
"Ret--ds" and "c--t(s)" are offensive terms of hatred and should be avoided in this forum.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Using the word "re---ded" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
Variants of the "n word" as well as "re--rd" are offensive terms of hate and may not be used in this forum.
Degrading comments about racial slang as well as words for mental delay are hateful do not use them
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here
Using the word retarded as an insult is hate speech do not do it here
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively and hate speech directed at a religion  are each offensive and must  be avoided
Making generalized insults about a person's religion is hateful do not do it
I feel like you are purposefully misunderstanding the argument made here by taking it literally.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Perhaps you can understand why women are calling this behavior toxic considering your response.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
I feel like you're using the double meaning of this word intentionally to offend.
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
This seems to be used here to score points but it's a legitimate medical issue that you should read more about.
I've had the same issues you have.  Do me a favor and watch the wording though it can be offensive to some.
"Ret--ds" as used here is patently offensive; it should be avoided.
I totally understand your point but watch the wording if you would.  It's really not appropriate in this day and age.
"Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Watch the nasty words about the mentally challenged it only takes away from your argument.  I totally get it by the way.
"Ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance.
"Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance.
Watch the name-calling dude.
How original an insult... /s
A lot of people don't know by the CDC actually has a plan posted on the website for a zombie attack.
No need for the strong language there bud.
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Let them dress how they want but I agree that it's probably more mentally healthy to pick one gender.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this.
This does not add to the post and is rude. If you want to criticize the say something other than name calling.
Use of the c-word as a slur is offensive and hurtful to all woman.
Instead of name calling explain why you feel this way. This will open the door to conversation and for someone to "change your mind."
Use of this slur is hurtful to people with homosexual orientation as well as most people because it is so hate-filled.
Your comments are slightly off topic and not based in fact. Do some research instead of going off your opinion.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
There is no reason to attack anyone but you are  attacking the woman more than the man. There is no reason to blame her for his actions.
Use of hateful slurs is defiling the conversation and offends women--there is no place for such hurtful speech in a reasonable discussion.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Why do you have to use derogatory terms as part of your vocabulary.  This language is incredibly offensive and should not be used.
This r-word is offensive and hurtful - because it is associated with people who have disabilities.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this and your homophobia is showing.
Is your language really necessary?  Just because you disagree with them does not give you the right to insult them with offensive language.
This slur is no longer acceptable in our discourse because of its offensive nature about homosexual orientation.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. Not to mention
That language is unnecessary.  You can get your point across without using a derogatory insult.
The c-word is not acceptable because it is so hurtful and offensive to all women.
The word used is offensive to women and is very unnecessary.
Sounds like the French are taking this really serious.
Then it's time to run or jump out a window to safety!
Regardless of her mistakes we still don't need to call her names.
Calling a woman by that name does not assist in proving a point. Please use acceptable language.
Not only should he get that money but she needs to be arrested!
I don't feel like this is something worth getting so upset over.
The use of this word in this context or at all is not condoned.
I keep hearing about that show I need to check it out today.
The word retard should not be used in this context or at all as it is offensive.
I have been hearing a lot about Science being false. I guess my Bible was true after all...
Please don't use gender degrading words.
The term "c--t" is a bigoted term of ignorance and so does not have a place in intelligent commentary.
Both the "n word" and racial stereotyping are offensive and not permitted in this forum.
stop using gender degrading terms.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Stop using gender degrading word.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Just because you disagree with the decision that she made gives you no right to use such demeaning language.  Erase it from your vocabulary
You really shouldn't judge someone before you know the whole story she could have been coerst into joining this group she is a young girl.
I don't understand why you would attack more than half of american teachers just because they are female you need to grow up.
Please don't use derogatory terms in your posts.  This word is offensive to a substantial portion of our population and should not be used
No one is going to take you seriously using words like that come back when you can speak like an adult.
This was a civil conversation until you opened your mouth why don't you go back to your parents basement.
That word is meant to disparage the handicapable. Disgusting
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
That may or may not be the case but most can spell "truly" correctly
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
This person's sexuality and your ignorance have no bearing on the conversation
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Your post uses speech that denigrates gender and/or  disability which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Fa--ot" and "re==rd
Nothing can be said these types of people can't be reasoned with.
Trying to offend others by hurling insults only demeans yourself by your hurtful speech.
Ret---ation" is not to be used it is a term of hate.
n/a
Use of the word retardation here is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
I think a lot of citizens don't realize how many hard choices a president has to make.
That word is vulgar type in Obama in the Urban Dictionary.The "C" word will be in the past after you do. You\'re welcome.
We should let every human live their life in a way that makes them happy as long as it doesn't hurt anyone.
This is a plethora of not PC words. Glad GLAAD isn't here. Non-conformist transgender intersexual=same thing he said but acceptable.
Think about it this way. These women are someone's mother
after the walkout there should be one to end the use of derogatory names of ladies private place.
It's really unhealthy to be this angered over other's political beliefs. We should come together for the better good.
This is an enthusiastic bunch I can hear animosity in each slur very impressive time to use our adult words now
On your way to get that award I could really use a hug or 2. All the gab about gab and all the other words has me dizzy so lets hug it out.
Using the word 'non-retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Put yourself in the shoes of person with a disability and stop using such ugly reference terms as it shows a lack of intelligence.
Using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
These type of insulting terms are said by people that have a hard time speaking their mind with intelligence don't fall into that category.
Restraint is good. What a guy.
Using the word 'cunt' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
You might find that you can get your point across better if you don't refer to someone's gender in an aggressive and insulting way.
Good point but using that term doesn't help you make your case.
Using the word 'cunts'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
It probably appears to others that you are acting like an 11 year old when you use an offensive and immature term to describe a woman.
If you use language like that no one's going to listen to you accept the small circle of people who agree with you.
Using the word 'cunts'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
You were making good points until you stooped to the level of attacking one's gender in such a rude manner then it comes off as ignorance.
I don't disagree
Please don't use a serious medical condition to express yourself.
You should provide an argument point instead of blindly insulting.
Please don't use a serious medical condition to bash others.
It is wrong and harmful that she lied but it has nothing to do with women in general.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
"Fa--ot" as used here is an offensive term and must be avoided
"Re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families
Please do not use racial slurs.
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs and attacking others for their political beliefs discussions should be respectful.
Hateful words about homosexual people and people with intellectual disabilities will not be tolerated.
Language that denigrates women will not be tolerated.
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs and attacking others.
Hateful language against homosexual people will not be tolerated.
This is what happens when people are no longer allowed to speak freely if it was in poor judgement lets hope the help that is needed occur
Use of the r-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with a disability.
Race is such a sensitive topic my children know what not to say and i am sure you know as well.If you are a white man try to sympathize.
Use of the n-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of black people.
Well being perfect isn't easy in 2019.
The use of harsh offensive words against someone does not any context to a conversation so how about try saying somthing that could be help
Use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
This language isn't appropriate. It's 2019 and certain words are no longer acceptable to use.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Sometimes you have to advocate for yourself and we don't know the whole story
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
While your sentiment stands
Even so don't think we have to use abusive language to get the point across
sexist and derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Mental retardation and gender stereotyping are not relevant to the discussion. Pedophelia is very defined by law.
Racial generalisation and sexual orientation are irrelevant to being downvoted.
The irony is that you're trying to have a whole argument about toxicity while you are being toxic.
Luckily both of you get to hide your identity. I wonder what kinds of awful things would be said about you if you were in the public eye.
I understand your angry but there's no reason to talk that way about women.
Calm down on the hate speech there
I think it sounds like the men lost their jobs on their own. Without their negative actions they'd still have job security.
There's no reason to use such an offensive term towards women.It's highly offensive.
Yes the woman who lied about it was not a good person but that doesn't mean you have to call her the 'c' word
Just state that she was lying. When you name call it makes your comment less credible.
There's really no reason to use terms like that. There's no reason to offend as many people as possible. That just makes you a bad person.
I don't think there are actually any benefits to using that word. If I'm missing something please inform me.
There really is no reason to use the 'r' word in your argument at all.
I was taking you serious and actually trying to understand your opinion that is until you decided to name-call.
"B--ch
slut" and "tw-t" are terms of hate that target all women; they are to be avoided here.
Someone is having a bad day
I know you're not trying to be hurtful by saying the R word but it kind of comes off that way.
"Re--rded" is offensive; try to substitute a less-stereotyping term.
You make some great points
"C--t" used pejoratively is offensive and hateful; it should be avoided here.
By calling her the C word you're minimizing the fact that she's a terrorist sympathizer and instead insulting all women.
Using the term "c--t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Buy Felicia
Cunt when used against women is a misogynistic phrase no matter how the woman was acting.
Attacking others based on their gender is not a productive or careful way to have a conversation.
The n-word is an extremely racist term and racism does nothing to contribute to meaningful conversation or our society.
Words used to hurt a group of people aren't necessary to have a productive conversation
Her body size has nothing to do with her actions and should not be used against something unrelated.
Using words to attack ones gender do not convey understanding or care.
I saw her in that video and I was embarrassed for her.
Arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around
I don't agree with a rape culture. Either a man is capable of rape or he isn't.  No culture is involved.
Arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around
This comes off as nonsensical when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around
You need to be careful what you say to not offend anyone today.
This comes off as nonsensical
That is just terrible to say. Some people need to just stop with the racist comments and learn to love and live in peace.
This comes off as unnecessary when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around.
Even a biological term could be considered racist please refrain from using racist and derogatory terms towards women and the disabled.
Don't bash people because of their political beliefsracegender or medical conditions!
It isn't necessary to use racist terms to describe people.
Stop using racist terms.
Stop with the racist nationality remarks and gender bashing words.
There are different ways to get your point across without attacking someones character
watch you language.  Using a derogatory term directed at females to describe a journalist that you don't like is disrespectful.
Instead of insults let's focus specifically in what you don't like about the journalist.
Lets refrain from attacking someones character to get a point across. There are real people that find words offensive.
Please don't say such things that offend people.
Threats of violence are not permitted.
Talking about killing a race or a person in an organized religion is immoral. We are all humans with the same feelings of emotions be kind.
Offensive language based on gender identity is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
This is homophobia. The transgender community are the most kind hearted people above us all. They are not hurting you so leave them alone.
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Offensive language based on disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Using the word retarded is not acceptable. It disrespects many physically disabled people and their families.
Fast food was always bad for you
You should not use that word to describe someone
Let's not make mockery of people's disabilitoes by trivialising them.
I wouldn't allow my young child to follow Malala regardless of race or religion.
You should not use that word to describe someone
Socialists have their own way of thinking it doesn't mean their bad
You should not use that word to describe someone
People have the right to choose political beliefs. We should respect ourselves and beliefs.
As a woman I dislike when other women go down this road. Video games are just games
You should not use these words to describe people. Discriminating against people because of stereotypes is wrong.
People have a right to sexual belief and practices as far as they don't harm others.
"Ret--ded" "fa--ot" and the "n word" all often comprise hate speech hence they are forbidden in this forum.
I don't think that freedom is what you describe it is.
"Ret---ed" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families.
"Ret---ed"  and "f-g" are often terms of ignorance and hate so we should avoid their use here.
I dont think these examples were necessary to convey your point.
Calling them that will not make more people like you.
It's hard to take your opinion seriously with all the homophobic slurs.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
There are better ways to get your point across than using offensive terms
Use of the c-word is not acceptable in our discourse because it hurtfully denigrates women.
Women would have worked just fine over the 'c' word
Use of the c-word to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
Better words could have been used instead of the 'c' word
Use of the c-word is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
Please be kinder with your words and change the commentary.
No one here cares for the truth only to win an argument over the internet
Please avoid the trash talk and use words that are uplifting.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Please use more caring words and less expressions of hate.
Ha! He really struck a nerve! All that name calling doesn't make him wrong.
The expressions you use can be taken offensively so please rethink your comments.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
This is an extremely offensive word that is demeaning to women ad shouldn't be used in this context.
Can't really take you seriously when you think ableist slurs are okay to use.
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
Using this word in this manner is out of line mental retardation is not something that should be used as a joke.
Using the word retard is offensive to mentally challenged people.  This about your words before you put them on the internet.
Making fun of someone you dislike isn't going to solve any problems.
This word has historically been regarded as hate speech and your point would be more effectively made using other language.
Calling people names because you dislike them isn't going to solve anything.
Please refrain from using this type of hate speech. It does not promote constructive conversation.
This language is not tolerated nor is it conducive to a constructive conversation. Please refrain from derogatory and hate speech
Name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Please refrain from using such derogatory names.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Please change the speech you use on this page. Hateful and derogatory speech is not tolerated.
Hey
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
You being acculturated into propaganda only proves our arguments. Furthermore
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Hey
Complaining about a generalization while generalizing invalidates your argument entirely. Grow up and go outside once in a while.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
I agree but would use a friendlier adjective. 'unfounded comparison' for example.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Re--rd" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
I think ya'll just need to calm down and be a little more respectful of each other and recognize each other's failures kindly.
Can't really respect this comment when you think it's okay to use ableist slurs.
Re--ed" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
Dude just say 'too stupid'. There's no reason to use such hateful rhetoric.
It's hard to take anything you say seriously when you use ableist slurs like that.
Re--rd" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
Man it's so ridiculous to me that people want to wave their dicks around by using slurs causally on the internet. Have some respect.
Your opinion might have been good had it not included the ableist slur.
It's all right to disagree with people without seeing vast conspiracies in their behavior.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
I don't think that word has any place in a conversation about software.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
No violence is okay
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
"Reta---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families so the term is not allowed.
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
Using misogynistic terms in an attempt at humor isn't actually funny.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
"Ret--ded" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families.
Use of that language regarding your ex-girlfriend is gender discrimination.
Use of that term to describe a woman is gender discrimination
This c-word even if not intended to be offensive is hurtful - because it is is derogatory slang affecting all women.
Use of that term to describe a woman constitutes gender discrimination
All ya gotta do is remove a word and you wouldnt have any problem with being offensive.
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across.
You're better than that. Stop.
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across.
You literally can just say dumb.
Please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive
You're better than this.
Can we not try to insight violence
Consider using different language in the future that does not undermind your points with hatred
You're better than that.
How about we don't.
Everyone is entitled to an opini but please don't display one that attacks another' character there are different ways to get your point ac
Your description of women as retard and basic is generalizing and hateful speech
Using language like that to describe someone or something speaks to that persons character.
I heard that witchcraft isn't just a bunch of women but men practice too.
Using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Such repeated and reflexive misogyny is rude insensitive ill-considered and unnecessary in intelligent debate.
Using the slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
The use of "tw-t" to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
"Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance.
I hope the video shows that so he doesn't get in trouble.
Using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Mindlessly using the "c---" term to refer to women and threatening gender-based violence are offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Using a slur wasn't really necessary.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Using language that is violent towards gay people makes is unacceptable and only serves to make you seem ignorant.
Insulting all women isn't a great way to bring people to you side.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
This language is violent against women in general and is therefore unacceptable.
Using slurs and hate speech examples in such a flippant way is tacitly supporting these ideas. Please reconsider your language choices.
By gamifying behavior that you see from real people expressing real concerns you're depersonalizing them in a really alarming way.
You're not even being original. Go back to /b/.
Using gender as the butt of a joke is a low tier accomplishment that middle schoolers achieve regularly
This is a childish way to use a word that's so hurtful and there's no need to double down on it.
Sexual abuse of young boys is a real problem and it's ignored by society at large.
Using mental illness and sexuality as verbal weapons is a weak accomplishment.
This is an abusive homophobic attack but using insults and slurs to defend yourself against it doesn't help.
Engaging in the civic process might help you to feel less cynical about your process!
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
I don't think it's going to solve anything to insult everyone equally.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this. Over a game...come on
Yes it may have been a mistake but name-calling swearing and bashing the person(s) responsible does not seem like the best decision.
Please do not use mental illnesses as an insult.
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language as an insult.
While I understand the angst of this conversation I think that the name-calling and bad language are not entirely necessary guys!
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to him.
Please refrain from attacking others based on where they came from/were born.
Using the slur here hurts and demeans gays alienates and is not acceptable.
Gay people are perfectly capable of recognizing murders what with all the hate crimes done to them. Don't talk about them like that.
Using the slur here hurts and demeans gays alienates and is not acceptable.
Please don't bring gay people into this- especially not with that language.
Using the r-word here hurts and demeans people with mental disabilities alienates and is not acceptable.
Please don't bring the intellectually disabled into this. And especially not with slurs.
Guys let's try being kinder to people. Black people deserve human rights as do lesbians.
This whole thread is just filled with angry little misogynists.
It says a lot that you feel the need to label this woman by her gender instead of her actions
Stop using racist humor.
Just stay stupid or dumb. It really isn't difficult and it would make your points seem more credible
Using the word retarder instead of stupid just makes you look stupid. People will take your points a lot more seriously if you change.
You're language her leaves a lot to be desired. Maybe try to sound like an adult.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
I think you need to try and be civil in your language.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
There are other words you could use to show your displeasure with women. Why not try them out.
To act like those of the opposite sex all behave the same way is to admit to your narrow mindedness.
Try words like Dumb and stupid instead.
Try again. Find a different civil word to use.
Defining someone by their gender is one of the easiest ways to look stupid.
You seem to have a lot of anger toward hypothetical women
Try talking to women and reading about the various women's movements and waves of feminism. Study history.
Using irrelevant language to describe women doesn't strengthen your argument.
There is no reason here to even call someone a name. Save yourself down votes and don't post.
I think that there is a better description for this tactic.
You're kind of proving their point there. Why escalate like this?
While you do have a right to feel this way using foul language will turn people away from discussing it with you. Try being more calm.
You can share your opinion without directing it towards a specific person.
Women her age put up with a lot; we don't know her whole backstory and why she's like that.
You shouldn't judge people by their age. User 3 makes a good point.
Calling her that takes you down to her level.
I think the whole multi gender option is a bit much in the games
I'd be more apt to agree with your point if you didn't use that word.
When you use words like those it reflects poorly on your character.
Cops shouldn't speak to people that way
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your character.
It's very hard to understand your point of view when you use that word.
There's really no reason to single out a race. Black children go to school just as any other race. Fact.
You'd get your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use that word.
We are in the 21st century we really don't need words like that. There's absolutely no reason for calling him that.
It was awful what happened
Use of slurs here is offensive because it equates homosexuality or intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
There's no need to use derogatory names to get your point across.
There's no reason to degrade people with disabilities
Just because you don't agree with the decision they made using a derogatory word like that is still not justifiable.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
There really is no justifiable reason as to why you needed to use the 'r' word in your question.
It is unacceptable to degrade people with disabilities just because you don't agree with their policies.
Use of the word retards is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Don't think you should be using the 'r' word. It's derogatory and not necessary.
As tempting as it is
Calling someone retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Not saying I condone what happened but there is no reason to call someone the 'r' word.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Your point of view becomes invalid when you use that word.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
It's very hard for me to want to listen to your point of view when you use that word.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
This is an interesting perspective but it's hard to digest when you use a word like that.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
I understand the point you're trying to make but it would be more effective if you didn't use that word.
Calling a woman a slob with no evidence is hateful speech towards all women do not use it.
Why use this demeaning term to express your opinion.  there are plenty of other words that do not have the same derogatory connotation.
The word retarded as an insult is hateful to many people so please refrain from using it
This is a hurtful attack towards women
Your derogatory language is entirely unnecessary.  You can express your displeasure without insults/name calling.
this language regarding women is insensitive and hateful and should not be used in this forum
Offensive language based on disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
"Re--rd" and "c--t" are offensive and should not be used in this forum.
Offensive language based on race is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
The "n word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
Offensive language based on disability and sex is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
"Re---d" and "c--t" are terms of hate and not to be used here.
I think that we could use a better word to call someone that doesn't reference a mental disability.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
I think that we could use better language to discuss this topic.
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
A word doesn't have to be the worst possible thing to say in order to be hurtful to people.
In this cultural context it is a slur deliberately and specifically used to demean and degrade the target. It's not confusing at all.
You should look into the statistics of false rape accusations they might interest you.
Please talk to a therapist about your paranoia and deep-seated resentments of women.
Nobody is asking you to end all harassment you are being asked not to be a harasser yourself or to make posts like this.
I know you're very upset about people who aren't you being allowed to participate in your favorite hobby but there's no need for slurs.
Ret--dedly" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families
There are terms used in this post that have been deemed as hate speech.  This language is offensive and not to be used on this site..
stop
A term used in this post has been deemed as hate speech.  This language is offensive and unacceptable to use on this site.
A term used in this post has been deemed as hate speech.  This language is offensive and unacceptable to use on this site.
Come on guys. This is not that serious. Conflicting views and that's it. Get a grip.
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Using gendered insults really doesn't speak well of you.
I am sure you have something more formidable to say instead of name calling...
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Slow down dude. Everyone is entitled to their own opinion.
Offensive language based on disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Valid point. I probably wouldn\'t have used such "colorful" language but still totally valid point.
Offensive language based on sexual orientation is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Everyone is entitled to an opini
The term "fa--ot" is offensive to many people and so should not be used in a political commentary.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Using gender as the butt of a joke is a low tier accomplishment that middle schoolers achieve regularly
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
that is below the belt. maybe he did not have the facts right but not enough to call names.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
The use of this kind of racist word is not tolerated and will be removed
You using a person's race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
Requesting that HATE filled words not be used is not to hinder anyone but instead to provide a place where there is no fear of verbal abuse
Using sexuality as a way to insult is only showing of your lack of creativity
What is the point of using that language you can make your point without it
The word faggot is a highly offensive term and can be classified as hate speech directed at the LGBTQ+ community and is unacceptable.
that language isn't helping you make your point... not all women are the same or have the same views
The word cunt is a highly offensive term and can be classified as hate speech directed at women and is unacceptable.
What's the point of all this hateful terminology who cares what other people do if it doesn't affect you we all have different experiences
Attacking a user with hate speech and vitriol is no way to win an argument.  The racism homophobia and transphobia present is unacceptable
Stop bashing peoples' political and sexual choices.
what is the use in using this language it isn't helping you make your point or get listened to
The word faggot is a highly offensive term and can be classified as hate speech directed at the LGBTQ+ community and is unacceptable.
Using words to demean a person's gender are neither productive nor careful.
There are actually tons of women in positions of power.
Based on one person's actions you can't generalize an entire country or gender group. Wake up!
Using words that profanely refer to a person's gender are neither productive nor careful.
Cheating is wrong regardless of the gender of the offender.
Using hateful language will not help anyone ever.
I don't think you actually understand what that word means.
That would be a medical condition people are born with. Hope you feel better about yourself.
I guess you didn't like it. Hard to tell under the hate speech.
There are so many verbs and adjectives in the English language. It is not necessary to use a word that is a medical condition.
Everyone agrees she's in the wrong the name calling takes away from your point though.
Using that word doesn't get your point across and in fact makes people not take you seriously.
Using words to attack a person's sex will not promote a sound conclusion to your argument.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and/or religion which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Hate speech doesn't help anyone. Let's have an intelligent conversation without resorting to hateful name calling.
Using negative words that refer to one's gender identity or religious affiliation do not promote understanding.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and/or disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
What does name calling have to do with this conversation? Let's be adults people.
Such an eloquent respone. Too bad you had to ruin it with hatful foul language.
A hateful comments don't help any of these victims. Don't stoop to the same level.
I see your point but there's no reason to use such an offensive term.
She isn't necessarily racist so much as lazy. Keep to the point.
We get it. You don't like this person. There's still no reason to refer to her in this way.
Not pretty but neither is your colorful language...
It's just not necessary to use such an offensive term to make your statement.
Actual names would be helpful not your idea of what they should be named...
Using 'cunt' as an insult is offensive to women because its a direct attack based on gender.
Lighten up this is just a chat room you don't even know him.
The 'c' word shouldn't be used in any context
Using 'retard' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
The use of the 'r' word was incredibly offensive here
Using 'retards' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
That remark is rather extreme you'd sound smarter by not using it.
You shouldn't use offensive terms just because you're angry
Using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Come on you'd look smarter by not using that word.
You could have just said women
Re--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
This is a random place to put such a hurtful word and you certainly didn't need it.
It would be helpful just to answer without insulting people by calling them a "retard."
"Ending retardedly" isn\'t even a real word. How about offering a critique which doesn\'t insult people but rather uses facts?
C--ts" "Re--d(ed)" and "re--rds" are each offensive unnecessary and should be avoided in this forum.
You should make more friends from these groups so that you understand why they feel upset.
Calling someone a "cunt" or "retard" is insulting and hateful. How about using other words to express your outrage.
referring to someone as "cunt" is not only hateful but it is not a very good way of describing someone.
These are real people that you're talking about and they would be hurt that you said this about them.
Calling someone a retard isn't very nice.  It's a form of hate speech which lowers the level of communication on online communities.
Woooow you must really hate women.
Hey intellectually disabled people are people too. Please don't use them as slurs.
Hey let's censor the n-word. It belongs to black people not to us.
We are talking about humans not rabid animals.
Heyo if you think you're better than these people you shouldn't use slurs to refer to them.
Just call them a moron or something.
I don't think whether people are intelligent or not is relevant to the discussion.
There are soooo many more creative words to use than this.
That woman might be disabled. For that matter using slurs outs you as a terrible person.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
While I appreciate you being upset about the sexist title using retarded in that way is just another way of bringing people down.
You're very quick to judge and label someone mean-spirited while being so yourself.
They are used as insults yes but that doesn't make them any less bigoted or hurtful to people. Gay people still have to deal with it.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
I think it should be possible to have a debate about religion without breaking it down into a I'm smarter or you are dumber than me argument
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Not sure why the sexism but please watch the language.
The "N word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
This is incredibly disgusting. This language is not acceptable in any way.
The "N word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
This is horrible. This language is not acceptable in any form.
"Ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
I see this conversation is getting heated. Watch the language please.
Watch the language. This isn't appropriate.
The 'c' word isn't a word that should be used it's offensive
This is beyond inappropriate. This language is unacceptable.
Your statement was offensive and used terms that should not be used.
Watch the language. This is not acceptable.
There really isn't a good enough reason to use the 'c' word
I understand this is a heated topic but watch the language.
There's no reason to call someone the 'c' word
You'd have more success swaying people's opinions if you didn't use that word.
The headline was shocking enough your comment doesn't really add anything to it.
Hey now do not use that sexually vulgar word when posting.
You'd get your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use that word.
Whether it's racist towards whites or blacks it's still racist.
This is an interesting perspective but it's hard to digest when you use a word like that.
Yikes harsh name calling isn't necessary on this thread!
Woah! please do not use inappropriate language when talking about religious figures.
It's very hard to understand your point of view when you use that word.
She does not represent all women thankfully!
Please do not use vulgar words when voicing your opinion
This was a good argument until it got derailed with the racial slurs.
Avoid using racist terms when posting on different feeds.
Retarded" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
Using the word retarded as an insult is hate speech do not use it here.
Ableism in your comment makes it hard to take anything you say seriously.
since it offends many
The word cunt when used as an insult against a woman is hate speech do not use it here.
Using offensive slurs don't add anything to the discussion.
Can't take you seriously when you use ableist slurs.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and sexual orientation in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
This language is completely unacceptable and disgusting. This is your first and final warning.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
That's incorrect. Regardless this language is not appropriate for this subreddit.
I understand you have strong feelings but its hurtful to use vulgar insults for those that actually have mental disabilities.
Thousands of adjectives available and you choose retarded? Come on.
I understand you are frustrated with the situation but its hurtful to use vulgar insults of people with mental disabilities.
Why do you have to use the word 'retard'? Wouldn't bigot or rube fit better without maligning the mentally handicapped?
I understand you are trying to by funny but vulgar insulting words can be hurtful.  Its important to respect others when making posts.
Clever but come on. I think men and women are equal constructors of this thing.
Using the term 'cunt' like this is an attack on women and is not constructive to the conversation.
You did not have to say something like this.  you could have passed right over this post and never commented this term.
Using the term 'hooded faggot' sounds both race-insensitive and possible like an attack based on sexuality. Please stop.
"Faggot" is just a word that people/trolls use to goad an emotional response from someone. Let\'s have a real conversation
"Retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. Don\'t be that guy
My son also thinks this generation is out of hand and he's 15. I think sometimes he is 15 going on 40.
Please use language that is respectful of different abilities.
These classic video games is where it all started. We have really gotten so far away from just playing games.
Please use language that is respectful of different sexual orientations.
Unions are not all that bad and protect people. For Gamers to go and make such a fight makes no sense.
Disagreeing with someone ideologically doesn't mean you should lump entire groups together and make generalizations with hateful speech
Men can also be emotionally high strung people there are negatives to all politician lol
these comedian went on stage to do a job. keep it professionalRude and offensive terms are needed to voice opinions
That kind of nasty language isn't helping anyone understand each other
I'd be more apt to agree with your point if you didn't use that word.
Use a different term for women.
I understand the point you're trying to make
There are sooo many other words you can use like dumb stupid obtuse or is your vocabulary just that small.
Keep your language civil. Just because you are mad doesn't mean you should speak like this.
It seems like you just hate women.
You should work on your language skills in regards to women. It will take you far.
Ret---ed" and "c--t" as used here are offensive and should be avoided.
Do not use offensive language to communicate your point.
Ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
You can communicate your point without using offensive language.
Please don't use sexist language to express your disapproval.
You're allowed to think someone is unintelligent but your language is unnecessary.
Fa--ot" as used here causes offense to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary
This post contains strong homophobic slurs they have no place on this forum.
You can communicate your point without offending a whole group of people.
Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Please communicate your point without using offensive language.
The 'f' word isn't a word that should be used to win internet arguments. It's derogatory.
Suicide and derogatory names do not make the point more valid. Refrain from using these offensive comments when disagreeing a subject.
Kids Keep it civil and use your language skills.
You shouldn't call people the 'f' word. It's derogatory and completely unnecessary.
Derogatory words do not change what this guy has done. Refrain from offensive comments.
You can get your point across without being uncivil.
The 'c' word is derogatory and should not be used.
You should use language that is a little less trivial.
There are people who have BDSM interests but that's different than this conversation.  I wouldn't sink to anyone's level by abusing back.
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
I think there's a lot more to the output or at least perceived output of anyone than just if their male or female
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
It is okay to have strong opinions but when you use that language is makes you sound prejudiced.
Your comments are very inappropriate in a discussion about underage children; your attraction or the child's sexuality isn't the focus here.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Please remember you're talking about an eleven year old and perhaps not be so disgusting.
refrain from using derogatory terms in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Calling names because you don't agree with something doesn't help anyone.
I think we should focus on the positive interactions in this situation.
I understand you think she is rude and quite ridiculous
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
If we state opinions without calling names it makes the comments more credible in a discussion.
Do not use a persons disability as an insult to others.
Using a word to insinuate that someone is stupid when it is a medical condition people are born with does not help get your point across.
Avoid using vulgar sexual terms when voicing your opinion.
That word is totally disrespectful.You're trying to make a point that you have an open mind while using a heinous word to get your point
Abstain from using vulgar words and using a persons mental disability as an insult.
Just all around offensive to women and special needs people. Using hurtful language doesn't help anyone.
Body shaming is just bullying. Everyone sounds so bitter about people they don't actually know and just assuming everything.
You all must be pretty miserable. Especially because I'm reporting you for using slurs.
The other poster was right you need to calm down a bit.
Please be kinder with regards to your own intelligence and the intelligence of others.
Thank you for showing us what a terrible person you are! I will take my vagina elsewhere and not engage with you further.
Ah yes let's set the response standard to what you post just insulting.
No comment on the veracity of this article but please be kinder to women and refer to them with less harsh language.
Sexual assault can be difficult to prove regardless not all accusations without evidence are malicious.
I don't think referring to someone with a derogatory name for a person with a disability promotes a productive conversation.
Using negative words based on sexual orientation to refer to other is not nice.
n/a
There's no reason to use words like that.
There are a lot of other words you could use beside 'cunt
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
It's not right to make fun of mental handicaps.
You're unlikely to change the other user's opinion if you refer to their daughter with such vulgar words.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Relationships do still hold merit
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
n/a
Your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
You don't have any proof that the increase in Muslims in the UK is linked to terror attacks there.
Your post uses speech that denigrates religion which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Equal rights doesn't mean men and women have rights to hit each other. Violence is wrong and illegal both ways.
Instead of name calling maybe you could state what she lies about and prove it.
Instead of name calling please tell us something about the person's actions and why you disagree.
Using those terms in their context doesn't mean equality.
Sometimes people just make faces and and shouldn't be labeled as anything in such a hateful context.
I'm not really sure labeling anyone as mentally disabled should be used for someone that complains.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
It doesn't really matter what anyone likes It is up to them and only them.
You can't generalize a group of people just because of a few individuals. How would you feel if someone did that to you?
I really don't think we need to be belittling firefighters!  They do a tremendous service to the public.
One's job title has no influence on their individual character. The collar or social status is only that. It isn't a defining mark.
You don't know what other people are going through in their lives or what is the true cause.
While I know of some people who have had vaccine injuries it still is not ever right to put down anyone or use disparaging language!
Vaccine injuries are very real but not all Anti-vaxxers are alike. Some have very legitimate concerns for what goes into the human body.
I can agree that she probably would be worse off at the healing lodge but I don't think it is necessary to use hateful or vulgar language!
Consequences should apply no matter what. A life is a life.
I actually think this is a good idea because private businesses should be just as responsible as everyone else if they are enabling bullies.
People deserve to feel safe no matter how they identify so long as it does no harm to others they contribute all the same to society.
I agree with the last post and I'm a female!  However
Physical strength isn't limited just to men. Women can weight train just as well as men. But to lump all together holds everyone back
I can't even read what you wrote let along get offended by it.
I agree that if she used her race to gain attention by lieing that i not ok.She is mentally not ok but calling her a cunt is crossing line.
Using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Using this slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Using the slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Can't decipher your point through all the anti-woman hate talk.
I understand you response but the choice of words  you use makes no one want to take you serious.
Using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Use of the words retard and retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this and no one here is making any sense.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your character.
I don't think addressing each other by using derogatory names will advance any kind of understanding.
Please review your words and say them in a way that doesn't express such abhorrence.
It's very hard for me to want to listen to your point of view when you use those words.
Your point of view becomes invalid when you use that word.
It's very hard to understand your point of view when you use that word.
I don't think regarding others with a derogatory word for a mental disability promotes understanding or intelligent conversation.
Please re-frame your thoughts so they aren't so hateful.
You'd have more success swaying people's opinions if you didn't use that word.
Watch the language. You're toeing a line.
Use of the c-word and insults here is not acceptable because it demeans women and is hurtful and offensive.
This language is misogynistic and disgusting.
Watch the language. This isn't appropriate.
I'm sure you're very proud of yourself but there's absolutely no reason to refer to women in that way
The use of that word is derogatory against women and will not be tolerated here due to our no hate speech policy.
I agree that what she did was heinous but there's no reason to potentially offend a bunch of females in your comment.
The use of that word is offensive against women and will not be tolerated here.
You using a person's gender as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are
Retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. Don\'t be that guy
Provoking discussions are surely more effective without using offensive slurs regarding the handicapped.
Retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. Don\'t be that guy
Calling someone this term doesn't make your argument better.
Consider the topic of discussion next time before resorting to hurtful slurs regarding the handicapped.
Retard" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. Don\'t be that guy
Perhaps examine your use of the word 'retardations
Retard" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. Don\'t be that guy
Better your argument or comment don't just call someone names.
Perhaps use a term more appropriate next time this is a slur against handicapped people.
Don't use that word! It's terribly offensive to women.
Do not use vuglar sexual terms when responding.
The c-word is not acceptable because of its offensive and hurtful nature that affects all women.
You should not use vulgar sexual terms when replying to others
The slang of the c-word is just not acceptable in decent conversation even if not meant to be offensive.
Don't ever say that word
Hey dont use a persons disability as an insult to others.
This r-word even if not intended to be offensive is hurtful - because it is associated with people who have disabilities
That's a terrible word
Do not use sexual terms as that when you post on this feed.
The c-words used here are just offensive and hurtful to women in general and this is not acceptable in our discourse.
That's rude towards gay people
Woah there! Avoid using offensive terms regarding sexual orientation.
The slang is offensive and harmful as it denigrates people with a sexual orientation other than yours.
Let's watch the language. This is a warning.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of Content Policy and User Agreement.
Use of "the r word" may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
This language isn't appropriate. Be careful.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Heyo
Using the c-word here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable.
I don't know what that word means. If you're not comfortable telling me what it means you shouldn't be using it.
Using the slur here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable.
Hey guys
Using the c-word here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable.
Using language like 'cunt' is inappropriate here. We can disagree with each other without being nasty.
Using the c-word here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable.
Being aggressive and hostile does not get to the heart of your argument. Make a real argument here so that we can address the true issue.
Please use words that are less abrasive and more encouraging.
Calling someone a 'white faggot' shows your own failings.
Please refrain from the distasteful remarks as they are offensive.
Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
I see you are upset but please express yourself with more friendly words.
Please show respect for others and use less hostility in your speech.
I perceive that you have some concerns but please use language that is less combative.
In the US we all get paid overtime after 40hrs unless you're salary I agree a 1 week vacation for all ft workers would be nice.
Rethink your words please and use utilize ones that are less quarrelsome.
Despite the subreddit this content is not appropriate. This is your only warning.
Stop using medical conditions as insults.
It boils down to women are leaving in record numbers now because we're able to live independently which wasn't the case 100 yrs ago.
Stop with the gender based insults and misogyny.
Stop insulting others due to political choices and medical conditions.
Next we need a law where if you're caught over and over lying about these things you go to jail.
There's no need for that language. This is a warning.
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
I don't understand why a great movie like Star Wars had to be ruined this way.
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
College kids are just misguided we shouldn't judge the entire future generation by a few bad eggs. They're still figuring things out.
The funny part is most of you guys making fun of students are college students yourselves.
Retarded" disparages the differently abled. Don\'t be that guy
Your use of the r-word undermines the rest of your argument.
n/a
n/a
He's right
Don't use words that are damaging to others' reputations please.
Feminists just want to be equal to men. If you are angry about it just be quiet. someone dying their hair pink shouldn't make you angry.
You can express yourself better by using the C word. Not as offensive.
Explain your thoughts in a way that is less contentious please.
You are using trivial words to get your point across. Try using the "big C" instead
I understand you have feelings that are quite emotionally charged but please use words that are not so sordid.
It clearly isn't against the rules here on reddit.
It is not appropriate to attack people based on their religious affiliation. Debate their ideals not their religion.
I think the word you meant to use is "stupidity
We shouldn't degrade people with disabilities in order to express our disagreement with someone else's actions or thoughts.
Men are believed all the time at their word. Which is one of the reasons these women have to speak up; the men have been believed all along.
It is completely inappropriate to degrade women based on their gender let alone using terms that are degrading to people with disabilities.
The use of the word "cunt" in unnecessary and is not acceptable in this forum.
The use of the word "cunt" is unnecessary and unacceptable in this forum.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
The use of the word "cunt" is unacceptable in this forum and unnecessary.
You using an entire race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
Using the words "nigger" and "autist" is not acceptable in this forum.
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Using the word "cunt" is not acceptable in this forum.
You need to keep the anger out of you conversation. Talk like adults to one another.
Alright. Let's try to keep the conversation adult.
You're putting some very nasty words in their mouth with no evidence.
You both are using language that are minimizing both your intelligence as well as your arguments.  Back off the language people will listen
There are other words that can be used here. African American for example.
Wow man you had me until the foul language.  Back off on that and we can continue the conversation.
I need to you find a different word that is not so derogatory.
That's a really ugly opinion to have
C'mon back off the language a bit and we can continue to discuss.  You point loses validity though when you drop those words.
We are adults. Try to use adult language to get your point across.
Referring to these women in that way (even if they are acting entitled) makes people less likely to take your comments seriously.
You two are a hoot. Saying you'd rather die than deal with difficult people because they are women. I hope you solve your issues
I need facts on why you think France contains all communists.. Name calling is a way to avoid giving facts to back up your belief.
Calling people uncivilized and using slurs in the same sentence takes away your credibility
I'm pretty sure if someone attempts (or commits) suicide it doesn't change their sexuality.
Says a lot that instead of making a detailed response all you can come up with is "kys faggot"
Let's not use that term since it insults women.
Using the slur here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Hey let's not bring the intellectually disabled into the discussion. That's an entirely different set of problems.
Using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Let's not bring the intellectually disabled into this.
Using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
While you have strong feelings on the subject please keep the language clean.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Please do not single out the mentally retarded. They're not the ones you're taking issue with here.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Please refrain from posting slurs and be instead be articulate with your strong feelings.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and/or sexual orientation in violation of Community Guidelines and TOS.
Personal insults don't help the debate of a topic at all.
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around
You don't know the reasoning why the sign was removed
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around
You're capable of making your point without belittling someone because they disagree with you.
Using the slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Use of the n-word to insult someone is bigoted and has no place in this conversation because it is so offensive.
This nonsense has no place around here.
The current divisions in our country aren't helped by attacks on each other... clean it up guys
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
I agree that a grown woman shouldn't be getting attention from children and knows better. Lock her up!
I don't think we can judge people's intelligence without knowing more...and labels are a bad idea
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
As a woman I can assure you we don't get equal pay. Every job I had
Careful with the labels...and I'm sure you'd agree that there are some smart people in all parties
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Please don't use that term as it is very offensive.
Please refrain from referring to others with derogatory language as there are better ways to get your point across
I'm sure you are able to express your dislike with more positive words.
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across.
Please don't use disrespectful terms for men or people with disabilities.
Rise above the hate by using non-hate filled language #stayabove
Your words reflect some opposition
Women deserve more respect than this term conveys.
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across.
There is no reason to use a term which offends disabled people.
Please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive
Suspend or ban any accounts that user foul language or have software that doesn't allow foul language along with monitoring for any sexism.
fuck off back to the middle east' is an attack on an ethnicity and is not constructive to the conversation.
The level of ignorance it takes to downplay the evil of the KKK is absolutely astounding
Monitor closely for any negative religious references along with banning members who use foul language in the subreddits.
It sounds like you are taking one bad experience with a former lover and automatically labeling all women as evil
Suspend accounts that use foul language and make any references to sexism and stereotypes associated with genders.
You are really making a lot of generalizations about another race and then complaining about racism. Seems pretty ironic
Suspend or issue warnings to any accounts that use excessive foul language and make stereotypes about specific races and cultures.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Yeah
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Hey guys
To use mental disability to call something stupid only shows how uneducated you are on retardation.
Please do not use offensive language when attacking others
Don't get so angry about it
Do not use someones disability as an insult.
Please refrain from attacking others for their opinions on sensitive subjects such as abortion.
Why call her queer when she probably isn't
Hey now! Please do not use that vulgar language on this site.
Please refrain from attacking others for their sexual orientation or using sexual orientation as an insult.
Please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language
I'd be more open to listening to your perspective if you didn't use that word.
Please remember if criticism is not constructive all your doing is making yourself look simple
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your character.
what about their behavior makes you define them as such? general statements close of conversation
I understand you have a point to make but it's very hard to take it seriously when you use that word.
devaluing humans with words like that devalue your point
You'd be more persuasive if you used a different word for that group.
Please explain what about them makes them lesser as the term you used implies? no one is lesser
Re--rd" and "sl-t" are offensive terms that should be avoided here.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Omit gender offensive language.  Refrain from belittling words especially when describing individuals.   Avoid sexually explicit language.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Avoid gender-offensive word(s).
Ret---ed" even as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Remove gender-offensive words.  Omit words that offend the disabled/handicapped.
Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Avoid indecent word(s) as references for describing individuals.
Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Avoid language that offends the handicapped and disabled. Avoid words that fuel religious animosity.
Please lose the ableist language in your comment.  It's not helping your argument and it makes the sub look bad.
Using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
The hateful ableist language in your comment overshadows the point you're trying to make
Using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please refrain from using the hateful ableist language in your comment.  It really doesn't help your argument or add to the conversation
Using the r-word here hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race and/or disability which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please lose the hateful ableist and sexist language in these comments.  It does nothing but detract from the conversation you're having
Using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Clean up your language. It will show your intelligence.
Another sign of this being a toxic community is the flagrant use of slurs. Stop it.
While I appreciate lively political discussion I don't think the intellectually disabled should be brought into it. Especially with slurs.
Try to keep the derogatory language to a minimum. It's not needed to express yourself clearly.
Hey let's not bring the intellectually disabled into this. And let's not use the idea of a vagina as an insult please.
Your language and points that you bring up show a lack of character.
I am not entirely sure how I feel about feminism but I am sure that we shouldn't use hurtful words or call anyone names.
Try not to use words like "c***" they show a lack of character.
I agree that it is wise to be aware of things and obtain knowledge but I do not believe the use of harsh names is necessary.
Your language shows a lack of character.
It's sad what some people are driven to do but I do not believe calling them hurtful names and belittling them is not the answer
Everyone has an opinion and we need to treat each other with dignity and respect without using derogatory terms.
This is definitely a complex issue but I believe name calling and hurtful speech never solved any disagreement.
If your goal is to have a conversation with people
Arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around
While I support your judgements of hate crimes being wrong calling people intellectually disabled perpetuates the climate that causes them.
Hey
No sense in the degenerate namecalling.
Actually being disabled is a protective class! In that we are human and it's morally wrong to hurt us! Or to use us as insults!
Hey guys let's stop stigmatizing the intellectually disabled by using the R word. We want this to be a place we can be proud of.
Please don't use the r-word in your posts. Intellectual disabilities are not rare and that word makes you look less intelligent.
Wow buddy you've got a lot of aggression there. Women should be allowed to have whatever attitudes they want towards sex without shaming.
Such hateful and sexist remarks serve no use. These are real people and real victims. Show some respect.
Hey women wanting equal rights does not equal Nazism. Also be kinder to the mentally ill.
Let's act like adults and not resort to hateful name calling.
Assaulting anyone is not only a crime but morally wrong. No one wants to be hit so let's all be kind to each other today.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs as an insult towards others.
Please refrain from using derogatory language when speaking about others.
My son was given a partial and as a woman I didn't know the difference. He hates it now that he's older.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult as well as speaking negatively about an entire gender.
The Prisoner of Azkaban isn't funny at all.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Please refrain from using racial slurs when commenting on this platform.
Yea it's getting to the point of signing a consent to talk to a stranger
Your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Please refrain from using racial slurs on this platform.
I don't think calling one of the main character out for being really fucking stupid adds much to your argument.
Using mental disability as the butt of a joke is a low tier accomplishment that middle schoolers achieve regularly
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
These slurs are hateful and offensive ways to describe people and lower the discourse.
Use of the c-word is not acceptable as it offends women because of its hurtful nature.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Please take a moment to read these people's stories and consider their pain.
Using broad hurtful strokes against groups... any group... hurts individuals
I can see that you are hearing people's opinions but you're making an effort not to internalize them.
Generalizations are always dangerous things in any discussion and hurtful labels never help matters
The poor Simpsons!  I love that show. I don't care it's always a good laugh; humor at it's finest.
This is a pretty extreme conclusion to jump to especially in support of that idea.
I feel like it makes you more comfortable to assume that women are stupid than that they have concerns.
Hurtful labels hurt good people...and don't help the conversation along
You're oversimplifying violence to make a political point.
Hurtful labels hurt lots of good people remember...and not worth the weak chuckle it might give you
Let's rephrase how you described their logic.
5. That's a slur stop it. 7. You're not a psychiatrist stop pretending you get to diagnose people with autism.
That word is derogatory towards women--let's rephrase.
Gendered inflammatory language has nothing to do with this incident
Try saying that again without the slurs.
Stop pretending people you disagree with have a mental disability.
Offensive language based on disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Hurtful labels hurt lots of people remember
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Hurtful generalizations and labels hurt good people remember
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Sexual slurs don't help any conversation
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
The slurs don't help any conversation and would be best left out
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
The generalizing slurs aren't helping your point...your comment would be a lot better without them
Using the "c---" term may offend women and so should be avoided.
Please don't use an offensive and derogatory term to xpress your opinion.  This is wrong and has no place in our society.
This forum does not tolerate offensive language.
"Ret---ed" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here.
The use of offensive language is prohibited.
Using the "c---" term may offend women and so should be avoided.
Offensive words are strictly prohibited.
"Ret---ed" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here.
Offensive words are prohibited on this website.
"Ret---ed" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here.
Please don't use the r-word in your posts. Intellectual disabilities are not rare and it is offensive.
Name calling leads to nothing but confusion on the actual premise of the comment.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
The foul language shows a lack of knowledge as to what the topic is about.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
The foul language used has greatly taken away the point of the discussion.
Using the word retarded is hurtful for people with mental disabilities.
I hear people use that word to disparage a lot on here. Not sure why it's so popular.
Yes because making fun of disabilities is cool...
Using the word retarded is offensive to people with mental disabilities.
I hear people use that word to disparage a lot on here. Not sure why it's so popular.
Using the word retarded is offensive to people with mental disabilities.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
The word retard is used too often when you can't find an appropriate way to fight against something or someone
Using the term retard is offensive to people with actual mental disabilities.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this. So sad that people use that to insult.
This is your grandmother. I still don't know how this reddit thing works
Cultural appropriation is a serious issue that steals cultural identity. This comment is just bombastic and no culture is involved.
I gave up dressing up as Strawberry Shortcake only a year ago.
I care about what they don't like. And furthermore
Let's refrain from language like that and listen to the other posters.
I don't agree with the removal. That is part of history regardless of it being negative or positive it's history.
Hey
Forgetting your apartment FOB is not a crime or a reason to die.
She was wrong but if he was actually a criminal she would of stopped a crime in it's tracks. This conversation wouldn't be happening.
You can't remove words from their meanings and history
Even if that was common on another site that terminology is not encouraged or acceptable to use.
FIFA Pro's should know better and act more mature than that.
It's a woman's place to comment about women's issues.
I got to say I do like how Jordan Petersen doesn't hold back on commenting.
Call her anything but the C word that word is fowl
I hope you realize that word is very offensive to some.
Retarded should not be used in this context it is offensive to those who are truly retarded.  Faggy talk there is no such thing.
Nobody can focus on your arguments when every other word seemingly is derogatory.
I hate the "c" word.  There are so many other descriptors out there that are not vile or offensive.  Call her a bitch.
I totally get your point but back off a little on the harsh language.  Your argument becomes diluted by using those words.
Your argument was solid and I completely agreed with you.  You shift the focus from your points onto you though when you use words like that
There really is no reason to use the 'r' word like this
The 'r' word is offensive and shouldn't be used even as a joke
Women don't play doctor. They go through the same training and have the same knowledge as male doctors.
If you were a doctor that actively believed in what he was doing the Hippocratic oath would not be null and void.
There were better words you could have chosen instead of the 'r' word
The name calling makes people lose sight of who is being discussed.
No use in using hateful language doesn't add to your argument
Even sarcastically using hate speech only detracts from your argument
Using homophobic slurs doesn't make anyone look intelligent
The name calling shows a lack of vocabulary skills.
Use of "the r word" may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Ableist slurs don't make any sense in this conversation.
"D--bag" and "c--t" are offensive and bigoted terms and should not be used in political discourse.
Doesn't make sense to use offensive language to get your point across.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here.
Using ableist slurs isn't adding anything to the conversation.
The "n word"" is demeaning offensive and so does not belong here.
Using the term "c--t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
No reason for that sort of offensive language.
Using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
my mouth does not belong down there 9/11 was not a joke
This term shouldn't be used as an insult.  It's offensive towards women
Using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
They stand up for every human being.
That term is derogatory towards mentally challenged people and shouldn't be used as an insult
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Broadcasting is everyone's right and you can not comment on refugee as Canada is a country made my refugees.
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
I have said enough and i don't have any hidden motive so let a man go of with some dignity
Using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
There was a reason for this censorship and you can read it all about it on the news.
Really no one has the right to tell someone else how many children they can or can't have.
This speech attacks women
This term can be viewed as misogynist in itself.
Calling women names and saying they aren't physically fit enough to do work in a field environment is incredibly ignorant.
Avoid using the term "cunts" it is considered offensive regardless of the context.
Please refrain from using the word "cunt."  Many find it offensive regardless of the context.
Calling an entire group mentally disabled because they don't agree with your beliefs is beyond ignorant
Please refrain from using the term "retards."  Many find it offensive regardless of the context.
Calling somebody retarded instead of actually attacking their points makes it obvious you don't have any strong response
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Ableist language is insensitive. Enough so that you will receive an IP ban if you continue to use it.
Sexist language is not accepted here. Keep that in mind in the future if you would like to keep your account active.
Using the slurs here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people.
Neither ableist nor sexist language are acceptable here. Both of you have received your warning.
Using the slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates homosexuals.
Keep the homophobia off this site or face a permanent ban.
Stop using gender based insults.
I wouldn't say a person who like sex in public is a sex offender. That is pushing it.
Stop using a gender based insult.
This was a very good lesson she can take into adulthood with her.
Stop using gender based and medical conditions as an insult.
She was wrong but at her age she doesn't understand why probably. I blame the parents for the way she was raised.
Stop using gender based insults.
It is awful that she still wanted to go on this trip after killing her friend.
Stop using racist insults.
Maybe I am old but memes just don't do much for me. I try to use them but it's kind of childish.
You should try to keep the conversation civil.
Using derogatory language about women doesn't help support your argument
Using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations
You can use other language to describe women you don't like. Try it!
Try Stupid person or dumb person
Bad choice of insensitive language which is derogatory to women and is definitely not necessary.
I'm not sure all women should be grouped into being the same group as that's sexist and talk of abuse should not be happening anywhere.
Some of the worst jokes I have heard referencing roasting women and saying that they treat men like dogs just is not funny.
This makes you seem like you look down on people with mental disabilities instead of looking like a valid opinion.
Trying to make an argument whilst using such offensive language just does not work cut it out.
Hey! You can state an opinion without using such language. Go ahead and give it try. You'll see it's easy to comment kindly.
Disagree with a person but no violence here.
That's a bit aggressive but I get why you're upset. We should probably take a step back and see the situation from another perspective.
You're judging a book by a cover. Stop.
You are right; It is often bad to judge a book by it's cover. However sometimes our natural instinct to do so is correct in it's assumption
A body part has nothing to do with this conversation.
Using offensive language doesn't really make you seem intelligent.
I know she is annoying but calling her such would just be an impression of myself not hers
Suicide is a very real issue. I don't care if it's men or women we're all human.
Using offensive language isn't contribution.
Disgusting I know but she must had been mentally sick.
Good because I was abused by my ex-husband. The thought of killing my kids to leave never crossed my mind.
Using offensive language doesn't help your case.
It could be but we cannot correct a wrongdoing by another incorrect behavior.
Police should act more respectful and professional.
Cops need to start being more professional it's out of control.
Maybe you don't like the perspective
Ableist slurs aren't a great look.
I am sure you feel big and strong talking like that but you sound like a bad comedian
Edgy racism is not nearly as funny as you think it is please grow up.
Well I suppose he won he got $6m. Lets move on.
Yeah definitely no issues of your own to work out. Get therapy.
Only write the first part of your answer the point is still made
If the c word is left out the sentiment stays the same
Please use language that is respectful toward women and minorities.
The last word is offensive and irrelevant to the point
Please use language that is respectful toward different abilities.
The word is not needed and could be omitted
Please use language that is respectful toward different abilities.
Replace the word with women or girl and it is not offensive
Offensive language based on disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Offensive language based on race and disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Mentally challenged people have good hearts more than others without disabilities.
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
There is no solid proof that Hillary Clinton lead us straight into Iraq and Libya on false pretenses
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
$20 an hour is not below minimum wage.
Using the word retarded as an insult because you disagree with someone is not acceptable.
Calling someone names in anger never solves any problems.
Making jokes that refer to disabilities are not acceptable or cool.
Using an acronym doesn't mean it doesn't hurt someone
Woman hating how original... /s
Racist views are hurtful and derogatory. Please be considerate of others when posting
Hurtful terms don't really help the conversation
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that thought.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Hurtful terms don't really move this conversation along
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that kind of point of view. How sad.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Good people in all groups
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this. Do better.
Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
"Ret--d(s)" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families.
It is funny because I recall in school being taught girls were smarter. I don't think it really matters either way..
"Re--ded" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families.
Tw-ts" is a sexist and offensive term and does not have a place in political discourse.
If a woman is weak I don't think she would be going shopping or even need a bra fitting.
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
"Fa--ot" as used is patently offensive; the term should be avoided.
I wonder if there was a video or police cam on this one. Might be interesting to watch.
Both "tw-ts" and "c--t" used here to refer to women are offensive and should be avoided.
I just heard he got his ex-wife pregnant. Not sure if it's true but then that throws out the never getting married again theory.
We shouldn't make mockery of people's disability please.
I'd be more apt to agree with your point if you didn't use that word.
Being middle-eastern does not make them terrorists. Please check your racism bigotry and mysogynism at the door
Everything is wrong with this I don't know if I can even try to begin to tell you what you said wrong.
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
"Cocksuckers" is offensive and while colorful does not impart exactly your reason for disparaging this person
"Retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being disparaging for the differently abled. However moronic and idiotic have no stigma
To begin with learn different words for stupid and second well I cant even begin on your views of 14 year olds.
"Faggot" is no longer socially acceptable after having been a disparaging word for a group that\'s severely persecuted in history
Then maybe Reddit isn't for you.
Why do you have to use such a demeaning and derogatory term? You could have expressed your opinion using some other language
Would be easier to respect your opinion without the ableist slur.
Women's parts are not something that should be used as an insult
Why do you have to use such a derogatory and demeaning term? you could express your opinion with different language.
I see you delight in others's pain. Your mother must be proud of you. Especially with how you refer to women.
Derogatory terms are unnecessary just be friendly to other people
Sad that you think using derogatory slurs is funny.
Can't really respect your opinion when you think it's okay to use derogatory language like that.
Please do not use language and phrases that are demeaning to women.
It is never okay to use slurs against other people. You can dislike her all you would like but don't be rude.
Please do not use language that is demeaning to those with disabilties or women.
Making fun of people with disabilities to get your point across is not okay. There's also other words instead of slurs against women to use.
Using the slur here hurts and demeans gays alienates and is not acceptable.
Says a lot about you that you can't just use the proper term
Using the slur here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable.
So many words that could have been used instead of just calling them retarded
Using the c-word here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable.
All of your comments along with feeling the need to call them a cunt is really telling about the type of person you are
You need to improve your language.  Derogatory/demeaning terms are not needed to get your point across so please stop using them.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
This language is unnecessary.  You could have passed on over this post and never even used the language that you did.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Using the c-word and calling people whores is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Its he said vs she said so you shouldn't just flat out insult these women. Two sides to every story.
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with disabilities.
Well the great thing about a TV show is that you can turn it off. No biggie.
Using the slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Calm down friend its just bad reporting.
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Times do look crazy at the moment but don't add to it.
Using retarded as an insult is hateful to many people and unacceptable for use here.
You\'re not really doing yourself any favor using the word "faggot". It just makes you look ignorant.
The insult faggots regarding the LGBTQ community is hateful and unacceptable on this forum
The thing you disagree with her about has nothing to do with her being a female.
Similarities aside saying a violent fascist group is the same as a group calling itself anitfa for "anti fascist" is just wrong.
Using retarded as an insult is unacceptable hate speech do not use it.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
This a downright offensive slur that demeans all woman and this should be obvious to you.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
This is a slur that is cheap and offensive and lowers the discourse.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Stop using gender based insults.
Using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Stop gender bashing.
Using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Stop gender bashing.
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Don't put down people for their political choices or medical conditions.
Please refrain from making personal attacks on others wether or not you agree with their actions.
Using ableist slurs don't make you seem very intelligent.
I feel bad for the elderly. Especially those without family to help them.
Offensive language doesn't really belong in any intelligent conversation.
Not really. I have a 4 year degree and I cannot find work. Either they say I'm overqualified or they just don't hire me.
YouTube changed the copyright policies and everybody lost money including them.
Using offensive slurs don't really add to the conversation.
Poor guy was assaulted for doing the moral thing; terrible.
Judging someone by their belief system only makes the situation worse as everyone is entitled to their own opinion.
Using homophobic slurs isn't helping prove any point.
Everyone is different in their own unique ways.
Please refrain from using terms that have a derogatory connotation regarding sexual orientation.
You should try to watch other films if this one only brings hate out of you.
Please refrain from using terms that have a derogatory connotation regarding sexual orientation.
She has a name.
Please refrain from using terms that have a derogatory connotation regarding gender.
Your opinion is hard to take seriously when it's laced with ableist slurs.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this. You seem like an irrationally angry person.
Using misogynistic language doesn't help get your point across.
You seem obsessed with women
Using ableist slurs doesn't really help any point you're trying to make.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Abuse comes in many forms and it doesn't matter if you're a man or woman.
There's really no reason to be using misogynistic slurs in any commentary.
I'd love to hear what your mom thinks of that
I don't think anyone can make a claim like this without strong data to back it up.
This statement is not backed up by science.
Hey poor white people don't deserve to be criticized without warrant. They have enough problems.
It sounds like you're the bitter one to me. And please don't use hate speech.
Stop using gender based insults and promoting violence.
Use of the c-word and violent language here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans women.
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Stop using medical conditions and sexual choices as insults.
Use of the slur here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates homosexuals.
Calling someone names doesn't give a good impression of them only an impression of the user of the name calling.
Stop using sexual and political choices as insults.
Use of the slurs here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates homosexuals (even if you are bisexual).
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Don't use a medical condition as an insult.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Don't use gender based insults.
Imagined being so bad at life that seeing people being beaten is the highlight of your day.
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Right whatever you need to tell your brain to convince yourself that women can never be right.
Using gender as the butt of a joke is a low tier accomplishment that middle schoolers achieve regularly
If you feel strongly about an issue put your efforts into solving the problem
Please refrain from the ableist language in your comments.  It's not helping your argument or adding anything to the debate in this thread
Maybe you could put together another means of paying respects to these men instead of spending your time to bad mouth her.
Using sexist language in your comment isn't benefiting your argument and it's not adding anything productive to the sub's conversation
I agree it's stupid but I think we can do better than using a word that disparages the differently abled.
I think ridiculous would be a better description.
The ableist language you're using in your comment is not adding anything remotely productive to the thread.  Please refrain in the future
I think the term alt-right is vague and I can see how the journalist classified you as such
I think you could find better ways to say you don't agree.
Please refrain from using the ableist language you've used in your comment.  It adds nothing to your argument or the conversation
Not sure what anyone is hoping to accomplish with the disrespectful comments. Seems there are a lot better ways to get your point across.
Using the ableist language you've included in your comment is not adding to the debate in the thread in any way.
You can express your opinion without using offensive language.
Please express your opinion without using offensive language.
A term used in this post has been deemed as offensive and unacceptable to use on this site.
Do not use language that is hateful and completely disparages an entire group of people.
Do not use language that offends half of our population to make your point.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult when speaking about others.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs when speaking about others especially the LGTB community itself.
Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
Perhaps reconsider using the word 'faggot' next time.
Such slurs have no place in our conversation because this denigrates homosexuals.
Use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
Consider why certain words here could be deemed offensive I'm certain that was not the aim of your point.
Use of the r-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with a disability.
Considered whether offensive and accusatory language is really appropriate here.
Use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women..
I'm not sure a hateful slur was really necessary to make this point.
Use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Stop with the gender bashing and medical condition insults.
Offensive language is not necessarily in this discussion.  Each of you have opinions that can be expressed without using these terms.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this. Do better.
Violent language against people with disabilities does nothing to further your argument it just makes you sound ignorant.
They shouldn't of gotten rid of Chuck in the first place. No way anyone can do better than he did.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Spitting on anyone is just so disrespectful. But I don't think it should be a reason to fire someone.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this.
Using language that is violent towards people with disabilities does nothing for your argument it just makes you sound ignorant.
Nobody needs to be hit. The lady should of acted like an adult and been respectful of others. We are losing this in the USA.
This language is violent and unnecessary. Using slurs does nothing for your argument except make you seem ignorant.
Mad max can be far right and still have his own desires behind closed doors.
Is that any way to talk to a stranger user? Keep that kind of language on 4chan
Please we are both fortunate enough to be able to pay for dinner lets move on.
There's no need to use ableist language. You made your point clear without it. This is your warning before earning a suspension.
It is a good perspective on how woman feel regardless of who they are or what they suffer with.
Here's a reminder for you--don't use hate speech in your posts if you want to keep your account active.
Re---ds" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
That term has been offensive for years pretending you don't know that won't protect you from an IP ban if you continue using it.
It is considered morally incorrect to refer to mentally retarded people in that way so I would prefer that we didn't.
Hard to understand what you're trying to say when you use nothing but offensive language.
You know that less people will pay attention to you when you use language like that.
Hard to take you seriously when you think it's okay to use offensive language like that.
You point is valid but you lose some credibility when you use language like that.
Using offensive slurs like that makes it hard to take anyone seriously.
You all are making valid points to some degree but its getting lost in all of the vulgarity.
You're not strengthening your argument by using slurs
Following the law isn't about upholding old cultural norms. It's about respect. For everyone.
It's not a good look to use that kind of language just to insult a reviewer you don't like.
Instead of Jason and his journalism others out there are serving us bettter.
You're kind of making her point for her by acting like this.
Sounds like you are a bit jealous.  Sounds like you could do with a bit of attention.
Any little blue pill popping man will make even the prettiest girl act up.
Please do not respond to other users using sexually vulgar language
It's hard to take you seriously when you use derogatory language like that.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Please do not use vulgar language when posting on here.
Hey now you can get your point across with out using that sexually vulgar language.
Cultural appropriation despite the beliefs here is a thing. Whether it's bad is up for debate but I know slurs are. Stop it.
I agree that everyone is entitled to their opinion but I do not believe that using hateful language is a good way to get a point across.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and so are all other insults here.
Regardless if a woman is blameless I don't think that hurtful and vulgar language is an appropriate response.
Use of the c-word is hurtful spiteful and completely unacceptable as it is derogatory against women.
Please don't use the r-word in your posts. It is offensive to the millions of people with intellectual disabilities and their families.
I think asking questions is a great way to gain knowledge but using improper english is not always the most tactful thing.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Although it may have been deserved I don't think name-calling or using hurtful words is very productive.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable in decent discourse as it denigrates women.
Name calling only shows the characteristics of the person doing it.
Calling her that will not make you feel better about yourself.
Attempting to read something with so much foul language and find the point of view is nearly impossible.
It really shouldn't bother you so much if a he does turn into a she says more about you than them.
Name calling in no way shows the characteristics of that person but it speaks volumes about the one doing the name calling.
I seriously doubt that this person is mentally diminished.
The use of foul language shows a lack of actual information.
Im pretty sure your mother would not share the same views as you on this matter.
Using the foul language and suggestions of certain behavoirs makes the point of conversation disappear.
You disagree with feminism because the power structure plays to your interests. That does not mean it's inherently unintelligent.
No news editor should ever say diversity isn't strength. Our entire country is built on diversity.
Last I checked
I could never tell my grandmother she couldn't say anything.
Refrain from using offensive comments regarding sexual terms.
Men know what consent is. They also understand when they're using slurs towards intellectual disability. You know what you're doing. Stop it
Men know when a woman is consenting or not. That is just a way to get out of trouble.
Please dont use a persons disability as a term for an insult.
The problem you're talking about isn't a problem. It is the result of being together a long time and what marriage is built on.
Avoid using offensive terms regarding females in your response.
Maybe you would have more cordial relations with women if you didn't refer to them using slurs.
No man should ever leave a woman in harms way of an assault. I don't care how rich or poor she is or arrogant.
Woah watch your language when responding to posts. Do not use cultural or sexual orientation as an insult to others.
Using the slurs and hate here to insult hurts and demeans wpomen and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Just because I think different from you it doess mean you have to say those things
What the woman did was awful
Using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Thats your point of view relax
Maybe you are right but I dont think that is the whole true
Using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans and is not acceptable in our conversations.
You dont know the reality of every people. No one can affirm anything
Using the c-word here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable.
That language is completely unnecessary and should not be used to express your opinion
Don't use a medical condition to insult others.
Using the r-word here hurts and demeans people with mental disabilities alienates and is not acceptable.
Please do not use that term it is offensive to people with disabilities and has no place in daily conversation
Please don't use a medical condition as an insult.
Using the r-word here hurts and demeans people with mental disabilities alienates and is not acceptable.
Please do not use that term it is derogatory and offensive to people with actual disabilities and has no place being used in conversation.
Using the c-word and slur here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable.
Why would you want to use such fowl language to comment on something that has nothing to do with your life?
Using the slurs here hurts and demeans people other than you alienates and is not acceptable.
Yeah this is definitely going on r/AsABlackMan...
That word was used as a derogatory term for slaves and has no place in society today regardless of what color your skin is it should never
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Please do not use that word as an insult to someone that is unfair to the people that have disabilities
Please use language that is respectful of the differently abled.
You used a word that is hate speech toward people with disabilities and that will not be tolerated here.
Please use language that is respectful of different sexual orientations.
That word is offensive toward the LGBT community and will not be tolerated here.
The use of that word is derogatory toward women and will not be tolerated.
Please use language that is respectful of women.
I understand the anger especially if she is an animal abuser but the use of hate speech (including toward women) is not tolerated.
Yeah she's going to prison
This type of rhetoric is derogatory towards targeted groups and the point can be made without these words.
How original an insult... /s
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
It might be outlandish but let's keep the conversation civil. We're all entitled to our opinions.
This type of rhetoric is derogatory and the point can be made without these words. Please refrain from using such terms.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this. That's low.
I'm so tired of that word. Everyone has abilities and inabilities. Some men are louder to make up for other limits. We don't announce it!!
These derogatory terms such as "retard" and "arseface" are very uncalled for. Please watch your language.
Use more gender appropriation avoid slang and deragotory gender pronouns and descriptors.  Avoid harsh and aggressive adjectives and slang.
Feminists are just human beings fighting for their human rights. Please refrain from using the term in a negative context.
Avoid using term 'feminists
Women are not objects so you should not refer to them as such especially when talking about intercourse.
Avoid sexually explicit language.  Refrain from deragatory/slang pronouns to identify gender.
Ummm
"Bint" is a very hurtful derogatory term that should not be used to describe women. That was uncalled for.
"Retard" is a derogatory term and is an insult to mentally ill people. You should not be using that word with a negative connotation.
Avoid deragatory language.  Refrain from curse words when describing individuals.  Omit offensive language towards handicap.
The concern here is that real women are getting hurt this isn't a rhetorical exercise.
Stop using medical conditions as insults.
I don't think that you had any purpose to saying this except to insult people.
Stop using sexual choices as an insult.
Stop using gender based insults.
Considering the history of harm against gay people you should think twice before using this as a joke.
Stop using medical conditions and sexual choices as insults.
If you want to be taken seriously in this argument you shouldn't continue to use your reflexive insults.
Stop picking on political choices and bashing people for their gender.
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
How original an insult... /s
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Wow hateful
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings
I think it is more of a mental disorder to constantly cut others' down to prove your point.
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Even though she did something horrible we don't need to lower ourselves a level by calling her names.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
It is not a good idea to use the word retarded to describe people with different views if you want to be taken seriously.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
We should respect people with mental disabilities and not use derogatory terms to describe other things.
Hard to respect anything you have to say when you think it's okay to use ableist slurs.
Talking about women this way may be why you are having trouble connecting with them.
You might've had a good point
Regarding human connection this cynically is not going to help you to be happy in life.
One of you is wrong and one of you is right and both of you need to stop using offensive language towards women.
Using offensive language doesn't really help get any sort of point through.
These comments are clearly made only to upset people and you should take a look at people having a healthy conversation around you.
What a heinous and disgusting thing to say. I hope one day you grow up and learn to have shame.
Using misogynistic language isn't really helping anyone respect your opinion.
If you are worried about protecting girls you shouldn't be using sexist language.
There's no reason to use language like that just because you're upset. Think about all the women you're offending.
Using homophobic slurs isn't adding to the discussion.
It might be best to consider why these ideologies are received negatively instead of feeling victimized.
It makes no sense to use a term that is so highly offensive in this context. Reddit has a diverse user base and is not full of homosexuals.
People that have autism don't choose to have it and you should choose respect for people choose your words wisely
Please do not use mental illness as an insult when referring to others
Please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language when referring to others.
They don't deserve ridicule they need support
Please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language in comments.
There is not a reason in the universe for genocide. These people cannot help they were born and live where they do.
Please refrain from advocating genocide and using derogatory language as well as mental illnesses as insults.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
this language doesn't support anyone's argument bad people are bad people but not all women are involved here
What does this language add to anyone's argument stereotyping doesn't belong here
even if you don't agree with it using that kind of language and hate speech just perpetuates it and doesn't help your argument
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
how does this contribute to any argument it's unnecessary hate speech
Let's avoid this kind of language.
Defining someone by their gender and sexuality shows your narrow mindedness as people act out of their perceived norms all the time
Why do you have to use such offensive language to express your opinion? Those words should never be used to describe another person
I realize you're quoting...somebody
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Let's try to avoid this kind of language in the future. I understand you're quoting a movie
Please don't use offensive and derogatory terms to express your opinion about something this trivial.
I don't think there is a rape culture
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Putting others down and using foul language makes others not take the comments seriously.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Calling someone names shows how little of a person they truly are.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Calling someone such a despicable name shows the world your lack of intelligence.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
With all the name calling it is easy for someone to lose sight of whatever point the commenter was attempting to make.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
More moderators to monitor misogyny and a button that the harassed can use to  keep users who have harassed them from commenting to them.
Most women are perfectly wonderful don't generalize your feelings to all of them
Moderators can discourage useless comments that don't add anything to the conversation.
"Re---d" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
"Fa--ot" as used here causes offense to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary.
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
"Ret--ded" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
"B--ch" and "c--t" are hateful terms and detract from intelligent discourse. They should be avoided.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
Feminists is an acceptable term but probably using cunt is too much.
While I agree should we consider we would get a lot more agreement without the c words?
I don't understand what the gay community has to do with your disagreement with this person.
we can have a mature discussion without calling names. let us all be adults here.
We might get further intellectually if we get gone with the name calling. Worth a try?
This is exactly the problem. That word is highly offensive to many females. There's just no need.
we can have different opinion but we can state that without being too emotional
We were doing well until the lazy **** though/ I know it was meant conversationally but it really takes away from all. Make sense?
To answer the question of this thread--yes it is offensive in this use. Now that you've been warned further use could lead to suspension
Calling someone names is a sign of ignorance.
Using sexist language is not acceptable. Try actually contributing something next time. Such hate speech will just lead to suspensions.
Calling someone names is a sign of ignorance.
Misrepresenting an article won't lead to a ban but using sexist language can. Next time don't risk it and keep such language off the site.
You are making far too many generalizations with no evidence to back up your claims.
There's a lot to unpack here but the gist of it is this--using sexist language will lead to a ban in the future.
Women aren't foreign creatures they are human same as you.
If you can't express your feelings without using sexist language
She may be evil but using language like that takes away from your statement.
Cease the painful comments to others who are innocent.
The insult you used intends to hurt a specific group of people and is hateful
Tell me how you feel but leave out the damaging remarks.
Automatically dismissing women's opinions is extremly inapropriate. You are taking down half of the population because you do not understand
Let me hear your feelings without the degrading speech.
I don't know that I'd go quite that far but yes it was a silly thing of them to say.
Please do not use that vulgar term when describing others.
I don't think it's necessarily good to classify people like that. But I understand the point.
Do not use a disability as an insult to others.
Automod was dumb
I think it might be a bit wrong to refer to a nationality like that.
Woah! There is no place for that language here. Do not use those terms again.
I don't think that is a good thing to call them.
Please avoid using that term regarding a mental disability
This is an interesting perspective but it's hard to digest when you use a word like that.
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities.
You'd get your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use that word.
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities.
It's very hard to understand your point of view when you use that word.
Using 'retards' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities.
I understand the point you're trying to make
Using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women.
Using the word 'twat' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Use of the slur used here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women.
The thing is with lawsuits is that the victims never really get enough of the money. It is wasted on lawyers and specialists.
Everything you have said is somewhat acceptable other than using the r word for no reason.
I see that you were quoting someone
Both sides are out of control. Just like with racism there is no reason anymore in 2019 to have such a divide!
You're doing a good enough job making yourself look bad using language like that. Keep sexist language off the site or be banned.
Men have a right to stick up for themselves but honestly both genders need to just stop and get along again.
So rude without any reason! Let's move forward with some more positive dialogue.
Racism/homophobia are unacceptable. Continue to use the language or perpetuate the stereotypes seen in this thread and you'll be permabanned
Eating dogs might be acceptable in other countries but in America that isn't something we do openly.
This is a dumb joke and this entire thread should stop.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
You using a person's gender as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
I wouldn't drag people with disabilities like that. Do better.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
The more name calling I use the more right I am" -You
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
To use sexuality an of insult is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Stop using sexual choice as an insult.
1. inadequate expression :"shit track"\n2. inadequate expression:"screaming faggot"
Stop using sexual choice as an insult.
1. inadequate expression :"dyke rage"
It isn't funny or edgy to behave this way
Stop using medical conditions and sexual choices as insults.
1. inadequate expression : "some retards"\n3. inadequate expression: "stop oppressing me faggot !"\n5. inadequate expression: "to choke you"
Hey
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
2. inadequate word and expression: "Dumbass. Retarded fucking dumbass."\n4. inadequate expression: "Dimwit. Retarded fucking"
1. inadequate expression:"but racist taddle tales do"\n2. inadequate expression: "the black chick"\n3. inadequate expression: "kid retarded"
It's possible to have a conversation without resorting to slurs.
You'd get your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use those words.
Let's calm down on the slurs.
I understand the point you're trying to make but it would be more effective if you didn't use that word.
Heeeyy...you can find something else a little better to say than that word!
It's very hard for me to want to listen to your point of view when you use that word.
That's offensive to those who are mentally handicapped.
When you use words like those it reflects poorly on your character.
People sometimes get lower paying jobs while going to school or in-between higher paying jobs everyone deserves to have food on the table.
Use of the word moron and retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
You're throwing a really wide net to say the entire fourth largest continent in the world is a hell hole for people who are men.
There are women who are capable of loving someone just as there are men.  On the other hand there are people who are incapable of feeling.
Use of the c-word is offensive and derogatory towards women.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
The use of the c-word sullies the discussion here; use of this word is derogatory towards all women and not acceptable.
Hate speech isn't very attractive!  I think we can find more positive ways and words of expressing ourselves!
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care.
Attacking people based on race is unacceptable hate speech (even if done jokingly). Please debate with ideas not insults.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Please do not use slurs based on disabilities (e..g the "r" word). Your argument should be able to stand without it.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
Using slurs based on mental health (the "r" word) is considered hate speech. Please make your arguments without using on them.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Please refrain from referring to one's national origin
Attacking someone by using ableist slurs is no way to have an argument.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Please knock off the name calling.  You can express your opinion without using derogatory remarks that are incredibly offensive.
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Using the word 'cunt'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Using the language "Stupid cunt" is an attack on women and you should not continue to say this.
More appropriate words to use are "mentally handicapped" and "homosexual"
Please refrain from using language classified as hate speech in your posts including homophobic misogynistic or ableist insults.
Just because you don't understand someones sexual orientation gives you no right to insult them in the manner that you have.
More appropriate words to use are "homosexuals" and do not use the word \'degenerates\'
Please refrain from using language that could be classified as hate speech in this case homophobic insults. It adds nothing to the convo
a more appropriate word to use is 'technohomosexuals''
Please refrain from using hateful and homophobic language in your comments.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation.
the word 'homosexual' is more appropriate to use but shouldn't be used either in this case.
Let's refrain from using hateful speech in this case misogynistic and homophobic insults.  It adds nothing to the conversation of the sub.
While I understand you guys are frustrated these words are hurtful to people that aren't your intended target.
"Ret--d" and its variants offend many and must be avoided here.
Using "tw-t" to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
You made a very well-reasoned argument up until your unnecessarily sexist last sentence then you lost me.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
Must we add insult to injury in regard to mentally and physically challenged folks by comparing them to Trump?
"Ret---ed"  as used here is patently offensive; it should be avoided.
Ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Hey this conversation has nothing to do with handicapped people.
People sometimes will interpret things in a way you don't like. Don't cry 'unintelligent' when it could just be a difference in opinion.
C--t" and "re--rd" are offensive and hateful terms; please avoid using them in this forum.
You're trying to confirm your own biases and being unnecessarily harsh because of it.
It's better to assume ignorance than malice true but it's also better not to use slurs to refer to ignorance. See it as a teaching moment.
Ret--d" used here unfairly targets the mentally disabled and their families.
I wish you could meet the people that you hurt with this kind of langugae.
I doubt that blogger is as unintelligent as you say- not that it's a bad thing to be intellectually disabled of course.
since it offends many
Even if this story is true you went in with really racist assumptions.
I think you are misrepresenting black people. Please don't refer to them with that term.
Using foul language doesn't make your point more valid it simply makes you seem as if you have a lack of a vocabulary.
Do you have to refer to them in offensive language?
Defining someone by their social class is one of the easiest ways to look stupid.
do you even understand what you're saying
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
do you have to say retarded?
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
It's like that homosexual slur is the only word you know! You should definitely expand your vocabulary!
Please do not use the word faggot
Using the slur here to insult is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates homosexuals.
Making fun of a serious disease like is done here is offensive and hurtful to decent people everywhere.
I can't believe several posters are on here admitting they looked at illegal content. The hateful slurs used in your posts don't help.
Derogatory remarks are uncalled for
The insults levied here are all highly offensive to groups of people and as such this type of hurtful speech has no place here.
RAcial stereotypes are ignorant
Mocking someone's fear isn't col. Neither is the name calling.
Misogynist text is ignorant
Using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
This comment is ridiculously offensive to many groups of people especially lesbians. It is just unnecessary.
Just because someone likes someone of the same sex doesn't mean you're a bad person.
There is no way to stop recognizing how we're created. Yes a man holds sperm
The mocking tone and the use of retarded are both rude and offensive.
Just because someone has a different opinion than you does not mean they are dumb.
So I really don't see the issue between anime and fascism.
Just because you don\'t agree with what an author writes does not mean the author is "a retard." Much better words can be used.
Just because someone has a different opinion doesn't mean yours is better.
It is not sexist to hold women accountable
Being feminist does not make someone an idiot. Not all feminists play "victim" and telling them to shove it up their twat is so vulgar.
Just because someone has a different opinion than you doesn't mean they are less than you.
Using "Tw--s" pejoratively here is offensive and should be avoided.
Name calling does not make your point more valid.
Using the "c---" term and insulting the aged are both offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Just because you don't like someone doesn't mean calling them names will solve the problem.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Using "ret---ed" "fag--t" "tw-t" and/or "cu-t" are offensive unnecessary and should be avoided in this forum.
Using foul language and name calling does nothing to validate your point it only creates arguments.
Your insult game is mad whack.
Using foul language and talking down on others only starts arguments it doesn't make your point of view heard.
To define someone by their race shows your narrow mindedness as people act out of their perceived norms all the time
You really wanting something to be a fact and citing obviously biased carelessly done studies doesn't make that a fact.
Using foul language only shows that you either didn't grasp the article or you have a lack of a vocabulary.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
"Ret--dedness" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that viewpoint.
Both using the "c---" term and misogynistic hatred directed at women are offensive unnecessary and should be avoided in this forum.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. You don't seem like the most rational person.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is boring yet offensive--it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
opinions can be expressed without slander.
point can be made without derogatory.
The pejorative uses of "c--t" here is hateful and detracts from intelligent discourse. It should be avoided.
slandering individuals is only creating bigger issues.
Using "ret---ded" to mean low intelligence may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here
agreeing to disagree is whats best when conversations begin to escalate.
Using "ret---ded" to mean low intelligence may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here
Writing a comment consisting of nothing but a derogatory slur isn't really adding anything to the discussion.
That is a poor choice of words pick something better
Using offensive slurs thinking that they add to the conversation in any way makes you seem ignorant.
Lift your conversation out of the gutter you can do better.
Using derogatory language like that defeats the purpose of your argument.
Using derogatory language isn't any way to get your point across in an argument.
You have been flagged for using hate terms choose your words more carefully.
Just cause she's a lady it doesn't mean you should call her a cunt.
Please do not use sexist language in your posts.
Please do not use language that perpetuates racist stereotypes.
User 9 why are you so angry about this it isn't that big of a deal. Chill out man.
Even if she did abuse her mother you don't need to call her a cunt. That's a bit much.
You don't have to call someone retarded. Didn't your mother ever teach you that if you don't have anything nice to say don't say nothing.
It might not seem that deep but a lot of people do use video games to express internal bias. It's not right.
Using 'retards' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
its inappropriate to use words like cunt and retarded as they directly attack people based on their gender or mental illness respectively
You should respect people's religious beliefs and cultural experience.
Using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
None of you sound smart. Police brutality is a serious issue and you should try engaging with it in a more understanding way.
Its inappropriate to use words (retard and cunt)that directly attack people based on their gender or mental illness.
They are ableist as well as racist since that slur paints the intellectually disabled in a bad light.
Hey guys please do not use someones disability as an insult.
Don't taunt others when they're down. Especially not with slurs.
Woah there is no reason to use that type of vulgar term.
Avoid using those vulgar terms when posting in response to others.
There is no reason to use hateful terms regarding sexual orientation in these posts.
You can make the same argument and points without using this speech. It will make your post more enjoyable and readable
Females generally don't get passes just because they're female.
Simply find better words. This will likely result in you getting more upvotes and karma on Reddit. No one wants downvotes.
More moderators on this subreddit to cut down on misogyny
Disable the chatbox from typing offensive words.
The face she's making might just be her poker face.  More investigation would have to be done on her training.
If you cannot add something that furthers the conversation of the topic then do not post at all
Disable the chatbox from displaying offensive words
This comment contains a slur that is very harmful for gay people.
excercising your free speech by being offensive...nice
The r word is a slur that affects mentally disabled people. Even medically it's an outdated term.
a little much
Not only are there words being used to degrade women here the entire comments are degrading to women. Absolutely horrifying.
To be honest it's simple. We have somewhat free speech online. If I don't like what a person posts I just unfollow them or block them.
The real reason is because law and order has many different meanings in various cities.
I think she doesn't want to bothered today that's all.
Not sure who specifically you are referring to but you might want to explain yourself in more detail without the vulgar language.
Wow that is awful. Even if I don't really like my family I still have a moral obligation to be kind to them.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Please refrain from using words that are commonly regarded as derogatory towards women.
"Re----ed" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families
With the words you choose to use you are reinforcing a culture of hatred.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Using this language does not promote a constructive conversation on this subject no matter how horrible this woman's actions were.
"Re----ed" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families.
Resorting to hateful rhetoric is a poor way to support your point in any argument
C--t" and "cow" are offensive inappropriate and misogynistic terms; they should not be used here.
Stop with the gender bashing insults.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable in civilized discourse. It is an offensive slur that is hateful toward all women.
Retard" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families.
Use of the word retard and gay in this thread is offensive because it equates with being inferior and that is wrong.
Re---d" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families please try to avoid it.
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
Use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
While I agree that anti-vaxers are misinformed
My son had a bad reaction and now has mild autism and a rare muscular disease. So ant-vaxers aren't crazy. Just do your research.
Everyone is entitled to there opinion.
Let's not bring the intellectually disabled into this. Especially not with slurs.
Star Trek Discovery is awesome!
Making up words is literally how language advances. It is perpetuated by people using words they're not supposed to use
It is more of an aggressive personality if a player is triggered. Nothing to do with gender.
Hey guys
Every language has their good and bad words. Let's leave it at that and move on.
I don't understand how any woman would appreciate the terms you used.
Please refrain from making sexist and gender demeaning comments.
"B--ch" and "c--t" used to refer to women are gratuitous and offensive; they should be avoided.
Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families
I don't believe there is any event that vindicated the use of a word that condemns all women.
Please do not use language that is demeaning towards women.
This use of the "c---" term to refer to women is gratuitous and offensive; it should be avoided.
Using "tw-t" pejoratively here is offensive and should be avoided.
Please do not make comments attacking women.  Also refrain from using language that demeans those with disabilities.
"Retar---ion" offends many and detracts from the rest of your argument.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Tell me how you feel but please reappraise your language.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Please limit the negative comments that are demeaning to others.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Please change your words to ones that are more congenial.
Both "fa--ot and "c--t" are offensive terms and must be avoided in legitimate political discourse.
Remember that others have feelings so please reconsider the talk that is demeaning.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that language.
Not sure if you're trying to be deliberately edge but please watch the language in this subreddit.
Stop using gender based insults.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Watch the language please. This is not appropriate.
Stop using gender based insults.
Your point isn't wrong but you need to check the language.
Stop using a medical condition as a slur.
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
This conversation needs to calm down a little so I'm stepping in. Please watch the language.
Stop using gender based political choices and racist propaganda as insults.
While your sentiment is not wrong you need to avoid this type of language.
This is a serious medical concern. No need to start with the anti-woman slurs.
Homophobic language will not be tolerated here.
No reason to use homophobic slurs. Sexuality has zero to do with this topic.
This language is not acceptable. While you make a point this is not necessary.
This is a very interesting viewpoint despite your hateful comments suggestion the poster's lack of intelligence in your opinion.
Let's avoid this language please.
This type of language mocks mentally challenged individuals and has nothing to do with your point.
The name calling isn't necessary; just say they're stupid and  move on.
Hey i am retarded and very offended.  Retards are more intelligent than that lobotomized sponge.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
You're making a lot of assumptions about these people when you've never met them. They probably aren't nearly as bad as you think.
You lose you're arguement with me when you compare  use some of the terminology you do
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Trying to fight fire with fire here isn't going to change anything. You're allowed to be upset
You don't have anything more clever than that?
Racist views are hurtful and derogatory. Please be considerate of others when posting
Using a slur like 'cunt' doesn't make your argument any better
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
You don't have any proof that people with mental handicaps are dangerous. Look up some real data and you might change your mind.
Educate yourself.  This is an incredibly ignorant view and you should work on it.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided here.
What is the point of using that language in this context it is irrelevant
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
I don't think it's fair to lump entire countries together anyway we all have lots of different types of people with different ideas
Regardless of the context "faggot" is such an offensive term it should be avoided.
Why do you care what other people do with their lives it doesn't affect you
Someone's gender shouldn't be a reason to hate someone and not all men are terrible.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Even though the mom has done something terrible such as this the justice system will find the right punishment for her besides hanging.
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Sounds like you're speaking from experience. Do you want to talk about what your ex-girlfriend did to make you miserable?
She will eventually be punished but there is no point on stooping to there level and call people names.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
Revise content to remove negative comment re: sexual orientation
Stop using sexual choice based insults.
Slang term for female genitalia is not permitted.
Stop using a gender based insult.
Remove 2nd sentence in your comment please.
Stop using gender based and medical conditions as an insult.
Racist comments are not permitted.
Stop using negative racist terms as insults.
Refrain from using slang terms for people with disabilities.
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
You using a person's gender as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
Faggot" is no longer socially acceptable because it disparages a group of people that have been historically persecuted
Hey gay people are accepted now. Calling them slurs just outs you as a bigot.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Luckily ableist slurs are not institutionalized into the literature of computer science. However they seem to be wired into your brain.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Retarded" is not a cool word to use anymore. It was formally a word used to disparage the differently abled. Luckily we\'re more civilized
Hey guys I agree with your politics but let's not use the r-word.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
There is little going on here except for hate speech and that has to stop.
how is that comment helpful
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
No need to use that word.
No need to use that degrading word.
ideology doesn't have to lead us all to use hateful speech
Stop using political choices and medical conditions as insults.
These comments come off as childish.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Hey that term is offensive towards women. If you hate women keep using it otherwise don't.
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings
Hey the r-word has unfortunate reminders of the history of the intellectually disabled. Let's not use it and make reddit a pleasant place.
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Hey that word is offensive towards gays.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Just because someone disagrees with you does not mean their views are dumb.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
I agree that hate speech should not be tolerated here or anywhere.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
I think it's possible. A lady could spike a mans drink and rape him just like a man can to a woman.
Please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language when referring to others.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
It isn't the boogey that is being seen as bad it's the latter.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that view.
Whoever asks someone on a date (man or girl) should pay but if it's a friend with no romantic chance than no we're paying 50/50.
Please do not use offensive and/or derogatory language as an insult
Wow well men do this a lot too. Especially with younger women. They just trade the older model in for the newer one.
derogatory and sexist comments are hurtful and unwelcome. They do not reflect the values of the members here. Please refrain
I actually still use PayPal and my kids make fun of me saying nobody does anymore.
the use of racist and derogatory terms are hurtful and unneeded. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported to Admin
xenophobic and sexist terms are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments on this thread
You're last comment made you look pretty trivial. Try adult language.
The idea of a porn game is cool but not a headless body.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please show some respect to woman and refrain from these type of comments.
Omit [cunt]. This term is generally considered profane & sexually deragatory.
This use of the "c---" term to refer to women is gratuitous and offensive; it should be avoided.
Refrain from using deragatory descriptors (i.e. [retard]).   This term is considered bias against developmentally disabled.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive detracts from your point and should be avoided.
Avoid using profanity during descriptions.  Refrain from deragatory terms such as [retard].
"Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance.
Avoid using the term "retarded". Many users find it offensive.
I agree. Keep the bigoted terms to yourself.
Warning. Refrain from using the term "nigger."  Many view it as offensive in any context.
Try dumb or stupid instead of a derogatory term.
Avoid using the term "retarded" Many find it offensive regardless of the context.
There are a few words here that show you might be intellectually challenged. Try a little harder.
Avoid the term "retarded"  Many consider it offensive regardless of the context.
The user probably didn't understand how to create the content and seemed to be in an unfortunate state. Name-calling won't help.
derogatory comments are not welcome. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
That is entirely irrelevant to this conversation and also very painful to read and most important not true.
Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
Let's listen to what the original poster was trying to say. Calling anyone a c-word male or female is bad form.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
I agree that the language of the article was incorrect but there's no need to use that word to describe it. It is hurtful.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
That kind of language necessarily insults all women not just the one you are talking about
Your comments about feminists and individuals with autism are a violation of Reddit's content restrictions
Repeating this hateful language isn't helping though could leave it out
Use of that term to describe a woman is offensive and gender discrimination
don't think lumping all women into a categroy like this helpful though
The degenerate language being used makes everyone want to stop reading.
sexist and derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
This comment disparages half the human race with bad words and puts it off as fact.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
This has devolved into name calling it adds nothing.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Please try to be more sensitive on this issue.
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
Misogynistic hatred "Tw-t" and "ret--d" are hate speech and must be avoided in this forum.
That's not a respectful word
"Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
"Retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
"Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
"Retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
"Ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
"Retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
using the word 'retard' is considered to be albeism. Refrain from such words
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
It is not an appropriate to make fun of a persons mental development .
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
Please don't make fun of someones mental development by using it as a slur.
Using the word 'cunt'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
The word used as a slur towards women is not appropriate here.
Using the word 'cunts'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
The profanity used can be mistaken for hate speech towards Hindus and women refrain from using it.
using the words 'faggot' is offensive and homophobic. Refrain from using such words.
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
The use of a homophobic slur is unnecessary.
You don't have to call people that word
The foul language should be replaced in order for people to want to hear your opinion.
You can express your political opinions without resorting to slurs thanks.
Speaking such derrogatory comments speaks volumes about your character.
Regardless of your struggles being sexist is never okay.
That was probably the most ignorant
Replacing the foul language will make people more open to hearing your opinion.
Please educate yourself on sexual assault and rape culture.
Crude language may confuse readers on your meaning and intention.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
The damage has been dealt there is no reason to be rude as well.
Re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families.
That term refers to a serious medical condition. It doesn't mean what you think it does.
"Retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
He was already agreeing with you that she's in the wrong. No need to pull out the anti-woman slurs.
You are using pejorative and hateful terms for women in a demeaning manner. You are attacking this person on the basis of her sex.
I agree hate speech is antiquated and we're beyond it. It has no place in 2019.
If your mom is still taking care of you she deserves a medal not to be called hateful names!
What's wrong with that? You seem like an unkind
Totally unwarranted to use a slur regarding someone's sexual orientation as a response.
Using this term in this way constitutes hate speech.
If you don't like something you don't need to resort to hateful language to express yourself.
Please avoid using the term "cunt" to describe people. It is hate speech.
It's not nice to use that word when talking about the mentally ill. That was very offensive.
No reason to insult people with a disability while expressing your opinions here.
This comment is pure hate speech even the parts that are not vulgar. please avoid such speech.
As much as I agree with your stance it is not necessary to insult those with mental disabilities.
This type of language is offensive and your point can be made using other words.
That was a whirlwind of a statement it goes from nice
I agree with gender equality but using a derogatory word in your statement is counterproductive.
This type of language is offensive and promotes a culture of hatred. Please refrain from using these words in your argument.
You don't have to disparage a whole gender because this person wasted your time.
The use of foul language takes away from any point that is trying to be made.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
That's pretty inappropriate. How would they know which side of the fene you belong on
The name calling and foul language shows a lack of understanding of the topic.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Name calling only speaks about the name callers character.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
I don't feel it's necessary to use a word that demeans the differently-abled just to describe your feelings for this person
The foul language should be replaced with more proper verbiage.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
I think everyone would appreciate it if you saw yourself out of this subreddit. Thank you.
What is the point in calling people retards? Do you think it makes you look intelligent?
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
Nothing that any of you have said has been productive. Just taking pot shots at each other.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
SHould be ashamed.. misleading someone that doesn't speak english well enough.
Ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive
Both gender-based threats of violence and using the "c---" term to refer to women are offensive hate speech and should be avoided.
Referring to others with derogatory language undermines your points consider different language in the future
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
There are different ways to get your point across without attacking someones character
"Dumb c--ts" is a hateful ignorant and misogynistic utterance and so has no place here.
Consider using different language in the future that does not undermine your points with hatred
Using the "c---" term to refer to women far from showing cleverness is in fact offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Lets refrain from attacking someones character to get a point across. There are real people that find these words offensive.
Everyone needs to stop with the racist profiling. Not everyone is the same. I am blonde white female and I'm broke.
If you are trying to defend minorities using language like this does not help your cause.
You should at least try to listen to people's objections before you dismiss them.
I know 9pm doesn't seem late to some but to be out on Halloween it's a bit late. My kids never went out after 7 or 8
All you are doing is trying to silence women for disagreeing with you
If you want to be taken seriously in your arguments you shouldn't insult totally unrelated minorities!
I love Judge Judy! Nobody can call her sexist she gets on everyone!
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
It is ridiculous and harmful to suggest that women and Muslims are able to "get away with anything". You are fomenting resentment.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively far from showing any wit is offensive and should be avoided
Using "c--ts" to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
The "n word" in any context offends many so has no place in intelligent commentary.
106: your comment trivializes rape and falsely suggests that women you don't find attractive cannot be victims. 92: n-word is racist.
Dude
I don't think using words that perpetuate a negative sterotype show care or promote understanding.
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings or you will be reported
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
xenophobic and derogatory slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
You know
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please think about what you are saying before you comment.
Please withdraw the harmful language from your comments.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please know that there are consequences to your speech so take out the nasty language.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please eradicate the destructive language from your commentary.
Please think about how your words can negatively affect others feelings and remove the damaging ones.
Regardless of her opinion you should not call her that.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature make a productive conversation.
Not sure  who your referring to but that language is not appreciated.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Calling him that will not make you feel better about yourself.
I dont understand why everyone on this site uses that word when referring to a female.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Saying something like that is wrong I bet you wouldnt feel the same if it was your mother.
Using words to demean a person's gender are neither productive nor careful.
Please refrain from using derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It doesn't help your argument or add to the discussion.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts please.  It doesn't help your argument or add to the thread
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. Please stop or Admin will be alerted
Please refrain from including ableist insults in your posts.  It doesn't add to discussion or help your arguments.
Using sexist insults in your post doesn't add anything productive to the thread.  Please refrain from it in the future.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  You aren't adding anything productive to the sub with that.
Understanding that people with mental disabilities deserve respect is a good quality to develop.
Mental retardation is a serious medical condition. I'm sure that's not what you meant to mock with your comment.
I doubt the issue is about political affiliation sexual orientation or nationality. The issue is each individual standard of communication
I certainly support colorful language but that lewd phrase is highly offensive to women and isn't necessary.
It's not alright to use such a disrespectful term just because you can't seem to get someone to understand your point.
Calling someone that doesn\'t mean "stupid
Ret---ed" as used here is hateful may offend the mentally disabled and their families; and so must be avoided here.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Retarded" is a pejorative word that demeans people who struggle with learning disabilities/differences. It is hurtful to use it.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so must be avoided.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Retard" is a pejorative word that demeans people who struggle with learning disabilities/differences. It is hurtful to use it.
Both "ret--d" and "c--t" are terms of hate; and hate speech is forbidden here. So make your point without them.
Use of the slurs is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others.
Faggot" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans queer people. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
The term "fa--ot" when used pejoratively is offensive to many people and so should not be used in a political commentary.
Use of the slurs is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans gays.
are all forbidden here.'
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
Please keep the homophobic slurs out of your posts.  It doesn't add anything productive to the conversation of the sub.
Can we not use that word?
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs in your comments.  It doesn't add anything to the discussion in this thread
Why do you feel the need to attack someone explaining a medical condition.
That isn't nice to say.  Think about how a larger woman would feel if you told her this. Think before you speak
Hateful ableist language doesn't help your argument or add to the discussion of the sub.  Please refrain from using it in the future.
What are you even trying to say none of your sentences make sense they just make you look angry and hateful.
"Retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
"Retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
Just have to change one word and then everything is fine.
homophobic and derogatory comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Literally all of this is bad the bot is even worse. None of this is ok why would you think it is you wouldn't say this IRL.
You don't have to disparage the differently-abled to espouse your racism
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting in reddit
Just call them morons really its 2019 now you can handle this.
If she was so terrible a person
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments when posting
Regardless of my opinion on what you said you just cant go that far and use certain words.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please have some respect woman and refrain from these type of comments in reddit
You can call her a lot of things but not that.
Using someone's sexuality shouldn't be used for their gaming skills.
Let's watch the language please. This is uncalled for.
As a female I agree that she should be fired if she cannot take constructive criticism . Stop being so sensitive.
There's no need for that kind of language. Be careful.
No way! We have Charlie Angels; leave James Bond to the guys!
Both of you are toeing the line. Let's hold back on the language please.
The flossing dance was done before it even started.
Using a woman's gender to judge her is outright pointless.
I admit that I really am not as nice to fellow women as I am to men. I find talking to men just so much easier.
I understand your frustration but this kind of language is not necessary.
Oh wow... I didn't know this happened. The Feds do not play when it comes to wire fraud. She might get a lot of time.
I dont even understand what you are getting at.
Mindlessly using the "c---" term to refer to women and relishing gender-based violence are offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Im sure you have never been drunk and done stupid things.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
No need to refer to her as that Im not sure your mother would appreciate it.
No it is usually referring to women in a derogatory manner.
Don't bring gendered insults into it either
Your comment brought nothing to the conversation.
The level of disgust you're showing for another human being is upsetting.
This type of language is not appropriate and your point can be made without such derogatory words.
Every part of your comment was inappropriate for no reason. You could have easily conveyed your idea without being nasty.
The two of you are being so toxic to each other that there is no possible way for either of you to engage in civil discussion at this point.
Please try not to dicuss women's bodies openly and especially with such disgust.
This type of language has a history of being used in a derogatory manner against women. Please be careful in the words you use!
Why was any of this posted. From video to you three's comments nothing has been even remotely acceptable.
It's unfortunate that you see someone nonwhite and you don't even consider that they could have been cast for talent.
What does age have to do with any of the casting? Do the actors/actresses play their characters well?
Removing the foul language would make your point od view more understood.
Wow it makes me upset to see someone in this day and age still have this thought process about women. No doubt you don't have a wife urself
The entire comment is derrogatory and no one would ever take this seriously.
While it is understandable to be upset at this senator for her hypocritical actions we should try not to feed into what she's saying.
The foul language used needs to be replaced in order for anyone to take your opinion seriously.
I understand your message and what you are saying but
The foul language takes away from your opinion.
Listen guys it should be possible to talk about women you dislike without solely relying on sexist misogynistic remarks.
Speaking about woman in such a derrogatory way shows a serious lack of respect.
Please stop the abusive comments and use kinder words.
Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs in your posts.  It doesn't add anything productive to the sub.
Please take out the deleterious comments and use ones that are more encouraging to others.
Using hateful sexist language in your posts does not help your argument or add to the conversation.  Please refrain in the future.
Please don't use words that are so disrespectful to women.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your responses in this thread.  It doesn't add anything productive to the conversation.
Please take out the comments that are so destructive to women and use more objectivity in your speech to get your point across.
Any insults concerning sex gender or gender identity are unacceptable.
Please refrain from referring to others with derogatory language as there are better ways to get your point across
Insults concering an individual's disability are not permitted and are uncalled for.
Please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive
There is no need to use inappropriate language to express your opinions.
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across.
There is no need to use language demeaning someone's gender or sex to express your opinion.
There are different ways to get your point across without attacking someones character
It was totally unnecessary to use hateful language demeaning people with disability in your comment.
Lets refrain from attacking someones character to get a point across. There are real people that find these words offensive.
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Calling someone a name makes one look small and weak.
Learn how to spell 'Youre' before you start throwing shit at others.
Using that kind of language is the lowest form of name calling and makes it seem as if the topic is not comprehended at all by some.
I mean what? This is literally nothing but rage fueled gibberish.
Using the word 'cunts'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
The point of this comment is lost amongst all of the foul language.
There are much nicer words that you can use for people that disagree with you.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
Using "autistic kid" to label someone\'s intelligence is very unfair towards those with true autism.
Hi Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Pls and Thx
A girl's race does not need to be pointed out to judge her for how she is. You should not judge someone using sexual remarks about them.
Using someone's religion or beliefs shouldn't be used to judge them.
Let's try to avoid foul language in the general chat to avoid distractions.
Please try not to be belligerent.
Let's avoid using curses or words that are likely to be seen as more inflammatory than persuasive.
There's nothing wrong with them wanting a new subreddit.
If we avoid the rough language it might be easier to get our points across/not shut down our audience.
Language like that doesn't exactly portray yourself as any better.
That kind of language doesn't help anyone understand your point of view.
"Retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
"Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
This comment is unnecessarily hateful towards mothers and women and demeans mothers in a harmful way.
Both "ret--ded" and "c--t" are terms of hate; and all hate speech is forbidden here. So make your point without it or leave.
Remember that we're trying to uphold a certain standard in our conversation and that talking in derogatory terms only hurts our endeavors.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
While it's obvious that this wasn't taken as offensive this could've been handled in a more friendly manner in case that didn't happen.
There are much better words that can be used to replace the foul language.
It is a miracle a spot was even open. They shouldn't of acted that way.
Name calling really takes away from the point that you are trying to make.
Ret---ed" even as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Having an opinion different from mine doesn't make you them a pedophile but sex with minors is illegal.
Name calling and foul language takes away from the point of the topic and creates pointless arguments.
Using stereotypes speaks volumes about your character.
That's not nice at all. You should apologize.
Using someone's gender and sexuality shouldn't be mentioned just to judge them.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
That could really offend someone.  You should do more research about other people's sexuality.
Keeping up with "retards" doesn\'t necessarily make them retarded.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Suggesting that women in general are "useless" and "lazy" is ridiculous and harmful. You are over-generalizing from specific incidents.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
34: suggesting that underclass people are to blame for their poverty because of "bad genes" is ridiculous and encourages eugenicist ideas.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
"Faggot" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans gay/lesbian/bisexual people. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
Use of the slur is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans gays.
2: Your characterization of women is ridiculous demeaning and harmful. 3: It is unacceptable to make light of rape in this way.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
Well that escalated quickly. Try to keep your heads about you.
What do you think will be accomplished by continuing to associate negativity with the LGBTQ+ community? You should be ashamed of yourselves.
I understand that you're frustrated but this kind of language is uncalled for.
The "C" word is a compliment in Australia. They have an affinity for things down under. Not quite in the USA.
Although your opinion matters calling someone you don't know a cunt is just rude to be rude.
I understand what you're trying to say but this language is not appropriate.
Good thing that\'s not a real charge. "What is she charged with?" "I\'d rather not say your honor." There is a better way to make your point.
Do you believe calling them "retards" will change their view to yours?
You disagree with a group.. so they are bots. Sounds an awful lot like the stereotypes you are accusing that group of to me.
I'm sorry this happened to you but this kind of language is not appropriate.
That shows a huge lack of morals.  And please stop insulting the female genitalia it's not their fault!!! =)
I agree that person was a less then admirable person.. still no need to call her a "cunt".
Using hateful ableist language is not helping your argument or adding anything to the discussion.  Please refrain in the future.
Both of you are wrong. It's not polite to spam messages which no one likes
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything helpful to the sub's discussion
You had valid points until the last sentence. That made me disregard everything you said previously.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance to the discussion.
Please do not be so unkind when someone is relating honest questions. Your comment is not welcome here.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your response.  It adds nothing to the discussion or your argument.
Not everyone will agree with your vulgar and pointless attack on people because they are different from you.
Using hateful ableist language in your post is not adding to the discussion.  Please refrain from using it in the future.
yes he does sound like an Incel but lets not fuel that by personal attacks.
some women exploit ugly men emotionally like some men exploit ugly women sexually. its not all of either party.
You wrote a decent supporting message really to be ok its jsut one word to change otherwise keep being awesome!
Its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
Retard" and "fagot" are pejorative and hateful word that demean people. It is hurtful and harmful to use them.
xenophobic and derogatory comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
its offensive to use faggots and retarded they directly attack one based on their sexual orientation and mental disability respectively
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
Its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
Its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
Its inappropriate to use the word 'cunty' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
Please restrain from using the abusive language.
Its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
Give your comments without the hateful speech please.
This comment\'s use of the word "cunt" seems demeaning and harmful towards women in a misogynistic way.
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Please stop insulting those with disabilities and use more objective comments.
"Retarded" is a hateful word used to demean people who struggle with learning differences. Using "mentally challenged" in this way too.
using words like cunt and retarded is offensive since its a direct attack based on someone's gender and mental disability
Please use language that is going to state your point without degrading others.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disabilities.
You're lowering the level of this discussion by resorting to slurs like that.
The terms "c--t(s)" and "reta--ds" are bigoted terms of ignorance and so do not have a place in intelligent commentary.
You\'re making blanket assumptions about complete strangers but still accusing others of "brainwashing" that\'s awful.
"Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
sexist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments in this thread
I understand that you want women to be treated the same as men but siding with violence is not the answer.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
People from California and Sweden can publish whatever they want. If you have opposing opinions you're free to publish something as well.
Using foul languge takes away from the validity of one's point as well as creates pointless arguments.
sexist and derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
If you want your own religion to be respected then you should respect that of others. Also User 2 has no right to infer you are  "r."
Using foul language doesn't make a point any more valid.
racist and homophobic comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Just because you disagree with Beto doesn't mean you have to feminize his name or imply he's a homosexual.
I think it's best you think twice about what you are saying. You should focus more on yourself.
That's someone's sister or wife or mother. Just because she has a different political ideology doesn't mean you have to debase her
Please use more respectful words when referring to other groups and persons!
You don't have to disparage the differently-abled to show your frustration at not being racist towards who you'd like to be racist towards
Woah! Please be respectful in the words you use instead of resorting to derogatory name-calling.
It's not necessary to disparage a whole gender of people because this person made questionable decisions.
Please refrain from using derogatory name-calling which could be offensive to other users.
its inappropriate to use words such as  dyke as they directly attack people based on their sexual orientation
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding or show care.
Using the word 'retard'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Using the word 'retard'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
Using the word 'cunts'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
Using the words like retardation and psycho is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
Please have discussions with respect to all persons and groups. Using derogatory names is not constructive.
That's extremely racist and rude. You should delete your comment.
I know you aren't meaning to be insulting
Please use appropriate and respectful language when addressing others in the conversation.
"Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
Using name calling speaks volumes about your character.
I agree
Your comment is horrendously sexist objectifying women in a harmful way and employing the hateful sexist slur "cunt".
There are more efficient ways to describe someone other than resorting to name calling.
Removing the foul language would make people more receptive to your point of view.
All the name calling shows a lack of character on the name callers behalf.
Please quit being so wounding with your words.
Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Using foul language doesn't make your point any more heard by others.
Please think about how other people feel when you make these hurtful comments.
Name calling is a very childish act.
Please think of the consequences of your words before you speak.
Calling someone a name like that speaks volumes about your character.
Please exclude the unfriendly comments and use ones that are nicer.
Please do away with the damaging remarks to get your point across.
I don't disagree with your point
"Retarded" is a pejorative hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. Also not good to throw "autist" around.
Making fun of medical conditions isn't cool. I'm sure you didn't even think about that before you wrote those insensitive comments.
Not sure what's going on this conversation but this kind of language is not acceptable.
"Retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
That's not even remotely funny. Making fun of mentally challenged people isn't a joke.
Let's watch the language please. This is inappropriate.
Speaking so derrogatorily about someone makes you look like a small individual.
You could say you disapprove without mocking a serious medical condition.
I understand you're frustrated but you need to watch your language.
Using foul language doesn't get your point heard any more than not using foul language.
This thread is actually funny minus the name calling in the beginning!
This is a lot of back and forth banter for a topic that could be interesting if you stayed focused!
Not sure what's going on here but please watch your language.
All the foul language and name calling and none of it has anything to do with the topic.
Wow! He said thanks. The hostility is totally uncalled for!
Does using that inflammatory word make you feel better? You just demeaned a group of people that include your mother
"Retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
The preferred vernacular is "differently-abled" or "challenged". Don\'t be a brute
Your language and tone are demeaning and harmful towards lesbian women.
Why would women wanna be gay when they could be with someone as open-minded as you?
"Retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
Your usage of that pejorative is not necessary. You only intend to enflame with this language.
You are using the word "cunt" to specifically demean women which is a sexist slur against women and unacceptable.
You are aware that you are demeaning a group of people that includes your mother? Use new words. Do it for mommy
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
If you're a fat person too then you should understand why it's appealing to want an easy out.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided.
Its inappropriate to use the words 'bitch cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
Being rude like this isn't a good look.
This comment is evidently misogynistic using hateful slurs against women.
Its inappropriate to use the word 'twat' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
There's no reason to escalate to calling her that.
Using this kind of language doesn't add anything to the conversation.
"Fag" and "retard" are hateful words that are used to demean gay people and people with learning differences and should be avoided.
derogatory and xenophobic comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
I think you will find that many people with mental handicaps are actively striving for self determination within a capitalist society.
Your usage of gendered terminology will likely get your opinion ignored and blocked by the people who's minds you are trying to change.
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported to admin
The use of antiquated and imprecise language is really holding back your arguments.
hey sexist and derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
The internal workings and decisions of the legal system are quite arcane and have a lot to do with circumstances the public may not know.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments in reddit
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings while posting in reddit
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity or that describe a person with a mental disability are not productive.
"Re---d" "fa--ot" and "carpetmucher" all used here detract from legitimate discussion of gender issues; such hatred must be eliminated.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
I don't think using words that perpetuate negativity show care.
"The n word" and "k-ke" are terms of hate betray ignorance and should not be used here.
Such an alphabet soup of ignorant hatred and gross insensitivity merely brand the speaker as profoundly ignorant. Please avoid them here.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Please use words that are universally accepted and avoid blatant degradation
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Please be respectful to other users and groups! Derogatory words and names don't contribute to a meaningful conversation.
Please be mindful of the words you choose. Words that are historically considered derogatory can offend others in a public forum.
Everyone is entitled to their opionion
Using sexuality as a means of insulting people is ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are
Woah! Please use more universally accepted words. This rhetoric is offensive and derogatory towards women.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Use of the slurs is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others.
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Threads couldn't possibly be retarded
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Women have enough issues as it is please don't contribute to sexism.
Choose other words to describe females
There's no reason to use the c-word try broadening your vocabulary.
The way she looks has nothing to do with the content.
Cheaters are awful but there's no reason to bring sexist comments into this.
You are being extremely disrespectful to those suffering from mental illness.
These words can be very hurtful to people who are challenged
I agree
Let's not use the R word it's offensive to other people attack ideas not people.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disability and should be avoided.
Hey guys as a gaming reddit we have a lot of kids so let's tone down the language also User 1 stop attacking people.
"Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disabilities and should be avoided.
Don't use the R word it's offensive to people of different abilities not the people you're trying to make fun of.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disabilities and should be avoided.
I'm not sure what that is
There's no point saying something that means anything designed to deliberately annoy.
Your slur seems to be demeaning towards both LGBTQ and African-Americans. It is harmful to use the n-word lightly like that as a joke.
I hope that your use of that word doesn't reflect on your relationship with your mother.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
I don't get why people have to refer to women by that word.
All of you would likely know more about how women think if you didn't throw the word cunt around.
Not only the work "c--t" but blatantly misogynistic excreta like "dumb c--t" is hateful and forbidden here.
You could use another word that wasn't offensive to all women.
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
You're bringing down a reasonable discussion by introducing this kind of language.
Using words like "cunt" and using someone\'s gender doesn\'t makes sense when you try and judge their actions/beliefs.
I think you can both admit this conversation lost all point once you began to use such offensive language.
Using someone's sexuality to judge them is pointless especially when the judging is for no reason at all.
This is incredibly disrespectful to two women who are world class athletes.
Retard" and "retarded" are words that demean people who struggle with learning disabilities/differences not casual insults.
You're depersonalizing these people by using that kind of terminology which makes you less sensitive to them being hurt.
Please end the harassment of others by changing your hurtful language.
Replacing the foul language with better words will allow people to better understand your opinion.
Please discard the hurtful words that are damaging to others.
The use of foul language makes the comments unreadable to most people.
Please end the comments that are hostile and use kinder explanations.
How you feel about how a person is acting doesn't give you the right to refer to them in a hateful manner. Please refrain
Describing someone using such a derrogatory term speaks volumes about your character.
Even if you don't like the attitudes of people please use words that are more respectful.
hey there racist and sexist views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Hey there Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Stop using racist insults.
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Stop using gender based insults.
You aren't helping your argument when you use sexist and homophobic slurs in your posts.  Please refrain from it in the future.
The type of language you use is not appropriate and is derogatory.
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
Please use other language to make your point without using derogatory names and phrases.
The use of foul language makes it hard to understand what someone is trying to say.
I agree with your opinion but I prefer to use the term stupid.
The foul language used would be better substituted for a more appropriate verbiage.
Dogs are not the brightest animals but I do not think using that word to describe them is appropriate.
The foul language takes away from the   validity of the point that is being made.
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race or demeans a person's gender identity is not productive in conversion.
Use of the slurs here is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others.
Using the word 'retards'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
The woman in question was practicing free speech and expression
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thanks
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
Hey please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted. Thx
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
A word is more than its shock value
Hey Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thank you
Use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse because it hurts insults and demeans women.
Hey there Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings. Thank you
Use of the slurs here is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans other people.
All of the foul language and name calling speaks volumes about your character.
You are unfairly blaming societal problems on groups of people who you have chosen as scapegoats but who also suffer from the same problems
Name calling shows the kind of person you are.
First of all it's patently false that immigrants are unintelligent. Also you should be more sensitive to developmental differences.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
I think you are factually incorrect here engaging in hyperbole that is meant to vilify women.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively and its embedding is misogynistic rants  are each offensive and should be avoided
"Gay men...deserve to be killed" is blatant hate speech and must be avoided in this forum.
That's so racist and sad. You should think more before you type.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is never clever; it is offensive and should be avoided
This whole conversation is absurd
Twice in your response you used gender based hate speech. This kind of speech does not help you make your point. Please avoid doing so.
I don't think using words that demean a peron's gender are productive in conversation.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
She did apologize and she is a student. Hopefully it's a lesson taught and brought into adulthood.
Not sure why you think its necessary to attack someone over gender which has nothing to do with the story.
My ex told me that he hated not being circumcised and that it causes infection if not cleaned twice a day.
Demeaning people with disabilities while expressing your opinion on circumcision is totally unwarranted.
He is just trying to say that is what he finds attractive but at no times does it mean hate or racism. I have to agree.
Your use of outdated and insulting terms is unwarranted in this thread.
I might want to see this movie. It actually looks pretty good.
You can disagree with someone without using offensive/demeaning language.
I don't think only women caused this issue. I am in my 30s and bought 2 homes already and own a business.
Totally unwarranted to refer to older individuals in that manner.
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care.
cunt" is sexist.
Using words to demean a person's gender are neither productive nor careful.
Use of the slurs here is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others.
"Fag--t" and "ret--d" are hateful and bigoted terms. Their use here is unnecessary and offensive to many.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
Using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Hey there sexist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
If someone wants to act out or break the law they get arrested regardless if their a woman.
Some feminist get out of hand with the extreme ideology but not all.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
I am still sitting here shocked NYC had a parking spot open.
Hey there Please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
The stats do say history repeats itself. My mom was abused by her 1st husband and then I went on to go through the same.
R---rds" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
I think it's a good concept to be able to change the gender to what you prefer no harm done.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
Retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
Stop using gender based insults.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thank you
Stop using a sexual choice as an insult.
Stop using a sexual choice as an insult.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
Please be respectful to all races ethnicities religions and genders. Conversations are more constructive when we avoid derogatory names.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Please refrain from using derogatory and offensive names when referring to fellow users.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Please use more universally accepted words when referring to other people.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Woah! Please use words that are universally accepted. It is easier to have a conversation without resorting to degrading or derogatory words
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Please be respectful in the words you choose! Opinions can be expressed in a way that doesn't use derogatory names as a crutch.
Using sexist insults in your post isn't adding anything to your argument or contributing to the topic.  Please refrain from it in the future
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Please refrain from using sexist and homophobic slurs in your posts.  You aren't adding anything productive to the discussion with that.
Racist  and sexist comments are hurtful and derogatory. Please be considerate of others when posting.
Using hateful ableist language in your post adds nothing of substance to the discussion of the sub.  Please refrain from it in the future
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It isn't adding anything to the conversation in this thread.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. Please be considerate of others and their feelings
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs in your comments you aren't adding anything helpful to the conversation of the sub
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist insults in your posts.  It isn't aiding your argument or adding anything to the debate in this sub.
Retard" is an unacceptable slur used to demean people with learning disabilities/differences. "Islamic savagery" is extremely Islamophobic.
The hateful use of "ret--ds" and "retar--d"as well as bigoted speech directed at jews (whether called "juice" or not) are not allowed here.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist rhetoric in your posts.  It doesn't help your arguments or contribute anything valid to the sub
Retard" and "faggot" are unacceptable hateful slurs that demean people and are harmful in that way.
"Ret--ded" and "Fag--ts
Using hateful ableist and homophobic rhetoric doesn't add anything productive to this debate.  Please refrain from it in the future.
Ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Using hateful ableist language in your posts doesn't aid your argument or add anything to the conversation of the sub. Please refrain.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences.
Plenty of guys get away with worse! Don't be so quick to play the sexism angle.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences.
Making fun of mental illness isn't cool at all.
A conversation about car tastes does not need to turn into this dudes.
Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences.
Using that choice of insult is inappropriate. It mocks those with a serious medical issue.
Just gotta change one word.
That's not a very mature comment and adds nothing to the discussion.
Should just say nothing then.
What someone wears does not determine if they deserve to be harassed or assaulted.
You know that's a really rude way of speaking to others. You should apologize.
Hey there you should really think about who you could offend before making a post like this.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
"Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should not be used.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted and will be reported to admin
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue you will be reported
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please be respectful of woman and refrain from these type of comments
sexist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It isn't adding anything to your debate.
Using words that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature or that describe a person with a mental disability promote productive conversation.
Please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
Using sexist language doesn't help your argument or add anything of substance to the discussion.  Please refrain in the future.
While it was wrong it is hard for us to know the story and so we can't judge or call names.
91% of rape victims in the US are female and 9% are male. It's a tragedy no matter who is affected but women are disproportionally at risk.
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
This language is anti-black and belittling to women.
words like retard and faggot are offensive as they directly attack one based on mental disability and sexual orientation
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
You aren't really helping your point of view by throwing those kinds of insults at someone when trying to defend someone else.
Wow not cool. Lots of bad words in there. Be more considerate you probably offended someone!
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
That is so wrong. I am a female and this is what gives us a bad name. She deserves some kind of punishment.
"Fa-ots" and the "n word" offend many add nothing to intelligent debate. and so must be avoided in this forum.
That is terrible thing to say. My grandma never said that at all.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
I never understood why ladies thought it was ok to act up on Cinco de Mayo.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
I am not a big Ginsburg fan but I hope she is ok. I don't hate on anyone.
Anyone who has "gay friends" should know how many people the  term "fa--ot" offends. Such displayed ignorance detracts from any real point.
I never heard of that term but it's not really nice.
User 17 makes an articulate point but if you have an opposing opinion you can do so without calling him the "r" word.
You can be patriotic about America without calling the other party the "r" word.
This type of language is offensive and derogatory. Please refrain from such language.
Even if the movie was that horrible using the "r" word (both of them) so casually is out of line.
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
It could be more of a behavioral problem rather than a handicap.
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
That is a little harsh for a differing opinion. I think we should try to keep this civil.
Using the word 'retard'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
You could try to take on some more advanced material. If you aren't challenged you won't grow or feel like you have earned success.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Your points can be easily made without using derogatory names.
"Retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
"Retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
Hey now that is not appropriate language for this site.
Hey there racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings
Avoid using that vulgar word on this site.
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thanks
Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
Please do not use a term of sexuality in a hateful manner.
Hey there homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thank you
Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences.
Do not use a mental disability as an insult on this site.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
The word "retarded" is outdated and ignorant. I\'m sure you can come up with a better insult.
You can disagree with liberal views without calling them the "r" word.
I encourage you to get creative and think of ways to avoid using "retard".
The word "cunt" is a gendered slur. You can express your opinion without being hurtful.
I understand that this is a frustrating issue but there is no need for gendered slurs.
Her gender has nothing to do with the officer not deciding to handcuff her it was the officer's decision.
Settle down the speech please to words that aren't so revolting to others.
There is no need for gendered slurs dude.
Don't insult the lady she just didn't understand it was a teaser.
Please keep the hateful ableist language out of your posts.  They don't add anything to the discussion in the sub.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It doesn't help your argument and contributes nothing to the thread.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. It doesn't help your argument and adds nothing to the sub.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
Please keep the hateful ableist language out of your posts.  It doesn't add anything productive to the thread.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care
Hey there are a lot of people that I love would be hurt by you using this word.
I don't know why you would talk so cavalierly about serious violence against women.
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care.
This exchange is full of hate: "b--ch" "hoe" "the n word" misogyny hatred for Jews and Muslims--such uncivilized puerility must stop.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
I don't think using words that perpetuate a negative stereotype show care or promote understanding.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Both using "c--t" and ill-considered racial stereotyping offends most people communicates only ignorance and is not welcome here.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
"Ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
"Retr--d" "b--ch" and "c--t" are hateful terms and target people on the basis of sex or mental health; the terms are forbidden here.
Please expel the demeaning language from your conversation and use gentler words.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
Please get rid of the derogatory comments towards women and be more respectful with your words.
"Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Please avoid the damaging remarks and use a more softhearted tone.
Misogyny hate speech and the vitriolic use of the term "c--t" are not permitted in this forum.
Please use care with your words in expressing your opinions about elders.
Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
You can have a certain opinion on PC terms and express it without using the "R" word.
You dont have to use a metally dimished person in your example.
Those women were in the wrong but there's no need to use the C word.
You really dont need to use that language to express your feeling.
Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
You can disagree with the way Mozilla is being conducted without using the "r" word.
I know you can think of a better word to classify them instead of making yourself seem incompetent.
Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
You made such a good argurement then had to bring up the r word and totally kill my opinion of you.
You can disagree with User 6 without calling him the "f" word.
Surely you can find a better way to rebute someone than calling them that.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
While I agree that religion should be approached with skepticism there is little to no correlation between belief and intelligence.
I believe that they prefer to be called country people.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
While I like your point the derogatory term is a bit excessive maybe in the future call them food warriors.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
I would have called them obstructionists personally but I'm trying to avoid swearing and using other dodgy language.
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs in your post.  They don't enhance your argument or the discussion in this thread
"Fa--ot" as used here causes offense to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary.
Please be respectful in the words you choose. It can be hurtful to others.
Please stop using homophobic slurs in your posts.  They are adding absolutely nothing to the sub's conversation.
Both using "fa--ot" and racial bigotry are hate speech and so forbidden in this forum.
The words you've used are historically sensitive and considered very offensive. Please be careful with the words you choose!
Using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
These types of words are considered derogatory and offensive and can be replaced with more universally accepted terms.
Misogynism and use of the words "b--ch" and "c--t" have no place here; all must be avoided.
Please use more universally accepted words that do not target groups in a degrading manner!
Using hateful ableist language in your post doesn't add any credence to your argument nor does it benefit the discussion of the sub.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here.
He's right you should be embarrassed by your choice of words. Homophobic slurs have no place in this thread.
xenophobic and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
using the word 'nigger' is a direct attack to someone based on their race and its advisable that you refrain from using it
This was a respectable argument until the racial and anti-female slurs started flying.
racist and sexist comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments in reddit
using the words 'faggot fuckers' is offensive and homophobic. Refrain from using such words.
Your name calling isn't necessary. A simple request for a video would be adequate.
homophobic comments are offensive and hurtful to people and should not be used. Please refrain from using these types of comments.
Using the word 'retard'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Lie or not using that word is highly offensive and actually mocks a medical condition.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
