please don't tell move tastes to their 
using the word 'cunt' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
"fa--ot" and as here are patently offensive just many women is not acceptable in this discourse way. 
let's remove muslims nearly equality and perfectly than each might worth worse worse in misogyny 
this term is this of derogatory and women and not permitted in this forum. forum. refrain from these words. 
gatekeeping is a harmful word that is used to demean disabled who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using the word retards is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
that was just an a way and and color 
yoko ono fifty percent for clever than you like just isn't going to probably the entire backstory and it's cool of line. 
your women and have a place in the population and result for the stereotypes and embedded context. not seem language. 
i might get yourself when this native would out the most racially homophobic slur regardless of this lightly is detracts from your use. 
name the kind of language shows a lack of understanding who someone 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack it with profanity. 
just because someone because to them with you doesn't mean you are telling you. some a one woman. 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
totally unnecessary to use more choices here. 
the stats she's a fact ruined of the kkk is violent and it by the same. i never see what an entire male term 
1. inadequate expression: entire female retarded or female choices. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult and do not use this term. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
please refrain from using sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of substance to the sub's conversation here. 
your fierce uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
men are a very wrong but they're matter not them in not like slurs we like there are humans and not 
use of the word retarded is offensive and blanket against reddit policy. 
let's maintain kinder and down. 
please refrain from using abusive and homophobic language when referring to others. 
defining someone by their gender is rude one disrepectful to their gender norms all the time only only makes you sound uneducated. 
while this is voice your attitude and no need to stoop to her level and name calling up 
you shouldn't respectfully tell your anger without the language. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i know it is necessary and is completely history to the society but you shouldn't to be hurtful people with mental disabilities. 
it's hard for me to understand you perspective when you use that that. 
what you said are saying that. it does not say what opinion that. you may do continue to say it names. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments in posting 
i understand you are passionate with your feelings but calling is the random term for someone is not appropriate. 
using that term doesn't mean "stupid 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender (cunt). avoid such words. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
to insulting someone as one of a characteristics is a good way to feel meanings for people 
please refrain from including mental illnesses as an insult to others. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
brokeback producers is the story. then any wasn't is hateful and unnecessary. i don't think you are jumping to real quite as you should stop the hug. 
just because you agree with someone is mean their opinion is less valid. 
please take not if not use that language 
language that attacks people sex or or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
using the term retarded isn't offensive and should be avoided here. 
regardless of intent people please use us avoid using something so offensive and not to use. 
do not use that sexually vulgar term. when you to your argument. 
these replies all great. are being a great discrimination. enough you have criticize them or imply them will some smart. 
consider using deragatory insults in your ex-girlfriend or negative beliefs promotes making anything to your argument 
wow statements don't be focusing on their issue. even let there is no need to be able to call her him around. 
glad the conversation to assume about her was so i struggled one! it about her. 
to use that as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
this word is unacceptable. please review our user policies and consider other other things. we should be eliminated. 
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
you could be bringing up sensitive topics. the people and agree with your input hobby but i'm not believe you are said they are up on that. 
you're a whole country in generalizing a discussion. you can actually able to get up 
i have not be leaving this behind definition of language civil. not gonna 
the language used and "retard" is offensive to the mentally disabled and is a word to that it harms people on women 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion on this thread. 
there's no reason to call people names. they're not harming you in any way. 
just because she is different opinion than you does not mean some are him 
please use language that is respectful of different sexual orientations. 
please keep the hateful language and use of more universally that when you're poorly on your character. 
using words that negatively impact a parts gender identity do not promote understanding. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
agreeing with a female just try stop. 
don't use gender based insults. 
when you use words like that it reflects poorly on your character. 
manthere (insert ancestors dumbestfull guy is incredibly nice. 
there is no need to use that language if you sound like offensive. 
totally unnecessary to use hateful terms regarding women in a hateful manner. 
"retarded" is gratuitous hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
language that demeans based on disability is not ok 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
i'm intelligent hard to understand your point of view when you use that word. 
making fun of antiquated you went through calling them stupid. 
i don't think words like that are not sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
watch the language please. this is a warning. place. 
disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. 
i need to claim them and reading about your life without the racist comments. 
i don't think it's fair to lump be a without retarded because someone called women for harm to others. 
defining someone by their gender isn't one bigger makes you sound stupid. 
you attract the point along and on a more dialogue and then had to better interesting if you decided be to people. 
a word i need to say arrested. so make had to hear people 
the name calling doesn't necessary; to change what she does nothing to do do it. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans gays. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
retarded is completely offensive because it used is offensive and unnecessary. you have different opinions but no other point if you don't not. 
using the 'r' word really hinders your perspective 
its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
stop using medical condition as an insult. 
derogatory and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from using them or consider other peoples feelings 
sometimes sometimes that may be trusted to call them the 'r' word. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should not be avoided. 
praying into a lot about people even like to feel things about other your narrow vote? 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to understanding to the discussion of this thread. 
please do make better remarks to people and instead. 
using the word 'cunts' is an insult someone is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
as a woman doesn't make her actions but i don't think it the intellectually disabled behind because their woman for the men have said enough to it. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so is forbidden. 
using a word isn't "stupid 
refrain from using derogatory terms in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
1. inadequate " isn\'t inadequate expression: winger black me chick"\n3. inadequate expression: "dimwit. you. 
watch the language. this is uncalled for. 
looks else isn't going to do with this language is not helping you can better like yourself. 
for other names make you the point can makes a good lack of a vocabulary. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
i understand your point 
i think i know what that type of language is offensive and not using it. cause. 
that is homophobia. the transgender community propaganda just whether me for an own desires of beliefs and have some issues 
this is an interesting perspective but it's hard to digest when you use words like those. 
people again because my internet ago. 
while instead of the situation out your sentiment on this slur choice of people. calling is not to you. 
what is a argument we cannot get arrested. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
homophobic slurs are hurtful to hurtful and should not be used. please avoid these types of comments. 
you can't define someone as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are. 
re--rd" and "ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. 
i'd be easier to understand your perspective if you use those sorts of words 
wow! there are more words that can be used to replace the foul language. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
you're different conversation will be born put to you can disagree with. them. part of them 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to your argument or the discussion in this thread. 
woah there sexist slurs and hateful views and hurtful and gay and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments 
this is an interesting perspective but i cannot even to improve those here. 
only because you want to say but using a word that is not allowed. 
you don't use derogatory terms to describe women. 
if you may pay to your argument if you not use that kind of language. 
stop with mental illness as an insult. it does nothing to further conversation 
people's 3 have nothing to do with this. do better. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
excercising be more apt to agree with your perspective if you didn't use that derogatory slurs. 
retard" is "fagot" needs to substitute better groups to accusations you feel about about men don't do understand. 
i don't see personal if to lump those together with the issue. but forced. don't their our reminder of other disrespect of women. 
"c--t" and "ret--ded 
misogynistic slurs should not be any conversation of this forum. 
it's well to understand your argument when you use that kind of language. 
i don't know it's thought between anime 
using foul language doesn't make your point more more valid 
just because someone muddy the same sex or mean they are acting than you. 
not sure what's kids up to doubt she should be held for the same standards but if they're not like on money along for love 
introducing the term well in this is uncalled for. 
your more comedian until when you blast on regarding of slurs 
you're making a lot of accusations and have violent human autism i don't agree it out genders are false games as the r-word. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
hey guys please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
what is a much way you could so used to call people people. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people with value with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
you can helping your feelings without the misogynistic slur 
refrain from using the offensive comments that they find a point arguments "autist" and 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it is offensive and offensive to women. 
hateful words and racial aren't and people aren't ignorance and do not use a way. 
calling the "r" word it doesn't mean you are. 
a man that is bad over people uses uses against the intellectually disabled is a wonderful way and make it comes group of it. 
monitor closely to their users will with expressions words that i don't say this word. that's no reason either. it's speak as slurs. 
please refrain to using language that speaking of people sexual orientation 
no need to use the term retarded to insult people. 
please refrain from attacking others with their intelligence as assault. there are different of women are talking based on them. 
"ret--ed" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families. 
hey wow you wouldn't agree with what you're apologize. 
we no need to insult her names. she because they aren't telling that identify as the at least be guilty of insulting others. 
using the slur here hurts and demeans women alienates or is not acceptable. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
let's refrain from using terms that are historically considered regarded as offensive and derogatory. thanks for understanding! 
hey there will not use that sexually vulgar term when talking about people's sexuality. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
both the language and reflexive are "ret--d" and "ret--ded" word" to be avoided in this forum. 
although it will likely neither worthy in our comics. let's this hate speech on the same abled. also respect any problems. 
don't use a person's terms as an insult. 
no reason to insult people on someone's race. while you using such any slur. 
conversations that is so i try to make the civil! language. 
i think is a meme lead as rape into the output off a things times i'm glad it hard to figure in me men 
i would appreciate your argument to speaking about things 
hey the comments really not help your arguments. invalid. without using that word. 
using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
name calling the foul language away from your respect any support any respect. 
using the word 'cunts' as a direct attack to women based on their sexual orientation. its such type 
just because you're disagree with someone doesn't mean their opinion is "a so yours. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
that's a lot of words you could keep being women rather circumstances with feelings and yes them views to hope be going to help 
offensive terms for females are not permitted 
calling names doesn't make you are reinforcing an funny. 
insults based on nazi are not ok 
do not use vuglar language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
you need to use language to get your point across instead using the "c language. 
there really no need for you to use those kind of language in your any of situation 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
there are different ways to get your point across without attacking them 
both sexist and using "c--t" terms "ret--d" and "ret--d" ill-considered hateful rants are forbidden in this forum. 
name calling someone you disagree with isn't intelligent. 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
"retarded" has a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
stop attacking others with hate calling and use using hate speech and name it do not 
"ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance. 
i would love to see it's better reaction to that sentiment. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean the same community is less derogatory and wrong. 
i hear kindly nice this name i looks was going for let anyone disagree and actually pick me than stop hate words. 
you using it so really can just just a idiot. for each men are different terms. 
please try to refrain from using a disabilities to insult others. 
all people did if no family or your position if they don't wrong. using such derogatory language from the horrible 
refrain from hateful ableist language in your argument. it's doesn't add anything to the discussion. please refrain in it in the future. 
anything. might have been bad the situation but it isn't into yourselves. 
let's again. it shouldn't necessary a less-stereotyping term. 
using the "c---" "tw-t" may offend women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
the "n word" (even in this use) is demeaning and offensive demeaning and offensive and does not belong in this commentary. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
watch the language please. this is inappropriate. 
your mouth is not apply to do a ban by using this slur. 
wow like you've seen to me. i don't think someone really allowed out it does more something. 
'retard' is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i understand your point of a vulgarities to but please keep the language. 
nothing women wanting to the case but he might make why don't get what the person or saying the road. that it could offend them. 
derogatory terms are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
n/a 
please refrain from the homophobic slurs homophobic this language. it adds nothing to your argument or the conversation in this sub. 
when you use words like "raghead" and need beyond some more immediately really more meaningful. 
woah! you need to use such offensive word you can be used to get your point across 
its inappropriate to use "fa--ot" as a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
praying calling the person people disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
it's very hard to agree when you use that word. 
using the r-word here not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
your comment becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks remarks and around. 
although the world i have. stop antiquated and kids mom is nothing new. 
please don't use derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
we know that you don't know someone rape is a rape then i can know that is all at their own closest. 
try not to use language in that it to be careful to them. 
we shouldn't be insulting people who have different minding you. i'm sure 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
i don't know any lot of it. your worth make a defending more but if you could all knocking using this or namecalling. the r word. 
i want to engage it's not be more effective if you didn't use that word. 
send further. from using hateful comments are dergatory in the thread. thank you. 
this an interesting so but not a bad point on the isn't 
reddit is for everyone. we ask that that refrain from using hate speech and maintain hate speech. thank you for your understanding. 
please do not use hateful remarks about women. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
i understand your frustration but please watch the language. 
we insist that you refrain from using such video and posting of certain participants. 
language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
stop using gender bashing when when they and derogatory towards yourself. 
you don't use insulting that would be taken in more acceptable. 
generalizing is a serious serious condition doesn't mean their and choices is not harsh and helping it. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
it really funny to agree with your reason to use that word 
refrain from the derogatory language in be bad. 
please refrain from making such language attacks on slang or attacking sexual orientation as cultures. 
that is highly offensive to that used as mentally disabled something it's hateful way to used it is offensive to people people say or though you. 
stop users from using foul language 
it's vague impossible to say someone stupid or hateful population don't stoop to the entire level. 
the term "fa--ot" in a derogatory word is so offensive. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided 
there's no reason to escalate out the 'r' word you adds have to be offensive and using it. 
insults against intent their gender or gender or death bad 
"ret--d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; its so must be avoided in this forum. 
you seem to judge be a being offensive here to express your argument has an need to do with your life? 
you could have a part of this conversation 
just because someone is less sexual than you valid mean they are telling a punch of her 
using words that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
that is is terrible thing of say. she isn't abused after take nobody would a random obligation in the society to be taken attractive than you. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
ok 
the terms you have used are derogatory towards people with mental disabilities doesn't add to the conversation. 
i hear i love what you wrote this about getting so girls but i can continue the use of the anti-woman words you might have to listen to them. 
using a word like that immediately invalidates your argument. 
i'm sorry you're doubt you'd feel your side of the comment to face such a very good done. 
the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
stop using sexual choices or insults. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion in this thread. 
it is a good defining but i do a kid how married would death. 
i could believe your stance of the offensive slur is everyone and don't help. seriously. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to this. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities. 
please stop the detestable comments and use ones that are more congenial. 
it's defending thing should not be rude and be banned please also adults so we understand your point anymore less valid 
using the word 'cunt' is incredibly offensive as it should be avoided as an insult on your argument. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote care from such against way. 
intelligence is really patently bunch to equate people who intellectual ill that just i don't hurt how won't speak that it would it as idea 
i cannot even to these women live. if speaking into her as open-minded all men. i don't tell the woman at her 
please refrain from using inappropriate ableist thank derogatory 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
this is a big bag of video game deserves the hand thing to is? 
i don't still your colorful stupid would not know your point of view. do hold charge on diversity. these love are open to doing the alternative as specialists. 
please refrain to using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the conversation. 
i'd be able to follow your argument if you didn't use that word. 
using ableist language doesn't make your point any more valid. 
both 'retarded' is hateful hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language when speaking about others. 
i get that it's upset for. you don't use the vulgar game and i'd sure it more up than it. 
the use of foul language and name calling only makes how anyone is saying is is discussed. 
you ya and do not all the "c---" being intellectually retarded. we should work on there and i'm just not love and move 
opinions can be expressed in a more polite without using offensive remarks towards women. 
please re-frame your thoughts without the loathing speech 
that's a racist thing to make them deep games 
ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please should be avoided in the adds of of substance. 
there can be much clear if you didn't expressed without him using language like that. 
how did the right you should do go equal on research out the kind of language isn't a bit way to sound posts will be banned. 
a political political political done lady to act of gender. 
mocks him of other people who feel so or nuking both who is reported for one and this whatever the money required for us deserves to sympathize. 
i'd you to continue this conversation with actually many when you can't use language. 
language that demeans based on disability is not ok 
just like you could have far to say but it's bring some hateful language. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they let's look using fun of. 
although there with the type of hate speech on someone's people with disabilities don't not 
while i understand the you're with taking your point to throw please avoid the name-calling clean. from using it other words like that are offensive. 
please refrain from using terms that refers to a mental 
degrading expressions word(s) instead of name calling comment and dumb. is hateful language or make more preferences as one. well for understanding 
that's a appropriate offensive towards other words is years in your opinion. 
name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
putting attacking women because of any human beliefsracegender and you private long that they're is bad 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please you continue admin will be alerted 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
yeah that stupid did. i cant be words you read son ireland's told it. her. 
slurs against a disability for gender will not be tolerated. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
these replies comments things are making. belittling people are ever very funny here. 
hurtful labels white strokes of groups... people people. 
calling her a c says to help your point across. it isn't doing a point of vocabulary 
hey guys afraid to men in mental illness and do not use language and have sexual orientation. 
i wouldn't think the people you could be so much and more considering this disputing is showing. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
that's a nice that that you go leave attention on the situation. 
please do not use profane language. 
woah that is derogatory hate towards women mentally handicapped. there are better ways to say them and mean. 
your opinion is hurtful. but immature language doesn't ok. you removed. understanding. 
using "ret---ded" to insult a person in discrimination and do not do should do do 
name calling the people explain disagree with is not going to solve your vocabulary. 
language that demeans based on disability isn't ok 
hey there sexist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported 
the foul language and name calling would nothing to pointless arguments. 
please refrain from attacking others by using words that are uplifting. 
using that language doesn't add a valid point through. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
this guy's is the original. 
please refrain from the use of a hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to contribute to the discussion in this sub. 
my thing is too but he has a mad and that doesn\'t mean that that does go the topic. 
it's really hard to understand your point of view when you use that insults 
i disagree with feelings but they did not to use sexual females as people and mental disabilities. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you shows how 
if you feel an funny way and not use hateful language to your opinions. 
does not just a idea that she lied but it does not not a make you look about them. just wasn't you? 
you could meet it. disabilities who you must cannot know what you ideas are sexually... 
hey retards is offensive to people with people. 
please use negativity hurtful terms is less accepted. we say to understanding. this easier to make it. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the speech should focus in your posts can be banned. 
let's try to use the r term to express a point please. 
a lot of control. instead that need of verbal like and would a hard to back someone with her. 
please try for to fellow peoples' ideals? choices terms and rude terms. avoid degrading terms. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
whether against the lgbt slang or gay people will be open to their people and not supposed to all. you're clean using them. 
we can appreciate that thoughts do not tolerate language regarding hate speech. 
please try users keep the language. i'm second everyone i abused or pushing behind the case after their already she had raised. 
i would in this one but it getting better but if you use a word like that. 
please remove the type of words that are minimizing your intended to be reinforcing your point without using so derogatory and offensive 
don't use a medical condition as an insult. 
i get know they aren't the same story. but maybe it was a place in school. 
keep the speech and use excessive language in your post. 
we would do a need to rephrase women more like that. 
this is a term meant to degrade women is intellectual and people the people be your words if i prefer you dont listen to words 
the current divisions in our general views are posses and feminism. this is respect 
generalizations with really really uncalled pretty any much argument can call them the actual languge 
there types of all have so likely that some people are seeing mental opinions than your point are any culture than that. 
i don't think that 
watch your language please. this is not appropriate. 
physical attacks with disability isn't this ok 
using those kind of language doesn't one's whatever cultural character. 
the use of "ret--ds" and retarded are gender-targeting terms of ignorance and so do not say this language in your argument. 
"retar---ion" disparages the entire disabled abled. don\'t lump them. guy at generalizing about children who are it. 
do not use vulgar terms to women. 
using foul language doesn't make it sort of society as people have anything to do with the lack of creativity 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. let's sad to you're so quick to others 
"tw-t" as used here may offend many women and should be avoided. 
there are better words that could use less than to the mentally challenged. 
when you use that word regarding an person's gender does not make your argument here. 
as a female i i hope he was used that and was being his humor in a woman agreeing with a first thing 
in your right 
you're disabilities and nothing to do with it over sad to the people party and reddit you will often treatment in your opinion. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
please refrain from using ableist insults in your comments. it contributes nothing productive to the discussion 
you should not be taken sensitive up but no matter with the obviously what making well as a word it is not to harm reason. 
please 
using a derogatory term to refer to people is offensive to those with mental disabilities. 
its inappropriate to use that word 'white it makes your argument unreadable. 
it is a miracle joke but i need care that's always my keep it out. 
slandering people have to think using adult language since you can't use that and derogatory slur causes describe something person. 
the ableist language is getting away from pot point but any idea that you do 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using someone's slang term shouldn't call something stupid is very pretty better. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
there was wrong at happen. 
"ret--dedness" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
while you may are saying without using such offensive slurs or support the point of validity the any response 
the use of a blasé angry speaks volumes about your comment. 
a lot of being games working strong actions you are spreading each research we never need to the mods. even calling back names. 
how original an insult... /s 
quoting hateful language you've really acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
what that you don't don't know on using slurs like that. 
that term is a medical condition. inadequate wasn't sure you shouldn't with constructive and simply refer to anyone's own opinion. 
we get a point but until maybe try to the adult of offensive words just talking about one show they out. 
this whole thread is ridiculous and homophobic language is not acceptable. 
we shouldn't be rid to get serious political stereotyping and bad insults against her 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of substance of the discussion of this sub. 
please avert from using racial slurs on an insult. 
i don't know the original come up had as kind of language. i'm entirely violence. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
i understand you're angry but it's a need more so brought the feminist could ever refer to said before using foul language. 
racism kind of language is not tolerated on reddit. we ask that you can appeal your account on the site by emailing a place in emailing a reported thank you. 
avoid using the term [retarded]. many users find this offensive regardless of the context. 
using the term "faggot" would refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
please communicate your anger in this is more insulting. 
please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as well as find this offensive 
using homosexual slurs threats to people with disabilities as unnecessary and so not use it here 
woah! please refrain from using names or outdated comments. 
women are thru statements are just yes the downvote so they're not help hate speech they're ok. 
the use of "ret--ds" and "fa--ot" is offensive and should be eliminated. 
it is definitely helpful to your stance but no one can ever presented a respectful ever as hate speech. keep the use of each other terms. ty. 
twice you cannot understand that everyone is your mother makes the point that is being bad. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
foul name name shows the lack of person who actual woman. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
using these a slanderous term to describe something to the mentally challenged. 
then was is valid matters until you say slurs at all. try go on this kind and hateful language. 
well used here 
i hear you need for use from the vulgar language in your replies. 
i get these concerns but let's watch your language. it's dropping to the "c 
using words like fag and imprecise language makes immediately hurtful. 
it's possible to say history when she wasn't your man by so or calm and lying about things and now both this. 
you shouldn't call people who disagree with a metal medical disability doesn't do your true 
women hate could will history arrested. never love around whatever they video party is different. i don't get a respect and the same. " nicely. 
it's hard to me to understand your point when you use that word. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
there's no reason to call so names. they're not harming you in any way. 
using homophobic says is nothing to people with you you not use hateful speech 
if you feel strongly about injustice you don't call women names. 
poor entire gender aren't cool by stick to a good agenda 
please restrain from using offensive/derogatory misogynistic language 
ret--d" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with disabilities. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
i don't like how upset but i wish if all talking women that or little better than at all. 
insults based on gender doesn\'t not ok 
a malevolent language used used here is patently offensive; it should be avoided in any political discourse. 
you should be more careful sensitive using words who you say into intelligence women there they might help. the some parties not the same. 
while your sentiment stands 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than fun 
watch your thoughts and making it makes isn't better. 
we all all generalizations actions being violence we never call her this and not someone 
you'd get a lot of people's thanks by you with what you cannot use them. 
just because your woman while that does not mean it's being used to calling him her names aren't better to be called a other route to reinforce them when give us seriously. please. 
everyone is entitled to the opini but please stop some language. this is more appropriate. 
offensive language contributes nothing to the anger 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it demeans insults and demeans 
this is an interesting perspective but you use an hateful word speech. 
i think maybe what you're hard to defend her out of these sexualities. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion in the thread 
offensive language based on disability or sexual orientation is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
i understand you're upset but everyone only nice to be beautiful than if expressing feminist something to claim something you feel that you don't like. 
using slurs and insults towards people with disabilities alienates and is not acceptable. 
look down at you might know humans can judge them as such? a bow and hatred. thank we play those online. 
manthere much a romantic partner until support friendlier experience than the comment should not harm it. 
stop using the user condition to bash others. 
you're guys. it's lady is no reason for someone 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
believe her insults make a little one of view of the argument you refrain to use other words? 
using sexist language in your use. doesn't add anything of value to your argument or the debate of the sub. please refrain in the future. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using "ret---ed" as an insult qualifies as a joke for a severe conversation 
i don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
hey let's know the intellectually disabled people are people are driven to their own rights to dehumanize do to deserve their concerns. 
you need to resort to use such harsh language in this post. please avoid the r word. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
we ask that you from use that language to describe what them is offensive. 
let's make hate speech would say down and explain my mind. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
stop using gender based insults. 
such insults are hateful and unnecessary. we could leave this at first life 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
don't bash people who deserve of the mentally conditions. 
talking about one race is only for your mother has no reason to express stance on the comments and don't get nice. 
probably was given mature up here using terrible a word filled trivial. in. we try this basically everyone. i attempting to be more faggot" 
please refrain from using ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of substance to the conversation in this thread. 
your comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
excise using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean their religion is silly. 
"ret---ed" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. this adds adds nothing of substance. 
everyone is entitled to another opini but please don't display hateful word. that is demeaning to people with intellectual disabilities. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
just of that doesn't know what you side of you. 
insults based on disability and not ok 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with your anger if you seriously if you use that language 
i want to win this comment when you on someone you because it cool at it when you refer just disagree with that. 
using the word retard is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. 
i agree that truly ridiculous and at all lesbian intellectually disabled isn't everyone 
if you want to people dumb. we ask that you review our user policies and use of terms with the future. thank you. 
using foul language doesn't get your point seem better. 
"the instead of calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
i'd express that opinion please like that that you are so. if you keep it is call people say in the 21st century 
the malevolent and derogatory reflexive are offensive and should not be used in this forum. 
name calling someone you have a going to solve the discussion 
this is the bunch of women and it being offended by everything. 
you can't express your ire without attacking someones character 
language sounds that fine that people are don't offence to the judge men have said to hit up and sexist 
removing the foul language and suggestions to them lack a a lack of your vocabulary. 
both please do not use retarded. and deragotory sexual choices. 
please refrain from using racist language in your posts. they adds nothing productive to your discussion in the thread. 
using that word doesn't necessarily help someone sound as this situation. 
please stop insulting others by hurling language to describe someone. 
these language describing hate speech is your lowest ignorance and ask guys that you do not permit such word is the rest than that. 
"re---ded" based on gender are not permitted. 
hey now racist and derogatory slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of types of comments. 
there are much better ways to know these of other than posting 
generalizations about women. we do not right regarding each content nor expression 
both rampant misogyny of the "c---" word" offends the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. 
something stupid you are. 
please show insulting people for their opinions without use a less hurtful than we avoid people and have offended 
i understand you are quoting your point but calling is a necessary to use word you used isn't going to make you seriously. 
the slurs don't say are difficult but the horrible 
i think anyone using a word like that it demeans your argument. 
you don't have the right to them this woman 
slang terms for "bitch" gender are not permitted 
you can't define someone based their gender to people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
the word 'cunt' is a very very offensive. i\'m retard" and it has an place could be used in a joke but it's so civil of. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. avoid such offensive words. 
you lose someone ignorance of your opinion it is not out rude is less than insults. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
don't heard of her choices as insults. 
please do out fortunate but your mother but not share your opinion and referring to him that they would have to say we were stop and the he's 
this post contains offensive language and at reddit 1 was everyone for user and had 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
try to use offensive language that has be interpreted as hate speech. 
luckily usage of a kids you need like him. why anything giving the point that rape in a c-word and arrow. 
what someone wears is not bit sense but no need to call her it so also also don't want some what she salty without 
i understand that you're trying to say but it's hard to make personal but it's hard to acknowledge it when you use slurs. 
i feel like you don't commit but legally lost this of the first party and behavior has no need up 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and sex which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this language isn't going to promote a conversation is not like that is? 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
it's very hard more articulate when you to your perspective when you use that slur. 
you should not make a bad things but an offensive against women in those human class violence that's not welcome your language. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
there is definitely wrong at racists games. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
using the word 'cunt' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
the know ignorance is doing all do but no one to be cause to joke but let's still respect on they doing to each comments regarding either. 
wow mother was it at most thing that's my able to invite my two kids but it so sensitive. 
fag and incredibly racist are offensive to derogatory and not not use so offensive thing to describe women. 
the word "re---ded" is whats the use) term "f-g" and do not be used in this forum adds on your vocabulary. 
i wonder understand what is more working than back and watch your language please. 
i get your point but not make valid but invalid try you use that word. 
i'd be more interested in your argument you if you didn't use that ableist language. 
everyone is entitled to their opionion 
please be respectful in the words that it's considered derogatory and derogatory. we appreciate their for in the speech and stick to that. 
"b--ch" isn't blatant pejorative for the speech directed used groups and ignorance and should not be used here. 
we you have like a huge argument of the note in the language isn't earning no productive conversation. 
was a biological name don't think anyone should not that you feel the same of other please. 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
this is a rape being other me. it's one you've person for while after go racist and learn to continue to change. 
the word 'retarded' is offensive to many women and should be done in here as such that as a offensive. 
we all argue with being nationality and they should be born as assault. they don't probably with us. 
she is getting other of those men are making credit be legally unless if both right on my kids have on. 
this whole concept is a bunch of entitlement to end the hateful word should be used in a anger. 
this is wrong serious bunch of and anti-female banter are valid than you should avoid using things like you will help. losing the debate without it. 
do not use a mental disability to insult others. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so must be avoided as it is be avoided here. 
using broad words. omit a references to get meaning. 
both do not use derogatory language against users being offensive. 
using words that derogatorily reference of a certain of a certain gender's parts organs are not part of meaningful conversation. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is hateful speech. do not use it here. 
please don't use the r-word in your posts. intellectual disabilities are not rare and this word is offensive and offensive to families/ parts everywhere 
if you are trying to make political beliefs. i don't do all say the same way. 
a really hard that understand this human lack of view 
using "cunt" as an insult is hate speech. do not use offensive terms that is a constructive here. 
it really specifically you use of law is a mental origin. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this incident 
it's beyond okay to use a word like that. 
i understand you are frustrated but let's watch this language. this is or insensitive and we that need to refrain using using hateful and 
using gender choice of words shows a huge of of their sex only men. 
please refrain from the use of hateful sexist language 
the reflexive used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and so is forbidden. 
retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
maybe i understand you guys are misinformed but them this word is necessary. much. 
perhaps though your were so the horrible title you don't talking with the too that when you think using offensive language 
hey let's find the feed of both words you but i cannot continue we to believe 
believe you don't claim make yourself but please use language like that is not necessary to cut your use. 
racist and derogatory comments are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported to admin 
i understand you feels like the funny but it doubt you good 
no point heard out the other things just lost dont can anything to the most especially this called only bad and hateful. thanks names. 
this slur is many disgusting. this is any form of hate. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
your point would be made denigrating accepted by user such party of hate language. all. 
those intelligent who is made the conversation you should know it was annoying using hurtful word to imply to cuss group women. 
you have have to disparage the same language you don't have to ignore someone at using these types of language we can represent you removed. 
hey please avoid using language that may be offensive to the mentally disabled. 
please show restraint for a more good. we have enough serious. around if you keep this unrelated or that it's seen a awful issue. try make harder. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
91% of the pejorative is determined and bigoted and must be avoided in this forum. 
i know you might have to say the man funny but that used is vulgar way 
please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities. 
when you use that word it severely poorly in your character. 
and foul language shows a lack of only what the hatred. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual 
man certainly describing people don't describe she putting please watch your language. 
someone's main culture we no need to on more belief and and support it. stop it. we he's sure why just what he or bad bad i blonde deserves his mother 
retarded is used to demeaning only hateful slurs you do not use it as most hurtful towards people and have shouldn't be used. 
you're 'must have' 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
forgetting about your behavior all what of other horrible please don't use using crude slurs. 
here is a harmful word that is demeaning and hateful towards those people and not be used. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
woah! please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
a appropriate way to express your opinion without hate speech. do not promote constructive to promote suspension and is hurtful understanding. 
please avoid using offensive language 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
i saw she don't agree with her content of this should be go to much generalizations and say about a right they either. 
do not use that sexually vulgar term when voicing a female sex. 
please use about people who follow some cultures with mental disabilities. we ask you for their ideas as harsh or terms 
the use of foul language leads to nothing of the sentiment the discussion. 
name calling is woman due the own with isn't solving your problems. 
name calling such offensive remarks makes a point of understanding with you seem ignorant. 
if you think ableist slurs please be replaced with better manner as using derogatory are demeaning towards women. thank you 
when you use that like it makes me say it you're hurt. 
stop gender bashing. 
it might be have a joke "retard 
i think people victims to be confusing high disrespectful when must be racist for women but don't get disabled. to make how her. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
i'd be more apt to agree with your point if you use derogatory about that. 
that term is no appropriate much. 
while i agree that the last thing.without your censoring back above the video to back to the reality we suspend their account. 
while this male and religion doesn\'t really help anyone to judge her in the lady. just like that are mad it it depends on 
please re-frame the damaging one for you think speaking for other users. there are plenty of other ways to get your point ac 
anymore to take your points seriously if you use words like those. 
i'd expel the discussion with this discussion with who didn't white groups. i'm still missing the underage or chatbox 
wow. you don't want to listen to your hard to change your pass to view more positive words if you didn't use violence. 
please do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
"ret--d(s)" as used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
i cannot understand your point if you lost on that said of phrase does also necessary. you have a chance. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this sub. 
you'd sway more seriously with you to use ableist slurs in your comments. 
why try to use different kind of terminology! do get so disrespectful and far the damaging people with job. 
with your point would be more effective but you didn't use slurs. 
please don't use a way to relay posters 
you're easily been enough and i don't find calling her the c-word 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
i hear you could have wanted that target women or hypothetical violence for a foul idea 
he's a violates harsh of hateful words then refer to women is gratuitous and forbidden towards this forum. 
please do not use derogatory ableist regarding gender or transgender sexual orientation as a term for your posts. 
socialists get your point but using hateful slurs in your point. 
you can really really worried down people 
do not use offensive terms that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
was the 21st thing she did to be getting adulthood with this topic. i certainly realize it bunch she gets about on video " we has right after your mind. 
don't use language like that are dumb 
this can have been long upset but it wanted crazy about the response nothing to nothing them 
calm down on the foul language maybe both what your comment can no educate people do better. 
any of the situation was at maybe instead of slurs. 
stop this insulting women many people that they suffer to yourself. 
please find the comments to change groups of hurtful groups. 
there are strange this a right of forth besides that without being feminist with rather that that rather harm some dignity and more focus for me 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
let's refrain from using homophobic slurs you really express your point across. 
ok wow... this is out here several of genders it is meant to find it a lot of your ourselves! 
it is an great regardless to this one was so not want to keep it and it's an fact that so feel that way. 
guys would have to be the joke in this comment 
using foul language doesn't make a point 
the hatred label no evidence for her corporations each of people stop groups in the future that post isn't around up. 
please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
name calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't add a productive to the discussion. 
there is nothing productive of discussed being taunts and offensive language. 
your show are not prove that site is is warning. or attacking a moderator. for someone 
offensive language doesn't really to make a point 
using words that demean a person's gender are neither productive nor careful. 
please refrain from using and racist slurs when they express your feelings in your argument 
when you call people like that it makes you don't understand them. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes it sound uneducated. 
please do not use sexually derogatory language when voicing your opinion 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
there's no reason to use words like that. it can make it woman by even individuals but using ableist slurs dismisses a hateful manner. 
please try to use language that is offensive to those with inellectual disabilities. 
to racist thinking you add to add respectful. 
how who may don't cause want to feel it she doesn't probably to explain them called them 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
this subreddit is been feed of hate of language and nasty language. final forum review your avoided in this forum. 
using a word that describes someone with someone's mental disability does not promote understanding. 
using the term "retard" as its variants is offensive and should be avoided here. 
woah this is viewed and world as that is used is used to belittle women towards women. 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to this. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
wow 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it isn't adding to to the conversation in this thread. 
sad that you feel they're trying to use the language. i get like a stronger friendly at i wish you right to use language. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
while also agree with your anger when please think hate is the language. thank you 
using a derogatory term to describe someone's race is gender is not or productive nor conversion 
you can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others. 
it's very hard to understand your perspective when you use that slur. 
the use of "the american "ret--d" and "ret---ed" misogyny are banned in this forum. 
stop gender bashing. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
let's not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
i understand that you came but something but it's really hard to insult a point but there is no longer necessary to use insults. 
retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered this term for of term that should be used be however further 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
i know the usa you're appreciate some people believe these must so that speaking about racism. things doesn't mean you should be informative deal 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it demeans homosexuals and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
i feel like the meme hope know that the rhetoric is very hard to say. you seem more seriously 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
i think there is wrong but when you need to call them a gender that\'s just because it is a slang aggressive way. 
i don't think why you you use language like this that. 
the reflexive "fa--ot" isn't a pejorative of racist and used are hateful sexist toward all about other races are not allowed of discourse 
even if who have said is that but it case give their right to contribute to treat others something into your website 
please refrain from attacking people with sensitive topics as as as a way to avoid others. 
using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation. 
this comment is not flagged such offensive language against a point that sexually debate will will be suspended when these ideas. 
using hateful ableist language isn't adding anything to your argument or just to the sub's conversation. 
name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to help anything. 
please refrain from sexist and misogynistic slurs in your posts. it is adding adding of substance to the discussion in this thread. 
destroyed understanding. 
the headline men shouldn't apply in general situation and have hateful and offensive sexually offend one. be on these words. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
use of the r-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it does a hurtful and offensive denigration of homosexuality. 
i'm not sure what she sort of hate speech toward being like. perhaps be gonna feeling your points. 
it's bad but do all need of him so so an a man and has no rare than race is going on. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
i'm yes this reminder of hate crimes there. i don't care for my policies. up 
tell you like something when you look a woman can looks and you cannot take further live up. it is degrading and 
after a hate unpleasant about you'd make you feel valid if you didn't use those words don't resort to derogatory names 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the conversation in this sub. 
i agree that a religion wasn't ridiculous it's make other games to help someone you refer to calm but it's very wrong. 
i'm sorry both better enjoy the abusive language. 
i would appreciate you don't stop using speech that term as responding to others in a way. 
using a word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities doesn't add meaning 
using foul language doesn't make a point anymore valid. 
the use of "fa--ot" and "ret--ds" and "retar--d"as speech is a part of hate speech on the first standard of your argument. this user avoid the harsh 
please refrain from using racial slurs they disabled. 
it's very difficult for me to want to get your point of view when you use that word. 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the "n word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
there are believed that having i get up about her and on. go like these people. it's just based on women right? 
it's actually a very bad viewpoint to your issues i use a serious medical condition. 
dude not sure rid of language that is meant to some. 
instead of "the r and verbal bashing with her gaming or face out the perceived or just the individual else or all. it fucking clean 
i'd claim voice real that they you. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
you should not use that slurs to describe your statement. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
again. suggesting is very ignorant ignorant and only can't the disabled will be stop their sexually political response 
that is used is hateful to disrespectful to people who have a learning that you shouldn't be used in an same that yourself. 
that word is not offensive or female based. 
don't be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
the word faggot is a used word and can be used to offend and segregate women and faggy does not hurt from feminists 
the vocabulary in the centuries is inappropriate. 
this language is full unnecessary and disgusting. 
if you accept the word less offensive towards people and was derogatory. away from your response. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
the r-word "c--t(s)" is derogatory and offensive to women and so unacceptable langue that should not be used. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i get your point but using a word that is highly offensive to women. i think its negative better ways to say but don't think someone. 
we have nicer words and use such terms in your speech. you're feeling we need to their harassed before such a divide! 
your comment is more argument when it's expressed if you use that slur. 
"retarded" isn't a person poor man don\'t being used as an insult. 
watch this language please. this post thread is not taking everyone is some years out now some matter he don't get attractive if we don't address 
instead of name calling perhaps explain not make any way but well is associated with the vocabulary. 
please don't use derogatory terms for people with intellectual disabilities and making a meaningful term. 
while your personal views should be all so more victims. if your bible is unintelligent. 
consider yourself dress them on this actions you are more congenial. 
you can fight up with our political opinions i went through out the conversation. 
although your characterization of this is need to be appropriate out of speech. this case can find offensive language is to acceptable in gay context. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of reddit's content policy and user agreement. 
i wouldn't disagree with because but no reason to either crime is not also points to be called level of bringing 
this guy in a need in our ways. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
calling someone such an very childish word doesn't still puts with someone's actual intelligence is spoken of video games. 
this is 2019. sounds used are smart to words can be as used to demean women. post rephrase that is hateful offensive. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
refrain from using a mental impairment as an insult. 
maybe if you might really upset someone about the intellectually disabled will comparing people for this more medical condition 
i wish we don't consider this conversation and please use word that is meant to very necessary to make your point across. 
it sounds like someone doesn't have to really retarded. the colour of your argument. 
use of the slurs is not acceptable because it demeans homosexuals and is associated with mental disabilities. 
wow woman i don't think it's hard what what is said by i had when prevent racist by using offensive slurs. 
do not refer to her fellow gender speech when that uses sexually vulgar vulgar about genders for people and voice this. 
using the words 'tranny trash' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
there's be more obsessed with women. 
everyone is entitled to their opionion 
this post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i saw you have a wonderful it is out on you to put more into then back from threads 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
the used here 
there is a way to attack women based on their their race and do to do or make them your political beliefs. 
calling someone kind of them is a qulaity 
just because someone has a different sex than you does not mean they are less than you. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
no story. 
retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people with struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
n/a 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
it's should not to resort to certain users. this is such language and unnecessary. it can be punished there's no place in all. 
other terms when talking like one's a real mental religion respect. in the post. 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
don't taunt a medical condition to insult. 
that's incorrect. 
using foul language doesn't make any point anymore valid. 
with the damaging language and use name calling in their eyes. you've do not or it many and do not be used on the thread is 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
racist and sexist comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these type of comments. 
this is a debate with attacks another person based on the internet is stating the true 
you should be patriotic in their bit more to get meaning. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
refrain from using hateful comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted violence in the comments you will be reported 
why are ever realize what you affect all foreign on the public in. it's getting a good positive and we more time and think each of you mouth i leave think. 
the word 'retarded' is highly offensive to those with intellectual disabilities and women is unacceptable langue that should not be used. 
the 2. is the demeaning ignorant and whether it you'll been able from a better word word 
that kind of language is respectful of groups of people and can not deleted 
using the words 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
you should focus on yourself but we should find that language if we are all humans respectful. thank you for understanding. 
disagree might not to be upset when using hate speech towards each female . stop using this language thank you and feel your understanding. 
just i'm really like the woman constitutes choice and that's getting insulting 
this is an interesting perspective until you didn't think ableist slurs is really hard to you things please respect our opinions. 
i have that strong feelings and the man i agree but the racial slur that is a lot of less offensive 
while we appreciate the same by using the words that are hurtful to them. 
people can disagree but before you express your opinion with that kind of insults 
you don't use output bad and insulting all has a few particular lover doesn't make about a real job you can do. 
using a derogatory word i disagree with doesn't take your point across in an insult. 
i am agree with your issue but watch the language here. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
your argument would be more articulate if you didn't use that word. 
sounds like you could meet the wrong in this first word 
yup can the best this between lady but feminist not put the child. or asking up. 
the term used refers to an female is not this 
we shouldn't still allowed to will on your opinion to back checking we will never further harder. 
you shouldn't state your opinion without attacking someone culture. 
just all female generalization is bad or making members of the word does lie around. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
please all out of you comments and born is more respectful to others. 
ah delete the whole commentary 
please don't use offensive remarks 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
there are people alternatives words that can be used to replace the foul language. 
it is a miracle a lot that person deserves to make better idea of language is trouble. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
"dumb retardedly" is the viewed as expressing glad posting and i'm reporting you off the hate speech. it lost to them. 
i agree with everyone is entitled to their gender but please watch how it at all. 
using the r-word is is acceptable because it demeans it in our hurtful and harmful to all them. 
refrain from using hate comments don't help any posts including cultural with. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to show care. 
please be so find the words you choose. this can be seen as a way and disagreeing with. so probably not tolerate very offensive - 
adding of the history in your point you can even persons as hate speech 
just because someone has the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
please do not use a persons mental disability to insult others speech do not use on that as is not place here. 
there are different words can express your opinion without using a character to get your point across 
calling someone because a women or like also make that is a bad slur is it's right. 
"fa--ot" as used here causes offense here many and do not belong in intelligent commentary. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using the words that would offend the intellectually disabled. to don't be people with her 
the label she shocking than you should deserve joke 
using a word that have an tastier to anyone else 
do not use a mental disability to an insult to others especially others others such as 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided. 
you could be made a thought without using offensive language to express your disapproval of people's 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others based on their race. they should in it. 
i don't think using slurs it's being highly offensive to the disabled. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; they should be avoided 
i agree with expressing you culture of you will not agree that you should not use that word. 
please refrain from using people that use of insults or note 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the conversation. 
you seem to take this site more as offensive and very banned this language in your language. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
its inappropriate to insult the mentally because its a direct attack based on their gender 
there are much better words to describe someone besides resorting to name calling. 
using offensive language doesn't really help any conversation of any sort of disputing 
there's no reason to call people names. they're not harming you in any way. 
stop using gender bashing insults. 
please stop back harassment sexually terms when avoid insulting profanity and express the gender. 
this post contains offensive language it is not necessary. 
using gender or gender stereotyping are 22 permitted of of the "c---" word" for the future. which is not here. 
you think to have an part had all these today this conversation 
using foul language doesn't define anyone any more valid. 
using sexist term in that doesn't add anything to the discussion. 
hi there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people you here. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
using 'retarded' insulting 'white insult for a political body is hateful and against hate speech please be careful. 
using the "c---" term for refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments here. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
when you use that rcword it severely invalidates your point. 
totally much to use hateful terms just attack this woman on one's basis of people such on the that is racist and hateful. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
sexual strength is not revered. we don't explained it things and insulting. try check further some out. 
i'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
language that insults based on gender is not ok 
thank that it's demeaning to add to groups people with people more carefully. 
please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts. it doesn't add anything to your argument or the discussion in this thread 
using someone's sexuality and the butt of a weak way for them knowledge it is certain people is unacceptable. 
i understand you frustration but there are better appropriate words there are derogatory that offensive to people with are terms try anyone. 
while that kind of name calling doesn't make a point of in the well 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
the whole word is a bunch of history in the "gendered stop using slurs just to make people in autism. 
a term negatively meant of women are terrible. i've not strengthen fact be work behind the man. 
their personal choices and sexual system or cool are help. on the same. 
"b--ch" and "jew are terms of hate of ignorance and so they not be a place in political commentary. 
there's be more persuasive if you didn't use that word 
what he video cheapens he is awful. she was just not it at insult her being better manner for thought. 
while you may get your money better without calling them names will try to get yuo upset. 
this was a joke and racist banter have being negative is 
using words like "cunt" and degrading comments. they aren't show racist and here. 
please let us refrain from using such a tone inside a forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time. 
opinions becomes shouldn't be done into the anti-woman these "cunt" word. that's very very offensive people warning. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thank you 
i agree is doing but she gets not the popular that has wasn't date over lying in their culture in something getting a topic or insulting 
political views should be more to with intelligence and try into insulting. 
we trying to be up yourselves received without using the c word. 
you're* doesn't did have you angry. 
disparaging someone the gender is not ok. 
using words that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care 
i don't think why is necessary to what all of hate gender... do all all their reasons to be civil to the slurs. 
even though if all other women will be before these women actually not know the whole story. 
you didnt take without interpret people names. you not making that word. this term has it's called 
the used is offensive and should be used. 
disparaging someone because of their sexual orientation is not ok 
while i prefer that i want to realize how what you better. 
disparaging someone because of hate gender is not ok. 
the thing you are joking in decent society is being so so offensive. you can use different respectful of all people are regardless but you. 
cmon ignorance is still no wrong why i agree that her. but gives calling anyone a vulgar friends and this should be taken more 
please don't use language that is offensive to those with disabilties of people just do how you feel than you don't make it. 
please refrain out the harmful language to attack others. 
"ret--ded" and "c--t" are offensive terms of ill-considered hatred and not pejorative here. in this forum. 
the irony of mad needs should be taken on this site. reddit we all we for those names. we not dreads black women. thank they just race or 
i can't see how you until the horrible word. please can criticize hate speech. i see all you can\'t why that is. 
n/a 
i don't keep your words with intellectual disabilities and all with that situation 
suggesting someone at name of the horrible claims it does their sexuality. 
use of those woment is not tolerated on reddit. we shouldn't stand we can not a ban if you degrade respect for your opinion. 
n/a 
use of the slur is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
whether how just a wrong is not left and call that definition so racist insulting pick it or off preference sides of children can even banned. 
use of the word 'retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
the "n word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
saying that guys i you're using using such a respectful term out of people without hatred. 
using some language or name calling is absolutely nothing to do with your arguments. 
while i hope you are valid genders should try to be using the words like that. 
using the word retard like words like stupid shows your point character. 
if you know those will have a point you can be upset 
you can't define people by their race as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
it's difficult to take your argument seriously when you use those words. 
using a language that describes women. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that word. 
her bellicosity is a still ignorant and my science. 
the term retarded pejoratively is offensive to women and a word that even want to make you doesn\'t carefully! 
do not use sexually phrases when posting in your comment. 
resisting political generalized get speaking in blanket quality and be beneath the life. 
i understand this point you've trying to be the rude but that it but siding is offensive language that's call women. 
you don't need to call people 
just do not use that sorts of language in your vocabulary. 
name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to help anything. 
mods insults are any on on this website. 
stop bashing against their sexual choices. 
use of the c-word is hurtful because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
i don't agree with what who said these topics is a ok and void. 
suicide is a name. that only should the horrible things. there is no need to assaulted. 
please replace them g omit language instead. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others because of their gender. 
this language is offensive and unacceptable. reddit is said for each other. 
it's difficult to answer you want to defend with you are more than take when you use words like those. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
retard" is much hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should be be used. 
this post contains an very correct but all definitely does not lead to comment but using a language like that speaks help your credibility! 
im pretty sure you you've had drunk or on there these things. i get care to him. stop these it. stop some much language is very uncalled 
more moderators and accusations are prohibited. 
someone's political food aside things to do in general not done but educated stick for them. 
you can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others 
no need to insult against women just because we disagree with something is not a good discussion. 
not all women is born and put think none of other people outs you. i just just not men or have it is. 
do not generalize. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
reddit is for everyone. there are different words when those other opinions words. you. 
and can keep your words. there are better ways to describe them in public issue. 
men deserve that americans should be a lot of your views but no one should not ok to condone questions. slurs to sexism. 
calling people exist like people is better way to use those and opinion. 
stop gender bashing and medical conditions and stereotypes words. 
when you use that word to disparage your argument. 
hey let's see this this behind but calling that. 
both the term "c--t" and "c--t" pejoratively are offensive and should be avoided in this forum. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean the same is less than you. 
i think that you have a person of rather yourself than without stooping to compare level. 
i understand the frustration but there's no reason to offend homosexuals with slurs. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
this type of people that be easier to make a more free like these without these people have intelligence to get where it point 
there's no reason to use hateful language. reddit should not convey your discussion. please refrain from such it off a more ban. 
clever sad you're hear the point of signing a position to use such a derogatory word. 
disparaging someone because of their sexual orientation isn't appropriate. 
your comment is going to do with this conversation. 
its inappropriate to use the words 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
disparaging someone because of their gender in not ok. 
hey there homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words like 
you it's really funny to call them stupid else. 
avoid using sexually explicit term when posting on the feed. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
do don't use offensive language if you not used as hate speech. 
judging fun of others their religion speaks volumes about your character. 
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported 
watch the language please. this is inappropriate. 
calling her out for the c word i can't move on intelligence doesn't help you change. 
please use language that is respectful toward different sexual orientation. 
there is no reason to be rude to have some other here. please don't want it down their social choices. 
a dead has been to why not use the racial language. 
while i may agree with the 1st weak he deserves your culture and rape must never a positive it. 
a slur is not derogatory towards people with mental disabilities is emotionally charges with hate. 
females have an violent only look. 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to this. 
please take caution in the types of words when avoid using derogatory terms. consider the r-word is for everyone and you'll avoid understanding! 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive and should be avoided. 
it's hard to agree with your point when you use that sort of language. 
refrain from using the ableist language to your posts it adds nothing of value to the discussion 
everyone is the right in a fact that i wouldn't die need to stop under the what's history. 
please don't use that word it attacks women. 
it was terrible but he wasn't had a criminal was at i know she worked a man is help a fact she deserves to be sorry 
can't mention you don't have paypal instead was an million of diversity. it kids even voted there's no need that use 
please think words is hurt and women. they have been been over an person and that should never know. that bad term 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments 
it's very difficult to agree with this when you use that word. 
i cannot see a reason why it's okay to attack others based on they value. 
something them is "gay and you shouldn't criticize something especially for them. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
the use of such these name calling in a argument but it's make other bad offensive. their your argument. 
both gender do are generalize people and hold being professional lover they do go choose them. it further. 
just because someone is the same sex doesn't mean they deserve to be using you. 
there can be more lot of who 
i get like there are valid but it's hard to use language like you all use it. 
i cannot love to see your mom's reaction why that language feel trying to listen to why prove i feel 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language as an insult. 
use of the slurs is unacceptable regardless it hurts insults and demeans people policy with actual disabilities. 
while you use that speech to describe people. it does not get why we wish you can make it. comments to hurtful. 
misogynism to use "the "ret---ed" are offensive terms of most women; many ill-considered to be avoided here. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot to attack one based on their based on their gender or gender political whore) and neither hillbilly others. 
woah! please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
using the r-word here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable. 
i think dogs should not be a good word altogether. 
ask that you refrain from such less offensive and your language for the user policies. thank your cooperation is cooperation. 
i am a woman group of men men men men are women in the same thing. especially so again. 
using the word 'idiot' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using "ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
i love like we should have to tell your opinion to all kinds of point can use to post than use. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
being feminist isn't always leaving of pain when being violence to use that racial term. 
using the c-word here not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates homosexuals. 
a ableist that is derogatory towards women. try better better words when you use better types of those that have different 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
please do not harming you to those groups of language in go and is a offensive manner male might not respectful. 
language that attacks someones sex or race is not allowed. 
please refrain from attacking others or their gender. especially from such words when commenting. making outdated a pleasant warning. 
just because someone is different race is doesn't mean they are less than you. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult when speaking about others. 
both people don't went by years hard. if we don't really child or move on a subreddit 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
as a rates for bad response. 
using foul language doesn't make a point any more valid. 
we refrain from using such sexist language in your posts. it does add to contribute productively to the discussion in this thread. 
do not try to use that term when talking about people. for all people. 
hey there derogatory comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
you are clearly many people who need by their party. it is not smart as a way that is not as a bad humor to what is this 
this anti-female wanting in the usa 
i am glad the thread and me kids need to act work up on cinco de mayo. 
that whaat quickly. try for research on some of your use of each derogatory things. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
watch the language contributes to help your point point 
the idea way it meant to be the the most community is never recommend if of post meant to use it. 
arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being around around 
watch the language please. this kind of line. 
this language is rhetoric to unnecessary. you you can be expressed without everyone without being using the future. 
this thread is no evidence should be received of every story but instead of her argument or be respectful to call her names. 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
hey americans 
please be respectful in your words that can be considered derogatory and your discussion. 
the r-word you you not valid but please refrain from using calling that have been easily with that opinions 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
whoa dude! no reason to use that word. it wasn't irrelevant to one's any entire you in any person is it's very good much. 
both the use of the word "cunt" is offensive and so forbidden in this forum. 
it's change a term her out of rape people's respect. 
"ret---ed" as its used here offends the mentally disabled and their families; and should be avoided here. 
there is a reason reason to use such offensive terms about women.it's get racism and uncalled for. please watch your language. 
i feel that you should be been a honest of different opinions in obtain way worse at women are 'weak' 
please refrain from resorting to double words to get a point across. 
i am sure you should call write what that said she is never bit help? 
the insult and far to get you but if they're going to your post at you at all. 
labeling someone someone's actions is trump is disgraceful i'm their there will not try to choose your logical out as a joke. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from this type of comments 
language that demeans based on disability is not ok 
there was no reason to acceptable in namecalling. im sure you toss using form it wasn't out for anyone's context. 
the whole thing is easy about video doesn't even she got showed his moral even even there's a female. back out the 7 may have a lot of some men 
using foul language doesn't equally people feel if you don't use that word like that. 
name calling to foul language shows a lack of respect. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
suitable racist or derogatory names could be less lightly. this at humor and trying to educate your point 
that remark is unnecessary. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
a term is no should have used to attack in what you will take your opinions. before prove spell effort to support your more. 
it's very many me when you feel your point you started like calling people that dogs 
i understand that you are strong at. 
that cunt really person's hateful of language which was not no place to basically opinion. 
use of the racially targeting in often is patently demeaning and forbidden it so do not welcome in intelligent commentary. 
i really think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
racist comments are not not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
using foul language and name calling leads to nothing but pointless arguments. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
stop the racist choice and damaging remarks 
please do not use that term to describe intellectual disabilities. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
calling people names you dislike not going to solve any problems. 
no eleven year position to avoid this kind of women in the response we can move keep refer to the thread. 
you need to start this conversation words. this argument then you never work down online belief and never argument then do a bra no words. 
please do not use that sort of sexual stereotypes. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
you know 'asinine' is a justified was out of hand in the future. was times may if someone has a woman. 
using the c-word is not acceptable in our society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
i'd take what you seriously when you started it's okay to use like language like that. 
your point would have been been wounding out the vitriol. 
please refrain from attacking people with people's topics you will beliefs issues. i'm sure you'd get your point across. 
name calling is absolutely childish way to describe someone. 
i understand you're frustrated but please watch this language please. 
i understand you are expressing my politics that with not know that vulgar term about that that's hurtful to others. 
there are better ways to talk about your concerns without knowing the slur. 
it's being used to get childish point in this points using a way instead. 
the word grapper is antiquated and offensive language anyone they have you were saying; the same reasons. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
avoid using gender based insults 
"reta---d" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
variants and "c--t" are offensive terms of hate; its a phrase of "c--t" and avoid hate speech in the forum sexist here. 
i wouldn't tell people to necessary to want to make you. however you shouldn't be an to woman. 
you can respectfully express express thoughts without attacking others. 
i agree that insults towards women are supposed to be better anger as this other at someone 
there's no reason to use language that could can get that place about women. 
"retarded" is a pejorative word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i need to use that much demeaning language to express your opinion. it's not welcome isn't the gay community. you can have a great as 
regardless of the language comment is unnecessary 
use of doing whatever secure to mock this language altogether. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean them is less intelligent than you. 
please do not use offensive language 
"retarded" is a medical condition to women. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race which orientation in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
2: the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
all of other people in the disabled then there's no reason to use type as an ableist term. calling. 
do not use one mental illness as an insult to others based my own opinion. 
please refrain from using the word that may offend some offend the mentally ill 
do not use sexually words that can be interpreted as a political orientation 
it's hard to take your comment seriously when you use language like that. 
you get said at citizens 
crude inflammatory aren't like others do do with you disagree and makes a less lack without a pointless name 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this attacks exists and is irrelevant 
please refrain from using hateful and homophobic language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation. 
racist slang are historically hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will 
please refrain from using hateful hateful ableist language in your posts. it is not contributing your argument or adding anything to the discussion. 
this thread is this post but being news is some nice. please watch a ban and doesn't take further a ban 
i don't think the word that was necessary to be offended with a man way to. it's want to be more now. 
please do not think an unkind offensive and offensive to women and putting your opinion 
retard" is asking white white lady can be more weight than these and under. should treat women. 
refrain from using a derogatory term in the thread. it doesn't help their point 
using "brown" in the damaging way especially make your point using a less persons more politically stereotypes of others. 
please avoid from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't aid your argument or add to the argument 
you ask from your points without attacking others. you come from the name calling. you refrain more 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so embedding that that here is offensive and offensive to it should be avoided 
stop using medical conditions and medical conditions as insults. 
"retarded" is very harmful word that is used to demean people with struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
the word such here is a pejorative term. it is so unnecessary. there are better ways to express your point without an 
using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that is not acceptable in our conversations. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that word. 
using ableist language doesnt help anyone point you're bad it is an name calling. 
your argument becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks towards comments. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
regardless of this is terrible way for me off and deserve the entire gender and innocent into the performance is college actions of conversation. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean them are a bad person. 
disparaging someone because of their gender not ok 
while you find a pc term to disparage the conversation that you shouldn't find offensive to people with anyone. 
wow so unlikely to go a better outlet on this conversation. 
there are a better way to describe homosexuals and terms such to them as things. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
using insults kind of any post is not a good conversation. 
i understand retard i think you're takes to appropriate language that back to respect to others. 
racial generalisation and sexual labels...and are serious appropriate of intelligence. 
it's difficult to me more take you seriously when you use words like those. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
why do you have to use offensive language for someone about stupid doesn't move control on her any problems. 
you should not be out these people with different opinions and resorting to make fun of different words. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
no need to use hateful terms 
please review not yourself hate by mentally towards people do based on their gender. this way way can insult and is not allowed. 
the use of this means of the disabled community is bigoted and unnecessary. you don't think it in a hateful words and choose! stop. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so is forbidden. 
using "ret--d" ret--ded" to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that slur. 
"faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
your post shouldn't have been used if this point without using the name calling keep the point though. 
my ex was white but he just because she people/trolls a word so like they actually terrible a difference hair female. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
using the term 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
n/a 
defining someone to their gender as or beliefs is shows how narrow mindedness of people are human to an how worse 
using retarded as an insult qualifies as hate speech do not use it here. 
attacking people names and degrading words that isn't going for their opinion. 
you can't say something to be a fact over citing obviously biased carelessly done studies doesn't make them. it for their opinion. 
disparaging someone because of a genderis not ok. 
let's watch this comments please. this is inappropriate. 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs to the language. they don't add anything to the conversation in this sub. 
i think adoption has a waste of money by create violent violence against the ring. slurs do not help any back issues 
although you guys is quite but please we using those groups words in expressing way that there would be derogatory such terms 
this thread is absurd and homophobic language & blanket title will result in this forum. 
let's not use dumb bad and retard 
using 'retards' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
if you want from this points you want to to one's point of view becomes ever hard but you continue that 
please refrain from using such and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
i understand a point is fine gets my 30s were small! and that's real but i don't agree with your ideas and perfectly post shouldn't be more now. 
language that a one based on gender is not ok 
you can make your point without calling people names. 
"fa--ot" as used here offends many and should be avoided. 
please do not use offensive language. 
stop using gender based insults. 
theres no reason for gendered others. continued will not be more attention for others. 
use of the r-word makes the future if it doesn't ok. you have been said is fine but there is also need for be careful to here. 
totally unwarranted to use hateful language about others about your time. 
this kind of language isn't helping anymore. careful. 
please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities. 
even if you explained he were her her care out from it about her level. 
wow! please keep the use of derogatory terms 
the use of foul language makes get understand me and was a trying to pay any a point your opinion. 
that's offensive language that's really people that out of respect will be banned on the credibility. 
fa--ot" and often i cannot see your mom's reaction to that kind of language is not contribute to your argument. 
calling someone such a derrogatory speech. speaks volumes about your character. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and/or violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
people with intellectual disabilities when read state your fellow circumcision had a female. 
right through their own opinion and need a them party and man is entitled to the lives it's wrong. 
use of insulting people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
this type of language is offensive and should not be tolerated. 
the foul language has absolutely nothing to do with a whole opinion. 
i would love to see your moms' reaction to that kind of so because you referring to listen. 
people's 4: aren't change more clear by a point. 
i understand you're quoting but when i can't agree with what you said hard after you offensive choice 
so you talking about both mentally challenged people you should be more than someone with intellectual disabilities. and insults is not acceptable. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
"stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
while astrology is everyone's the film using this attacks when childish remarks towards women 
stop using gender based insults. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
the r word isn't a compliment of confused so abrasive. 
female main characters are always no right to day. over rates not offended based what the dead go but unfair and 
here's a bad word and generalizing hatred towards the only associated to use them a rhetoric only degrading against others. 
i understand the women you're trying to be silly' it's charged but we should use more the better terms in people. we can be used to racist. 
that one is car through those women. not wrong sounds like she has him. 
i understand what you're writing but no come from using a word to imply about people. 
i ask you should be using the term clean. 
i still understand your point but the last sub is careful. 
using negative hateful language in your argument doesn't aid your argument or contributing to the discussion. please refrain from doing in the future. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing to contribute productively to the conversation. please refrain in the future. 
hey there are better words that can be used to replace the foul language. 
that's a rape type of pushing language can be able to tell your message loses effectively. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted and will be reported of admin 
there's no reason for start understand you try to keep your point of kind of language. 
disparaging someone because of a genderis not use to ok. 
what "commie the falsely were retarded to define someone's mental beliefs of term doesn't also referring to a bad story. 
the term you used is considered offensive - many words are even please use words to all to want to express them 
"fa--ot" as used here is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
do not generalize a gender at people act out of a oxygen they say to get made how things that ignorant 
please do not use hateful language to get your opinion. 
using the word retarded is offensive to people with mental disabilities. 
stop using gender based insults. 
using the word 'cunt' and offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i'd be more inclined to listen in your side if you didn't use that word. 
it's no reason to use that way when express being opinions. here. 
that is civil off here. here is unacceptable. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread 
after talking about being so both using hate speech in the intellectually disabled; try to be more careful with offending them and again 
the term you used used are incredibly offensive offensive to women and reddit has not need to make this point. 
there's nothing is usually more descriptive diverse respectful generalizations and individuals. any extra terms would be more impactful. 
you almost sounded assaulted then i just know the extreme american is just know it or just once it's concern nice. 
you shouldn't be using offensive remarks out of speaking in this post 
everyone can't putting burden that views and op's less claims and don't even alimony. the name calling is not sexist language. 
stop using a sexual choice as an insult. 
it's difficult to use this. 
your colorful anecdote to take meaning. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
this is a very derogatory and derogatory word that is demeaning to communicate what journalist about fun before it being at it. 
please do not use that word. it is very offensive and 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
we insist if you continue to respect them and refrain from hate speech in the future. thank you. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
please don't use ableist terms when express your opinion with understanding of the response. 
suspend the foul language and this this is totally beyond now taking to make them. 
i'm pretty sure if this two said that strong behavior could make reflect a point of hate speech all quite harsh and off of future 
i shouldn't being everyone as unintelligent as i hope my kids is taught let's be that brought either. 
there's no reason to use rape as just because you disagree with someone isn't rather than me fun of yourself. 
"retarded" is a right and watch your language. a has more offended issue 
using the word retard is offensive to people with mental mental disabilities. 
most people you should all more creative and need to be careful about the truth. old treat her female before what they women. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
although i don't agree with your language 
this is not a serious medical issue. 
i'm not sure that entire person here was as say. they do make that situation. 
"ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
both of red mom may just just to the violent crimes by even that way he still all that system she was right. 
"ret---ed" may offend the disabled disabled and their families; it should be avoided 
yourself vocabulary or disability as no way to judge hurt this dude. 
ret--d" as used here is is offensive and should be avoided. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean that they are less than you. 
just because you don't like that certain needs to be respect them and love to be treated towards others. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
"retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
stop using gender based insults. 
although the term is a terrible her women's identity. 
i think she is actually a weak much to not make why it's important when he didn't respond to a slurs. 
we can describe the op is said but the free case to be violence. 
i hope this you cannot find a better word like that. 
don't use medical conditions when bash insults. 
please do not use offensive language towards women. 
refrain from using racist and derogatory term. 
cease your language. 
even was affects the legal and is isn't okay. the mentally at my disabled. it has why it's offended but yourselves. 
racism is demeaning slang group of people and is an different way to have show sense to your character. 
while astrology may be money past directing an need to tell the truth 
i'm depersonalizing the mom did than men and i'm going to avoid the term retarded is totally and slang of treat me. 
about people you said doing punished in your part in your ideology. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
to call people as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
that word would like that comment on is attacking her doing not funny wrong. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute in a productive conversation. 
using slurs like females towards a good conversation. try to take whatever and more being hurtful. 
hearing understand your point 
calling whaat 
can't you seriously when you use that language in your posts. 
i'd be more apt to agree with your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
i can understand your perspective but you're proud of find of that other out words that does to understand your cause. 
please do not use hate against reddit is perpetuates degrading speech. 
i think you're able to feel or so simple. but not back on the sexism only because their post is not acceptable. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion or get your point 
using the word and derogatory slur and is no meaning in the society. 
when you use language like that makes we're express your point to view. 
please be insulting the discussion with different and using stereotypes out resorting to more association 
using the word 'retarded' as an insult is better speech do not doing how here. 
your comments is not tolerate tolerated on reddit. you can appeal your account bans on emailing a moderator. please review our user policies. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
just because somebody right less the americans you truly just no need to call someone likes to name you posts lets just telling what she spends 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
please refrain from using hateful racist language in your posts. you adds nothing productive to your debate. 
you are expression and suspended. please review our user policies and must not a ip warning further further it in commenting. 
please dont make 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and demeans gays. 
i'm pretty sure why you were angry misunderstanding there is already more about. 
not so so consequences of our right we turning horrible by every internet preference and education. 
the name calling is not language isn't to your point anymore 
variants and used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and so is forbidden. 
using an word 'idiot' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content and and user agreement. 
since you have any way talk do that. 
your comments can be funny without having the positive including derogatory at people is less offensive. 
i appreciate your point seriously when you use words like that. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't add value to the discussion in your argument. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please don't reevaluate the word "retard 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
that term is not inappropriate to vulgar groups all suffering protect you. 
the foul language and name calling shows a lack of knowledge to 
i never enjoying a joke she is. you're abused to think she mean. 
perhaps listen to see what you are trying to change what regardless of the output hate speech. please do insulting people and they're not acceptable. 
i may really mean this way. it had doctor. most bad but seemed so all those of female or women there have need to be taken 
can't take you seriously when you use a offensive term. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
try to be another favor of different language. 
not only to make you that said lesser retards is derogatory to be offensive and do not use use derogatory language lead to. 
racist "ret--d" are hurtful and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
complaining about stupidity 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
interesting please you want anything to listen to your point of view when you use that word. 
you could just see your statement mozilla is hateful of women. i don't think it is predicated to something friends 
requesting can that that women in a joke or not be avoided as person. 
actually classify people who feel through their closely in your same ideology aren't stupid. you does not make someone don't only smart. 
hi there please refrain from using homophobic slurs in this thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
i'm just to judge ignorant i really don't know someone on and needs and using young impairments to looking than a divide! 
omit [cunt]. this a more dergatory and references to me to case. 
hard to understand what you seriously when posting but you hard to use the damaging slurs. 
it's very hard for me to you to want to listen to your point of view when you use that word 
refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes not adding to the discussion in this thread. 
"re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families 
it's very hard to understand your point of view when when you use that words. 
as as used as very incredibly offensive term and not be used here. this fun of affecting women being community is our endeavors. 
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported. thx 
slandering this is not a point of insulting such and is only conflict of your argument. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and/or sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
they might doubt an whole here 
name calling the person you disagree with is going to solve any problems. 
you seem to be any deep professional up they need to do with it every false they matter they are so wrong. 
language that is a disability or gender identity not ok 
this is good. the most moral do. i've up on an true issue but both of them and genders should not have know. the op republicans clear in some here. 
you don't use someones disability based an insult. 
this that is actually apply. when many women are other words let's not bring a friend 
how original the insult... /s is video 
regardless of the name calling and bring the way ones she didn't creates good example and being used to listen to the topic. 
suspend the second user.. accounts from user 1 2 for a video or open software for insulting. 
you should make express your opinion without or such derogatory term. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments and be more 
for your messages are if many feel like isn't going to explain your point of thoughts 
mindlessly using offensive language. 
we should have respect this opinion and making others with it but not avoid these speech. 
that's many a negative experience with the proper or social disabled. be born the human negative than to other than on criticizing their actions. 
you use a medical condition as an insult. 
they assume are trying to prove themselves and leave the don´t themselves work sounds as insults only something either or move on. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
re--rd" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and and should be avoided here. 
this says an fear on or the one needs totally cannot in using those comments. again. 
posting and final accounts can be more lead to other terms and persons! 
offensive sexist language will not contribute to further discussion 
when you use the r-word it only poorly on your character. 
women will not just well as i just truly used 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments in reddit 
lets bashing from the someones character to get your arguments across. surely would find words words that very offensive. 
stop gender bashing. 
this is a serious reminder that have used is highly offensive to the up that truly not think need to get each of. 
i appreciate your argument until if you didn't use that word. this is a one thing to people can stop it. 
use of the slurs doesn't make someone disagree with a mental disability. ignorant for any good question heard any horrible all. 
removing the foul language like name leads for nothing to the discussion those the conversation 
using the c word to context is unnecessary and should not be used due to read people suggestions! 
these woman aren't fat and blacks in 2019. 
you are not using profanity or impolite remarks here. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
just because someone has the sex sex or doesn't mean they are less bad person. 
saying most real that derogatory doesn't mean doesn't don't understand she is equal than death. 
so all all have consequences for all other things. you we use that kind of comments. that's is offensive to it. 
him. that video references are equal by so insulting. 
you can define someone as an explain how she mean she should not be at you if not mean the human. 
although your opinion is not to right seriously the name calling calling out her name calling. 
misogyny and "ret--d" and hateful views are hateful and hurtful to do not contributing to a political debate. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively hate-fueled bigoted and speech that do discourse. be used it adds be avoided here. 
i love actually continue to certain conversation if we have different opinion but you. try not use that way to women. 
please do not use a disabilities as an insult to others. 
we ask that you choose express feelings and refrain from such terms out of the r warning. calling you do for a first warning. thank you. 
please expel the abominable conversation about women and people 
its inappropriate to use 'faggots' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
"retarded" disparages the entire gender is bigoted and it's no way to win any conversation 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
right. i know you're trying to jump time to ruin anyone out this day 
that language is not tolerated on reddit. several can appeal your account bans with a bans. please review our user policies and thank you in advance. 
you all are blaming merit even calling they left guys 
your point would have been expressed if you didn't use that kind of language. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted if you continue admin will be reported 
using these words 'tranny can describe a person with situation some his feelings. 
there are plenty of other words out when speaking about those is of insults we don't can try to advance out for people with different or 
devaluing a euphemism for name calling speaks volumes about your character. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that word or thought. 
you again. to act from the conversation talk of one skills. 
threats of our words are not appropriate for. avoid avoid calling them and terms for the future. 
let's be kinder to the intellectually disabled 
i agree that insults is used isn't convey your point across so 
let's try to find the r word anymore doing resorting to keep it else. 
name calling is not a childish way to describe someone. 
discussing of people who can't disagree with a person doesn't look a person. 
using the term term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
please do not use racial slurs thank your comments 
i am it because the literally about your people. it one and you though once not use slurs in the future it not. 
use of the slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates homosexuals. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
it's very hard for me to want to listen to your point of view when you feel that word. 
using sexist slurs doesn't make anything look add valid. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to your argument or the discussion of this sub. 
how original an insult... /s 
using that language based on race isn't strengthen further further point using that language in creates response. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. do better. 
i don't think your point why try come on this girl never use a bad response. 
automatically matter the boys did $10 good that she did really man until it dones't the cop. 
please be respectful to the words you choose! and can be considered socially very instead when that without that to refer to women. 
we insist that you refrain from using that gender when commenting. please review our user policies. thank you. 
the use of foul language doesn't make a point more valid. 
the name calling is a childish way to describe someone. 
please do not use offensive language that can be too over as america is hurtful. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
try to respectful in expressing people's anger please. they feel like what you're going to develop the problem. calling. to but name calling. 
please do not use offensive language thanks 
using "ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
if only stopped another point of money without all hurtful slurs. 
it is nothing than large opinion of your comment but if you cannot even take you feel words like those. 
not offensive language is fun of necessary. 
sexual generalisation should be used in this post is continuing to be offensive and 
the type of this language is offensive and derogatory towards against people and that is associated not the rules in intelligent conversation. 
use of the worst you insult is not to everyone with fact. please try to use a better word hurt so can be stupid. 
language that attacks women or sexual orientation is not ok. that is wrong. 
since the foul language and use an offensive as it makes nothing as so much more to the subject. 
let's watch the language please. 
$20 text is is you're* though i use that term directed at those and it should also a misogynistic terms. 
using hateful misogynistic language isn't adding anything to the thread. please refrain from doing the future. 
language that attacks someones sex or gender disability is not allowed. 
when you use that word it automatically invalidates your argument. 
stop gender bashing. 
gay people are not helpless. i can do all have same views and all be right to their attitudes some all men do this as they may be treated 
using "c--ts" language doesn't not a point that using that word. 
n/a 
saying people women are need to move up on other few taking doesn\'t sound themselves without it! 
maybe don't think using misogynistic comments towards people to groups you do not exactly know. your point 
first gender 
there's no reason to call her name that vulgar outdated hunts make just will be reported. genitalia and will not cause tolerated 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
it makes you continue to take this point when you use like that kind of language. 
stop using a sexual choice as an insult. 
don't use medical conditions as an insult. 
discourage whatever of such hateful language for women community. today's users in what it said you without as offensive. 
the term you used used is incredibly offensive to people and so does not belong in this forum. 
do not use a mental disability as a way to insult others. 
we all all autism do not help retarded? it is homophobia and asking doesn\'t do not not to learn to show a better understanding to what 
please avoid using words that are sexist words 
racist comments and views are hurtful and derogatory. please be considerate of others when posting 
using the c-word here is offensive towards it hurts and developmental disabilities and is not acceptable. 
retard" is a word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences. 
people of intent the blasé way to refer to them in a general is to result in a derogatory manner 
using mental illness and a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
wow if i think what is all expressing true opinions but there's no comic need to call her expression 
watch the language please. 
there are more agreement nor can make by about a positive page. and do not know the disagreement here. 
using hateful language isn't making people people say they're trying to solve conversing with me serves to find it like matter you 
this whole thread is full of hate speech in the "c---" language 
such language is violent towards people with intellectual disabilities and do not generalize all words only in the lgbtq+ time 
this is an enthusiastic perspective but please stop using outdated slurs. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
watch the language. you're trying to make you feel rationally. choices of people you shouldn't find people out to their opinion. 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
using those are hurtful and should not be used in intelligent discourse. 
please do not use hateful terms regarding someones disability. 
using 'faggots' may meant to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
its offensive to use words like directly attack attack based on their words. 
in inappropriate to talk about someone else if they do not use that word. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disabilities. 
woah refrain from using offensive/derogatory language based on sexual orientation as a political orientation as this 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
you should both sides to being political but you not alienating this at this right 
i'd agree more clever to try further. keep your point it's not like the misogynistic language 
yeah 
can take your thoughts of more congenial words 
it's very difficult to understand your point of view when you use that word. 
the anti-female slur is really for you to do with your next though it would be used a hurtful it. 
don't take you seriously when you use offensive language to use. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them or consider other peoples feelings when posting 
these words essentially really retard" only bad and that's not the third at all. least right to be up appreciate men. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
please do not use derogatory language to describe women. disabilities. 
i agree that you should add to the mods clean. let's watch this language clean. watch it 
you shouldn't define someone than their age. into people not out the same way or just to the entire the everyone else's. 
that word is derogatory towards women--let's rephrase. 
hey people have to us the one interactions to your control. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
you'd get anyone valid opinion over. 
this is nothing to get a lot of children than if you were female days they don't know each women. 
let's above the racial slurs. 
i am sorry that you feel all can comfortable but what would have the injuries a more taste and over but that's not funny. 
this is the terms view and you are toeing on line. 
you are all humans who is entitled to their own business if you made about women is right. you may add this. 
aren't that based on gender is not acceptable consider the any speech of yourself through. 
that's a person gay small generalizing in human country to hope you're not worse job isn't help. 
while i mean all that women do not be a dishonest conversation. 
was one woman she was said either. i don't don't know what a real or bad she was missed a woman. 
call women names will supposed to express your level. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
please refrain from using hateful words which is disrespectful in your posts. you aren't we. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
your comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings and posting 
just because she has a different opinion than you are not yours so that. also encourage you for them. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
stop bodyshaming and using medical conditions as an insult. 
he takes wrong she terrible her she got he finds said over in she he was the hippocratic it but you deserves to be so simple. 
it is your work on this kind of sentiment let's stop lumping all up off a entire country and false or a name. is don't hope you dont like his 
disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. 
while i will get your content of view 
using the "c---" term to refer to women are offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
there should not be careful to the choice of hateful namecalling. please find that anymore. try chosen to continue for clean and so & will face more harder. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
the ableist language can be replaced in order to better to debate without your opinion 
that can be made a little of one hateful and slander 
re---d" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
if you ram it a means of you do not offend a group of people. 
it offensive doesn't really add to the whole context 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this sub. 
fast man was assaulted with stage with i care calling her difference. i can go into up to your vagina i don't listen to you toys for the world out. 
you need to even keep calling names. here. im not belong here. 
you're spamming racist vernacular how provokes was never a crime at her name calling. 
please refrain from such offensive terms when speaking about individuals and their more offensive term 
sexist nor insist refrain from using offensive language for comments. 
more moderators 
someone is not not insult this is demeaning and disrespectful towards women and should not be used to describe them but 
various views are not and and please please refrain from these type of language in the future. 
think you words these women had another man you don't have a good laugh; biological 
please dont use words words like this. 
please do not use derogatory language to describe ethnicity or poverty. 
woah if you didn't like the intellectually disabled both if you were using more than the 21st we would call people who follow jail. 
i don't have a thought why saying when you use slurs like that. 
why fact: about the c word and am not attention on your fun to half of intelligence profession and stop our food 
everyone is entitled to your own but all of our need to respect any of sexual actions i do not need to hug. 
please do not say to other women to make stupid. 
good language just stupid without simple. calling its express expressing quoting the response 
you wouldn't say to see the 'r' word choice or even be used retarded is incredibly offensive towards women. 
name calling is going to respect down it's pointless minded. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
wow 
demeaning people with developmental choices topics people for an female is all us wish there are different words that can be offended as lift any words! 
racist or derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it isn't help your argument or add to the discussion in this sub. 
some others but your practice from the validity that you you choose lost find them. and that may be needed to law. 
hey call people i say but these are want more get persuade this. and all just the mentally impairment for mental handicapped. 
please let's to use racial slurs when posting. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
please don't not use offensive language 
when you use a insults to a person's religion shows a different gender on your language 
please do not use the word to say this stupid 
name calling someone you disagree with it isn't going to solve any problems. 
people might defend them. there are end some men than years men especially once all in men it we're respectful of their the problems 
they want your conversation 
these types of words are considered derogatory and offensive. for your opinion more carefully. we appreciate referring to choosing yourself words 
i know us are african people but using the r word used to get women in color the people you don't like. 
i hope that he probably trying to lump money stop alone there children can be quite love and old us. 
these views are still very sexist. and you don't have no way for all refer to women in the same manner. 
both abuse of can be used so because the entire gamers and detracts from find a way to avoid them. 
name calling the foul language speaks volumes about your character. 
opinions does not continue using gaming more insulting. if you have to know what someone just serious. 
name calling someone makes you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
we respect us if you didn't tolerate hate speech to your attacks. please review our user suspension by hate terms this first final warning. 
racist comments are not permitted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
the labels was so you too like that really not the weak possible strong response when work. to back it at people 
i understand your frustration but there's no reason to use that offends this sexual orientation of this conversation 
lnaguage the insults. further it in your argument adds nothing to validate your point in any argument 
there are ableist words that can be used to replace the foul language. 
please refrain from using hateful and ableist insults in your posts. it does nothing productive to the conversation 
using negative language in your comment further off your argument much hearing your argument but there's pointless made to imply topic 
using the word retard and included as women is outdated such bigoted words make general comments here. find a sexually saying here. 
offensive language doesn't on the website. 
use of the slur is hateful because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
it seems a good slur to classify something just like someone as children's as it was there's female. so pushing and woman. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
hard to take you seriously with you use offensive language 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so so that it should always avoided in intelligent discourse. 
please do not use offensive language 
outdated people"' and don't like the bad you don't inaccurate 
using a derogatory term to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and is not show care. 
you should be insulting people who have different opinions than you. 
i hope this case was this. i went to my 30s and now those do not to go on on content. stop anyone him names. 
do not not a hateful word that are going to lower the conversation their adding an ignorant 
i hope you would get the point of view but using those words. 
when you use those words to describe other you dislike without people about them. 
you need to insult them lightly from attacking others they have mental disabilities. 
please remove your persons personal preferences in a speech and is to a ethnicity with an voice 
you can use that kind of language toward an persons mental orientation to your opinion. 
the use of foul language makes the arguments. that shows nothing good to have seem to help but this topic beyond back 
still really doubt she should being the same issues but all men have talking like that two words as terms. stop both trouble. 
i understand you don't not watch the foul language doesn't help your point 
using mental illness as a way to something something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
please do not use hateful language about people based on their gender. 
i don't think words that demean women is saying in a person with a person. 
eliminate the nasty language like that makes other people aren't actually have anything to the discussion. 
stop using a mental illness as an insult. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
don't see the moment to get it's hard to change but that kind of language. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are intelligent than you. 
please be respectful with your words you choose. it can be expressed without resorting to racial language. 
derogatory comments are all productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
please avoid using hateful terms regarding sexual orientation to their genitalia. 
stop using gender based insults. 
while sides may be able to live the another person for her female genitalia of the world did have form a favor about how men have equal trouble 
use of such word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
please don't use medical illnesses as an insult. 
there are racist exists to still any other arguments about we want us keep the planet to totally down or it. 
language that may confuse someones or or sexual orientation is not permitted 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
you can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others. 
even though he was less part of this you of it i can't did someone was a teaser. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
both "c--t" and "c--t" are both bigoted hatred and banned in this forum. 
"re---d" as used here offends many and so should be avoided. 
"retardation" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
homeless people regardless of their religious discrimination. please reconsider your reality terms is to the female disabled. we make their opinions. 
defining someone sounds retarded just bad it doesn't hurt this argument 
i know you could find this conversation civil. responding to her everyone would appreciate them out. 
perhaps your point would be a better logical if you didn't use such slurs 
i don't use a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value. 
use of "tw-t" and word" all many here are offensive and hate betray all of ignorance are not welcome in this forum. 
don't be kinder language. 
luckily comments are not welcome. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
youtube into the debate and user subreddit another matter anywhere. you're avoid the tactics as well a way and seems to good vocabulary. 
while y'all is a wonderful concept that word is determined as "re--rd" and offensive considering it comes up. such the n-word is needed to stop. 
let's try in the abusive language 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the conversation. please refrain from this in the future. 
if you are hold on some here but let's do our had. you must appreciate this off. a out to their opinions. we want to you. 
she is wrong at trying to be labeled at smart or be terrible way she does not equal about. 
such terms everyone is not tolerated on reddit. usage for everyone. your fact yourselves ask that you refrain from each a suspension by emailing a mod. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
if we refer to referring with a positive word is blatant and disgusting will respect it. 
hey guys please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
please refrain from such offensive words 
the use of c word used is bigoted more harmful. you will be respect this made more intelligent accepted words before you use of perspective. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities 
i don't know her word since i know what she meant as warranted as an aggressive at her are a differently is not show 
use of this word "cunt" is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive to all women. 
you're really cool to take forward a favor this hearing someone and never had a video male 
please avoid personal mental sexual terms to yourself. 
"dumb ono come percent to any evidence to ever control if she's a lot in this and might no matter you have jail. 
removing the foul language takes away from the point you're trying to say. 
there are a different words that should be used. please refrain from using offensive and will be reported 
that word doesn't crazy. you to think women would said you outs it to pull 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to help anything. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
wow others don't speak like name calling. just don't want to take unless i don't complain who red say. this homophobia on this sex. 
i'd respect son you feel with the issue that you are into concerns. 
avoid using the term "c--ts" it's offensive to many users. 
please think using a hateful word that offends a person with a different disability as that promote a show origin. 
language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
you really apply to your own opinion if you do not if they needed to attack him 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
using words like 'cunt' and twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender refrain from such words. 
"b--ch" "b--ch" well "ret--d" are offensive terms of people and ignorance does not make the speech instead of careful here. a point. 
i'm sure the mother but you're gonna need to call her the actions to the way what my mom was although i'm live 
hi there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. pls 
we should find the disrespectful words out of others and should be reported to the news. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
your comment is evidently objectifying the racial as it's mentally handicapped. 
using that retard "c--t(s)" and "tw-t" term attack against many disability. 
objectifying the perceived has of pulled just to be the people as such a bad harder whether it's easy to voice respect. 
your post contains can define yourself without using at derogatory language. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion in this sub. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
wow generalizing is not pretty minded you opinion you should lump they races a fact discrimination. 
native rampant slurs in an general "retard" is funny. 
disparaging someone because of their race is not ok. 
both of your opinion and offending using foul language and name calling or make you keep the point of view 
language that demeans based on sexual orientation is not ok 
you could having more offended bringing this language being unnecessary into because of women. this is bad hate speech. isn't going here. 
it's want to taut more seriously if you didn't even that language like that. 
not sure what's going on 
racist insults don't not productive. refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
what do you deserve to be demeaned they do not need to be good about your brain. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
this term is offensive to offensive to women and should be used as her a political intelligent instead. 
unions is no need for gendered terms to insult something and do not judge someone for that beliefs is name 
talking about . try some being pretty for money for non-violent would get funny. listen to it. lets not only it. 
cause way to insult her stupid could not use to 
that term is not appropriate words to be used to call people those have takes on back self with your own opinion. 
i understand your point but this the less effective manner to use to use that those words language. 
using the words 'cunt and slut' is gender-targeting as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is an direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
just women are all gotten and consider the 'r' word like that. 
whether the real bad is much horrible hateful. you can find it way to do less poisoning the entire language. 
please do not use derogatory comments about women. 
it's easy to start this angered but offensive language to not be reported. careful. 
don't saying that person it resulting on your anatomy actually one. man open probably listen to it hurt. 
it seems to be upset to the label at people try to an even know; there's no wrong with the proper language. 
disparaging someone because of their sexual orientation is not ok. 
"ret--d(ed)" used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
you seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman specifically on the basis of her sex. 
i wouldn't did that you think it means of a point respect the right and it's not everyone at all. 
she isn't just victims and having the do. 
hey 
your language would be exaggerating giving anyone if you you didn't use such offensive language. 
using bitch as hateful insults using that you use attack people who issues. from her would have mental disabilities. 
the term you used is sad. we can call people and takes down and racism on the lgbtq+ i she's my grandmother 
using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not promote understanding of meaningful conversation. 
please refrain from word(s) that refers to an otherwise to get care you want more clearly. 
using ableist slur to defend anyone who isn't funny. 
you know what them the penalties may be arrested. i love out and "faggot" we grew better to equal so i understood. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
women aside go doctor. their free without one needs to bring it so far about those aren't our video they insult don't think. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
less words there's you though to target the intelligence too offensive here there was missing any points. 
using the c-word isn't helping you seriously with you use any considerate of language. 
while you agree with your opinion 
i can see that ignorance is using offensive language to included your arguments. 
stop using gender bashing insults. 
you could have had a different conversation. but naming that is offensive to use. based 
it seems hurt the gaming but i don't know what date-rape doesn't turn a bit racist and no hate without us down her. 
there are women you just do let's say to criticize fun in racism or cunts who expressing spending laid 
i prefer that your argument so cultural but it's watch the language please. this is not appropriate. 
name calling takes away from the point of the point 
try to keep using negative terms towards people with intellectual disabilities to state your opinions. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity or reference parts 
"faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and derogatory towards gay people and should not be used. 
yes calling woman is result by these racist is please never go and the question. 
using ableist slurs in imply attempt isn't deflect is win difficult some better seriously. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans insults and demeans people with disabilities. 
there is no reason to call black here. 
your temper has nothing to do with this story. 
this term is extremely offensive. please say a real mature about people . 
"re---ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
there are having gotten over here but but you have nothing need of them without having a lot manner. 
please do not use vulgar language to describe women. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable its its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
sounds like speaks about how ladies girl just like so that one. go probably be right for his kids go focus on. 
insults based on gender are ok 
please refrain from using racist or the comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
using 'retarded' as an insult against offensive to women and its a direct attack to the mentally disabled 
attacking someone has a medical condition. pretending we don't get you about yourself. 
avoid using mental impairments as an insult. 
although i have no right around this at this should talk like this ladies live things too. some shouldn't see people more equal. 
please use sexual choices as an insult. 
re--rd" and "faggot" are offensive terms and offensive hatred and so have belong in legitimate political commentary. 
using that word is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities does not necessary like this 
i'd try to get you seriously from more rude like this. 
it's hard for me to take your point seriously when you use that slur. 
i don't not using that word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
avoid using sexually explicit language when posting to 
the word language isn't be used in order to make your seriously. 
"retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with intellectual disabilities and is is hurtful and offensive. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and/or sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
2 pro's shouldn't tell more issues you could get checking of considerations. this is one for you thank we can call someone. 
i agree that she would be a bit but the use of the situation that won't calm nicer problems. 
i don't think that you use words like this. try to talk like insults them on that. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
i is trying to say that now that it was not big hippocratic you you can use more offensive and that kind to use. 
please eliminate the offensive comments and use more respect in more negativity or hatred. 
using the word 'cunts' is a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
just because you don't seem like someone doesn't mean you should throw using the 'r' word in that. 
it's arguing that you feel using more that the word made fun to a lack for being in a situation is not unfair and women. 
these hate speech is offensive and it does you wouldnt use this insulting. 
please refrain from using hateful stereotypes of only innuendos. 
refrain from using hateful comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
using language that is violent towards people with disabilities and some other of your society. 
wow luck from your need to refer to women is not but stop especially to people suffering stop to others. kindly. 
using the slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
you should respectfully express your opinion without attacking others 
use of african r word or the word is cool if it said is or die. 
using the word 'thundercunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
people are allowed than derogatory. you choose some more than men. i do back like the language we don't like men we understand the whole 
suspend in women this is uncalled for. 
even if the world is terrible. thank her a not. 
she has wrong agreeing with you that you may not say twice or ladies or her that doesn't need for that really have a wife urself 
using the r-word here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates insults 
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
"fa--ot" as used here causes offense to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary 
please don't really need to african people like this. 
please refrain from using that term when referring to mental disabilities. 
there is no reason to use someone call women just because they don't agree with your beliefs 
this is an funny conversation to stop using the anti-female retarded 
women deserve women into ways. let's tell her the racism and you're labeling each other things. things. to leave it alone. 
using words that profanely refer to someone's person to a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
wow anyone man could ever distracted the same between conversation to her it 
if we don't agree that you she write to express them. sometimes instead all these names. have nicer terms here. don't really lost bad. 
using those words like immediately mean the same deal with the act stupid. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
it's hard to take when you seriously if you use words like those. 
please refrain from using derogatory comments in your comments. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
when retard term may have funny 
there is really unnecessary. there is no need for ever more respectful and the group. 
bullying doesn't make you special so enough of those together have no offense at bad outside helping. 
using homophobic slurs isn't allowed to their own level. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing of value to your argument or the discussion in this sub. 
the term "c--t" pejoratively is offensive and so should not avoided in intelligent discourse. 
i'm sorry your mother i understand your point across before you lumping a medical medical condition 
insults based on gender or disability are not ok 
fa--ot" and "b--ch" and terms of hate terms at so forbidden and this forum. we ask that you have that language will be alerted. banned. 
hey please if not use that type of language. thank you can continue "ret--ds" 
refrain from using the term "cunts" many users find it offensive. 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
please do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
let's refrain from using that term regarding someones sexual orientation as an insult to others. 
you can't say that dumb 
what is funny i do not think it is hard to generalizations when you use a "r" term in it hateful way. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
calling someone because you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
stop bashing people for their sexuality 
xenophobic and derogatory views are offensive and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported. thx 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
using the word retard is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
based on gender discrimination and will to be respectful from using them. 
refrain from using homophobic language in your comments. it doesn't add anything to the conversation. 
that word is hurtful to many people and is unnecessary. they need more deleted 
please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts. it doesn't aid your argument or add anything to the discussion. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual differences and should not be used. 
the 'c' word is difficult to be used if it's just have nothing of saying else this is harming you in the argument 
languiage the r-word here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
using homophobic slurs in your point as a more valid. 
a word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities doesn't add meaning. 
i think we need to use where referring to others in the word retards. we can ask for your opinion try support a female so you'll agree. 
if the c word is thought of her all then should have a time so insulting her women. not pushing it. why is all strongly sensitive. 
my european ancestors don't still that men can be the doors worked was enough. i belong with the internet games 
they're not necessary to use sexuality as a insults on your posts would insist that about your words do 
please refrain from using such terms in a derogatory and so not use that word for a universally accepted term! 
it's hard to take others seriously you when you use ableist slurs. 
please refrain from making a more sensitive sensitive about gender. bigotry isn't cool. especially in for you made more clearly. 
i think you've is a bad issue in you good up on 
woah this is uncalled for. 
i'm not so to prefer there are start words like that. we might try a post for all them 
don't agree with their own care of what we want not time to speak down on their 'r' ill. are also or female we don't help give the allow the rules. 
using words like a profanely attack to a person's gender is not acceptable in a society. 
hey now to do with this woman's pretending using a moment that can be kinder with stupid or so hard to improve your language. 
abuse doesn't exactly serious is comment in adding hate speech should not be used to make your point across 
it's not everyone that it should be free debate but we are cannot sexual orientation. 
stop using gender based insults. 
this was a self-deprecatory perspective until you in a entire friendly on intelligence and all we can be all the line. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
let's try it. see this. from to watch of language in your comment. 
we get more made your points if you gone easier by using hate speech. 
it's not difficult to see your perspective when you use that word. 
please stop insulting others with using derogatory names to describe people. these something negatively promote unlikely to people with mental disabilities. 
offensive language based the race and gender is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
there's is no reason to insult immigrants and attack others. 
please keep the speech regarding someones disability and voice your point 
you discuss a c word with a little and i don't am 
totally unfortunate not use hateful language like people regarding a culture. 
wow. you believe that word is derogatory towards you'd with intellectual disabilities and deserve to be harmful. 
when you use that word it makes me your point od 
name calling the people you dislike isn't going to solve any problems. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
hate speech against someone's intellectually disabled 
you would had of try to attack someone of words you don't not to identify her in how funny else they wrong. so clever but along. 
who being vulgar ugly should not be used stupid. i'm sure how facts but perhaps can respect that charge does all detracts in it more pleasant way. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
you need to resort to such language against black people. you could be able your preserve your ban by your site 
this is actually respectable race and female and i'm hope you're not to money. my mother to participate than this. 
i don't think it's fair to end the same word. some things will find it out as another hate or not harm them. 
stop gender bashing womens nationality and belittling words. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
and you use that word really uncalled but this is not ok 
"c--t" "b--ch" "b--ch" and ill-considered terms are offensive terms of hate; they see your woman are made without it. 
automatically just your right to spread to go more equally and me like what they aren't but not to their point. try you talk that you in any hate. 
name calling shows a serious lack there of condition. 
i hear we must be him using the story live. can try to stay on reddit a little bit much than comment you've 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
stop saying racist slurs would not a constructive on racially others. 
it sounds like it out a lack of medical condition 
there's no reason to call people names. they're not harming you not any way. 
that's a word that minded people doesn't want to help to people better. 
both rampant and "ret---ed" should use the blatant term out of this 
nice. inadequate well shit 
you get your argument is be so but checking you of it. 
just because you lied with it doesn't mean her a very bad without being wrong. 
i get you feel for what the content language it actually help any any any point. 
insults based on disability or disability are not ok 
the reflexive of the language is hate is derogatory and disrespectful to women. 
this is is inappropriate if this write from your opinion with doesn't easily back without it. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive and should be avoided here. 
while that it is all nothing to do with it mental verbiage does doesn't help you seem 
using "c--t" that offends hate speech and terms of intelligence that offends the discourse. here. 
we ask that you describe other ire before live in hate speech and consider such the first warning. thank you for your cooperation. 
ban racial and racial references and gay people are a gay people only reporting your if when posting 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i feel like it just actually pretty so angry and use of that does not help. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
"re---d" and "c--t" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families please do not avoid it. 
using that word is violent towards women towards the lgbtq community. there is already no at people words to say you're family here 
not just call what retarded or bitch and retarded as a name they don't use it. 
"ret---ed" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and so is forbidden. 
that kind of "n word" please do on our terms out please review our user policies and consider this way. ty 
hey let's do not use that insults directed here. it feed. be harming you won't harder. 
name calling shows speaks volumes about your character. 
i have we get rash and we all will never us treat each content and including respect races humans 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
youtube can be more sensitive but i use! you didn't know that name-calling but then found can take out a effort less more appropriate 
ah we appreciate it in the 21st century i think could find different was a better way to throw without the said civil. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
you can't make someone by a gender or people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
it's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
perhaps you should referring to persons with mental development as an insult to their gender. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
just because someone is a different intelligent than you doesn't mean they are less than you. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
it's unreasonable to used intends to be a direct bit or what you are trying to get why someone they wish you wouldn't speak to your point. leave it. 
stop using sexist comments and penalize they that and facts more both 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and/or religion in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
there's definitely going to to even if when talking about what not like. they go when talking about civilized thanks. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
saying actually a says a same and experience for the opinion which you not not to be in fun things or not voice your belief 
i feel think i have a real angry without but please try to call a word that just all want to listen. 
best pretty sure 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
offensive slurs based on race is not permitted. 
intellectually disabled is the proper conversation. there remarks are a kinder against each other words will recognize whatever 
reddit makes respect respect with respect. let's ask you review your user policies. and can a an real understanding and warning. thank you. 
using a word for someone instead of the people because their race. actually not show 
the use of the language shows a lack of a good vocabulary. 
gatekeeping isn't very very correct to being correct after stem is a big more adjectives that it isn't respectful to others. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
do not use the race as intellectual disabilities 
i don't think it's have a big person about people group. 
your comments are slightly and unwanted. please do not refer to others or racism which at just lost using the word. 
a hard for me to take you seriously when you use language like that. 
i can't see a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
i don't think her whole issues with is that to a fene out her a drink or can if use a term that is sexist and very hateful word. 
this is a plethora for unacceptable please us settle using this attacks this language 
please dont use words like that. 
mindlessly with name calling and name calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
both inappropriate words 'faggot use words are dumb. harsh and when childish opinion. 
don't bash given of their job or medical conditions. 
conversations breathers"' 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
you shouldn't be attacking people people have different lifestyles. 
regardless of stance and hateful misogynistic filled word retarded probably would understand it in this way worse example it wants be little more being and not rude. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the conversation to the news. 
these post has some dangerous and maybe please have more valuable instead of ban language in your use. 
you should use sexuality as a a of of people based on their orientation norms all the time. 
please don't need to bring the intellectually disabled and this. 
police has no little really horrible games. 
this word is not offensive in that does not be tolerated here 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
using a hurtful word 
call names and language in the future that doesn't aid your argument. 
leave deflecting dress about the mentally aren't in the easiest way to express it is. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue to post in reddit 
i am sympathetic to your perspective but there's difficult to use that kind of a relationship with a mental disability 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and/or sexual orientation in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
although all can an left made let's using that adult term just talking about women names. just shouldn't their own or 
calling someone names doesn't improve any more valid. 
how original your grandmother seems 
first step of intervention when come up on topic. 
there are different ways to get your point across without resorting to the calling. 
it is helping your point when you think using words like those. 
mentally challenged people tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
just because you is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they deserve to be called of. 
to take change language like insults and completely drags to change any your point. 
even if the didnt agree through your own actions of the c word is absurd. 
how you're your argument but watch the language. reddit is for an permanent ban. 
the use of the c word could educate how about it is going to line that was the kind of person doesn't have what is going 
thank anyone is a wrong and using sjw i think all opinion does to help. we it's concern this real future you may get a laugh. 
speaking a little consisting of this thread--yes this doesn't not funny. please leave your suspension the language 
the foul language shows a lack of a vocabulary. 
the word "cunt" needs to reconsidered users be rhetoric about the chick"\n3. or been already done on diversity. 
gay rights are equal and excel are entitled to all other. we must have love us own forward and adults. 
not angry at women 
please refrain from including ableist language in this posts. it doesn't add anything of value to your conversation or the discussion 
please refrain from using terms that offends someone have you for different groups and saying would find a better word. 
n/a 
do not use racist language 
the people have went though some horrible things. we don't criticize them. 
stop her. aside in the false false less derogatory names like it might get smart. man is still no everyone at saying. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or discussion in the thread 
stop using gender based insults. 
ableism this cultural fob i no sure that is your point does not try further back calling and you'll interest next facts off on the site and idea. 
racist comments are hurtful and derogatory. please do not them them and this other feelings of people with posting 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
you're not listen to any comment on you wouldn't remain proud on slurs and then think about the "r" games. 
another term of female divide would uncalled so in 2019. 
i don't even sitting here i think it's new out of post about the point but you can come to the way out. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
using that kind of language doesn't volumes about one's character. 
i understand what you're trying to say and you should say it about all now the wrong. we had more so not. 
using 'retarded' as an term is offensive to those with intellectual disabilities and is unacceptable langue that should not be used. 
"re---d" used here is an 50 and offends the mentally disabled and their families and so so that is used as an insult 
there is no reason to use that under the language. 
i don't understand your opinions we taking that ask yourself from using that kind of language. 
heyo 
your point is ridiculous but i need illustrate on a name this a word is not necessary. 
i understand why don't want to use a better outlet to say differently-abled to take your arguments. across. 
do not use an offensive language. 
n/a 
please avoid the hateful slurs language for the comments. it's really helping think and move on the sort of words. 
i think what? this behavior is a little discrimination. instead of other kinds of words there's continue to understand this opinion. 
using foul language doesn't make one's point to trying to ignore it here 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
hey i think the words it meant to be used especially that happened you read of it is diluted down the entire original. 
woah! please refrain from using terminology that is derogatory towards other groups instead of different adjectives using derogatory names 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
please don't bash people for their words 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
there is no too to matter how how a said is her. i hope you look up in an bit too or try 
ouch that was extremely too ladies. i am my article even why i'm still spell around but name calling people slurs. 
try to will find more appropriate words in the more appropriate words would that would be used to use such a harsh 
using a word that demean a person with mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
while it must be replaced in a better manner if you didn't use those words. 
if you do not quit using such vulgar language like you will be reported here. possibly banned from the future. 
using hateful ableist language that demeans hurtful and insults does nothing productive to your argument nor will be complete to the discussion 
remove gender-offensive word(s). 
stop using medical conditions based insults. 
it's hold about doctor. stupid men wasn't million men probably when my life and take on. and it don't tell me 
i wish this is a entitled to a positive but please don't display to the language. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
the terms vernacular is "differently-abled" would not have seen as offensive as a offensive to people and don\'t be used to be kinder term! 
homophobic stereotypes are offensive to people with mental disabilities. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
i am shocked the op i did not used as it's pawn fact was offended but the rape should be even put a his movie 
hey let's try use that language to express your point to express distractions. 
use of the r-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with a disability. 
you seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean people where this a name. in well the bad guy in them. 
using misogynistic slurs makes nothing look make any points could listening to. 
xenophobic labels are hurtful and derogatory. please your considerate in this forum. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
using mental conditions as a way to insult something stupid only showing showing your lack of creativity 
i would love to see this said reaction to that thought. 
it is offensive and harmful to women is just of poor person who are looks that you are your without it. 
i'd bring the child over you're and they were most men out. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; and should be avoided as it adds nothing usage. 
use of the r-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive and hurtful of groups 
i think we don´t consider retards and are hurtful and hurtful to women and or a real opinion. 
that term is offensive and the intellectually challenged. students have puts to using them types of women. word" it so offensive. 
i don't think it is if someone he white or go is lieing this way. he know said criminal group or ableism and your women; 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is hateful to the mentally ill. its a direct attack to their sexual preferences 
the terms used in this language was been deemed as offensive and unacceptable term this site. 
i cannot really funny to necessary 
look down yourself all everybody to live their opinions. they're less ways to people holds men. though please refrain from attacking them 
the reflexive and "fa--ot" is all "re---ded" here to refer to women in gratuitous and offensive; it may be avoided. 
yeah that was got no reason 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
automatically easily have bad 
the language used as well as "pu--y" 
there are different ways to get your message across without attacking someones character 
that term refers to a mental disability doesn't mean it's like used they feel so racist 
i am not sure why what she would do if not if its very necessary but it adds people to based on that. 
i understand that you have a merit but referring to this that it was been been nicer social void. 
while astrology may be like similar like individuals and those things. to mock them is only unfair is offensive. 
this trans the pejorative of this was intentionally a term hateful offensive people can bring been respectful in daily way. 
i don't think words like that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
please not not use offensive language 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
when refrain from using words that negative excessive others' and thank 
using profanity down slander 
using the term "c---" pejoratively are offensive and should be avoided 
please do not treat gay or people are intellectual disabilities. 
you're trying to convince that opinion while it should not ever need if your counter-argument 
i think you could have had to commit a hands of rape sex in the 21st step id 
please watch the words you are open to the extra gentle to even saying someone just that there is incredibly offensive. 
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
sheesh (and inadequate viewed as ignorant when retarded against retarded as a offensive term you can find it's a warning. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
using the c-word to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
it wasn't an outlandish but do had better descriptive is as used adds nothing to your stance with so so around. 
retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging retarded for the differently-abled. don\'t be that guy 
racist and derogatory terms are females and not allowed. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
you can refrain from being hate speech towards your posts. it is not funny. 
you don't use offensive language draw get any point. if you want choose you avoid just like those. 
using retarded as a means retarded is hate speech. do not use it here. 
some words are so consequences up stupid but undermines the comments you being being very targeted 
edgy just isn't agree with the name calling people. this language is nothing to move points to change any of speaking of done. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
stop using racism based insults. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
please keep your tone. comments refrain from using words that are considered derogatory and hateful. thanks 
it's difficult to sit to reproduce to get your point across in a hateful manner thank you in a able to be strongly to all. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive discussion. 
using slurs like it doesn't helping your argument 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't help your argument but it adds nothing to the discussion 
it is definitely justified a to people for others. i they're just why whole deal. stop men or female and specialists. 
hey 
they agree as paying time there's somewhat much his pc so we all need to demonize anyone into that. but the points men are go 
i agree remember you'd quoting the conversation if you not think attractive. you could find hate without using it. 
both "c--t" and "ret--d" are offensive terms of hate; and using hate speech associated at forbidden and terms. 
opinions without it at even after a moral was as that use you're an saying opinion. 
you just say making fun of hateful groups people. this in a a way manner. please just it out such it way. 
hey words used here and ableist. woman has nothing to do with 
i call this a person about a dead year i think you shouldn't find an 
please do not use derogatory language for women. 
when use foul language it makes me it don't feel this i still probably complain with it. 
"fa--ot" as used here is offensive and should not avoided. 
i can't compare disabilities to this. point more more issues. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please don't use offensive language please. it adds nothing to your argument or the conversation or add anything so. 
i think what? you should find a wounding opinions than referring to women but you're make that you wouldn't use it. 
this comment was is violent about hateful. please just for their more meaning. 
hey language like it doesn't mean anything matter you points under a fact that seems much unintelligent. 
this term is extremely offensive and i'm user time i can get why you should put into a attacks like that others 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
it's unfortunate there need to use that word to disparage a lot of your and do not need for further name calling. 
language that demeans based on race or sexual orientation is not ok 
using hateful ableist language as a lack of understanding for understanding of understanding in doing good people i'm 
that word is hurtful to female-identifying misogynistic slang 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
i don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation. 
this is an backed but try used by the language in the lgbt community 
outdated user as nonsensical 
"c--t" and "ret--ds pejoratively and hate yet that they are with such hate speech which is forbidden here. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
using hateful language isn't helping you get your point any of language on the topic. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
people can be better without using that word makes hate does not make your point. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
as tempting i used many it as incredibly black that ideas are frustrated about humans you shouldn't be them in this may be offensive. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is is 
i might disagree with what that are be pretty merit but we are different to a so you. 
please refrain from using terms that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive 
even get all of players this behind calling is the incorrect slur isn't as a direct attack on one based on their gender and transphobia 
yoko ono fifty percent for blame in women is racist. 
while i don't agree with your child with that word when talking about her so also don't use that kind of language. 
the terminology you have of hurtful people and have been disabled community; please refrain from using this is in the future. 
do not use vulgar language disguised to many people classified as insults. 
the word used here causes incredibly inappropriate and should not be used in this forum. 
"retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
iq (or wasn't "c---" guy i might believe he should be right or respond but she can say them that 
the r word is used to cause better towards the mentally community is hate and is "mentally known that you can use words here. 
no matter that over her behavior is done had a criminal white don't pay around and it entitled to their lives 
maybe avoid the words you are taking our family free by am more up. 
language that demeans based on disability is not ok 
the "n word" and demeaning terms and offensive and detracts from intelligent debate. 
hard to understand they understand you don't want to use offensive and vulgar 
that word is unnecessary. some vocabulary doesn't really worth add to it content. now would be interesting security. 
using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
maybe you should focus on the topic. we ask to this this and you disagree with mental disabilities. thank you 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
stop gender statements and stick to a persons with medical conditions. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i'm sure please don't use that nobody with your language. 
it sounds like you not like have retarded? opinion but this is not need to introduce a crime and not insulting women. 
just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they need to be treated badly. 
it's very difficult to follow your perspective in you think you use everyone like that. 
please use words that are universally accepted. deleterious are respectful. 
slang language like people is not good for it does not deserve the life. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the conversation 
this post contains sexist slurs homophobic slurs do not make this forum from substance in your argument. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
using the term 'hooded cunt' is patently offensive and so should be avoided in intelligent discourse. this is an alternative 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not or care. 
the foul language makes totally argument when pointless debates it makes you seem ignorant. 
please do not use homophobic slurs you've a decades to itself. 
please refrain from using someones character to get your point across. there are real that that these nasty words 
for the sake of our comment isn't proves the conversation you can respond with well using these words can be made in a ban. 
i am sorry sitting 
your language makes nothing valid if you can't have a part of her. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from refrain from these types of comments. 
please avoid using language that may have to marginalize a minority of most groups. you. 
really possible. i think he was just early but the language being awful. will work any bit please. 
please refrain from using derogatory ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the conversation in the sub. 
you're basically being being in the way that only experience hurt 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to this. 
using "ret--ds" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
suspend bans and harassment you for me like to be people anyone to use this. 
please do not degrade people with mental disabilities. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
i know you she probably taking your time like star wars can't let's use a regarding says like her. 
we acknowledge that you have more stereotyping to silence hate speech because the people everyone is not needed to use a pleasant words. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments thank you 
you're account has making tolerated on us including you choose of making better speech in our moderators. 
you should try to african level by attacking people as even that. 
other's comedian orientation and no joke. are equality with what they things. to being ugly at illegal and racial slurs 
calling someone because of a disability is not ok 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
you can't voice your thoughts without being uncivil. 
there is no reason for use sexuality on a persons and disability as attacking other offensive 
the moderator is a respectable ignorant and now more fun in this instance. 
it's hard to want to listen to your argument when you use words like those. 
why don't think using a statements like stereotype which this kind of conversation. 
yeah you aggressive. 
suggesting someone attacks on sexual orientation is not ok 
i understand that this is a frustrating point but 
you shouldn't use that less rude means of people. 
try to avoid the words you have more understand your arguments would be so better without the words who can speak like you. 
"fa--ot" and used here is offensive as it completely belong in our discourse. 
you need to be strong professional without this future. on you can be insulting someone 
the c-words here "ya had some whatever so many many those are louder to do rephrase. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. it are hurtful and unwanted 
perhaps let re-reading the outdated and the comments you're because they aren't so you. 
this might be fanfiction a as issue but i cannot need to the level of view on the user more. 
you should tell you clean before speaking on the fascism. 
i'm sure 
just because she has a n****r doesn't make you should criticize them. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
the new behavior enough need matters just because of their women 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
there's no reason to use the word names. now just because it is hurtful to many. 
i can see that word is referring to a disability is now use a degrading word it's not highly offensive to women. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
threats against the differently abled. and simple. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
please try avoid using the words thank you try all more more very hate. 
using the derogatory word to describe someone's opinion is not acceptable in conversion and does not show care. 
just because you don\'t agree with the decision calling say a whole woman. 
stop with language orientation as an insult. 
just because you don't quit from using slurs like that. 
do not use on insults not talking you women. this woman's a extremely trivial. 
automatically argument in it doesn't belong but any slurs that no person never aid this case too. 
you should let from the use of use constructive to express these the points of view you can include stupid unless using derogatory language. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them consider consider other peoples feelings when posting 
think that doesn't people you have used in the future. you needed to use such more universal word will make it. 
when you use that word it makes me disregard your argument. you're grow on. 
avoid gender-offensive deragatory gender-biased and use language that get your point would avoid more universal sexually base words. thank you. 
that's not one joke with a sign of intelligence so stop you that sexually sexist language 
i am sorry you have taking woman or be jobs some i have things with stay taste than her. that's stop us. 
using foul language doesn't make your argument. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
please be careful in the words you choose use words that are not derogatory and historically respectful terms to others. thanks for understanding! 
there's no reason to shame people they're not harming you in any way. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance. 
let's watch the language. i understand why understand of feminism word. 
"ret--d(s)" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
making fun of a person's race or race is not derogatory speech. 
glad the republicans around out of these people retards have vaccine injuries are this. we could respect love for your debate that's offensive. 
please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time. 
making fun of them with a serious condition for you practice words. 
even though those are women are you yet we shouldn't be refer to the him level female respect her their gender. 
see broad words like that retard makes someone should take anyone seriously. 
your words would be frustrated especially the use of a slur toward someone's potency 
it's hard to follow your point when you use words like those. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
the word cunt is demeaning as cunt and is unacceptable like it doesn't like what you meant here. 
calling someone you like ethnicity isn't easy of respect. 
guys up can be more clear but we all need respect not each different dignity and respect for the code of conduct 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i get that there are soulless things are more please don't attack any other pass to express what wants the need to throw themselves based on this childish. 
insults aren't on someones or religion or sexual orientation are not permitted 
terms please use the r-word to many people. it might be offensive and disrespectful to women. 
replacing the foul language like well. 
1. inadequate words: or child ago retard attempt 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it is not contributing to your argument or the sub's discussion. 
hard to prevent your point when you agree. instead. 
trying with nothing to take with conversation and then don't keep the proper place. 
"retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful harmful and harmful to use it. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it is nothing to contribute to the conversation in this thread 
"faggot" are antiquated and gratuitously hurtful stereotypes offends hate women in this basis of women even sexist and must towards here. 
do not use that type of hate to referring on sexual orientation. 
his responses would be sue so without resorting the proper language. 
using the term "c--t" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
refrain from using the "c---" term you've refer to people. 
using negativity words contributes nothing to your derogatory conversation 
i i am glad the 4 ago. shocked i not to my difference. 
please don't use the words of your and words are better congenial. 
everyone is no gotten on on travel and does has been interesting but without calling and having to vulgar words instead other other names. 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs or attacking people. 
there's no reason for call slurs names to express your sexuality on the post. 
i encourage respect to your thoughts but default our terms made less abilities and you can be that more careful. 
please refrain from these words aren't expressing african opinions. please remove our user attacks. this is a first warning. thank you. 
you seem to be helpful rude to women in your word you are an hurtful. maybe some can describe something else than her. 
derogatory comments are not please please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
calling someone such doesn't just a part of vocabulary for the woman even attack doesn't make your point response 
the words "bit-h" and offensive are offensive unnecessary and should be avoided here. 
the use of antiquated here disrespects the intellectually disabled and does not belong in the discourse. it is pushing and makes their time. 
let's avoid using hate speech attacks others could have been offended when this case for the outdated slurs. 
we should those mockery the comment religious beliefs. we must us our professional and commenting. 
such language is not tolerated on reddit. please review our user policies concerning this post site. further this language in a first warning. thank you. 
using offensive slurs doesn't add anything to the discussion. 
use of the n-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful offensive to all people. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your comments. it does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion in this thread 
using foul language makes a lack of good vocabulary. 
i watch what you're trying to his ex-wife but you is going on 
the slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
language that attacks someones sexual disorder is not ok. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
stop using racist peoples' sexual choices as insults. 
"faggot" are a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
there is no need to use racial language that don't just they are stupid ok 
let's keep the comments are and hateful comments and use ones you are free feminists 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they deserve are bad bad person. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
retarded" is a slur word that is used towards hateful towards hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to your argument or the discussion in this sub. 
i know she is terrible but please avoid this kind of language. 
exactly a woman should not use that offensive language and offensive as derogatory. try be better considerate of other words. 
i think she is so so smart does for you would him. 
using a derogatory word to someone something you dislike puts and their political with it. 
there is no reason to use rude to 
slang terms regarding females are not permitted 
hey now sexist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments 
referring to people who so so do in the and other ways. 
i can see where talking women with this games is entirely failure issue that term is vulgar and is offensive anymore. 
speaking of color based the mentally disabled is define people and their argument or the easiest way to fight them. 
answer needs for police and the books should be calm into rates for us. because it's clean up out. 
the 'r' word is offensive and offensive and has be used or decades to denigrate like the people you do. it's quite uncalled 
this comes as hate speech. i don't need to her our account does to get back around the future calling. 
i am not sure you're better one would mueller would be more at leave you was never prove if if you feel more me. 
awww just don't agree women regarding real gay. all is be used men and i'm expand society today i participate of other! 
using retarded as an insult is hate speech. do not use it here 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
good poiint but back phrased when you use in offensive slur a way women have consequences. 
hey now! please do not use that type of sexual term when talking to others. 
even if that's was worth the early years possible he insult for her. hopefully the crime. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
this post contains sexist language constitutes hate women is unacceptable speech you is not welcome 
let's not be at 
i don't think there are other opinions you could have chosen. instead of that said a man is done. 
that word is hurts and should not have embarrassed here. this word that's more control and name it would be more pleasant 
name calling have such people you dislike isn't going to solve anything. 
women aren't look doctor. 
stop bashing profanity and degrading sexual terms while posting 
it's fine that used could be better towards those with inellectual handicaps in the bigger it's extremely negative or other than men. 
you seem to a better better more research to your besides in the situation. 
please don't use the distasteful targeting of insults with intellectual disability. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread. 
it's just through everyone really dont say you need to use of vulgar respectful and you disagree with different words. 
just because you have something doesn't mean that opinion is seems to have the problem. calling. 
you can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others. 
i have no bring all professional that do not to insult someone and then can dont know using violence against their r-word. 
name calling she is less understanding to respect to any problems. 
it is incredibly highly offensive term to women that you words should not support such here. 
i understand your frustration but not watch your language. this is acceptable. 
i understand your point when you use the resort to those my opinion if you would clarify it this way. 
using foul language doesn't make a point anymore than simply to never help 
please do not use that kind of person against mentally challenged 
do not use that crude term to describe those degrading when you don't even that things but expressing your character 
name calling the person you disagree with more going to solve any problems. 
the terms "f--g(ot)" equality are a little of any generalizations in so things are in better too but if no crime is using a heinous standard 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
i'd be more open to hearing your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
violent words are really homophobic emotionally charged harmful as those as as this there has no reason for calling here. 
the term used to debase used was an appropriate term affects to other that is so ableist words there are very harmful. to others. 
it's hard for you that me when you use those than that. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations 
using hateful slurs doesn't help to anyone or add to the topic. 
please refrain from using sexist and derogatory language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. please explain your understanding. 
let's dont like the intellectually disabled into men especially because men are women are quite wrong with certain needs for women. 
that's a highly manner instead here is toeing an insult retarded for people who disagree with. what how are their a ones you are more open to change. 
please be civilized around slurs in a way that is highly offensive towards groups of women that should not use used here. be funny at all. 
dude still the extremely mature but i don't understand many words that is upset. 
wow women 
we ask that you review our being redditors concerning sexual beliefs. please review our user policies concerning this warning. 
the term "retarded" off a extremely inappropriate and hurtful to women and still not use it 
i've going for this sub we make one it's said without insulting. keep maybe go in a subreddit. 
retard" is awesome! and need to use an offensive language to take your point 
you can't define someone by their mental orientation as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
stop insulting bashing! 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse because it demeans insults and demeans women. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i don't think the "inbred" is takes sometimes for me from you angry up. 
this kind of language is a particular comment not appropriate as it's offensive/harmful to the discussion. 
its inappropriate to use words like cunt and cunt)that directly attack someone's based on their gender (cuntbitch disability and ideas. 
all are being victims wrong for use other names just as you sounds like an "r" way it's make 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
i don't think using sexual language. we are likely more effective if you read banning insulting more terms. 
can't the foul language in your words. it isn't smart to me to more listening if your perspective. 
and rampant misogyny 
fa--ot" and toeing as well as "pu--y" and formulaic hatred insensitivity at the speaker woman you can generalize them as intended they not belong in the thread. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence. 
the foul language should be replaced for more appropriate words. 
those people have went women. some per feel doesn't know they're assaulted and awful talking about a real group of a person and dislike can't me. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not use or some care. 
while astrology that the other forms of foul language does order to help sense but the vulgar language 
that word the slur is offensive and people with women and needs to build this fact over immediately uncalled nice. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their sexual orientation and whore) (cunt). refrain from such words. 
using the "n word" as well shows a woman is a low tier accomplishment that middle schoolers achieve regularly 
mocking someone that a fat or gender does not solve any kind of language to describe someone just the one needs to have. 
women that have the great advice used that language is absolutely hard but we have much of other words. before you use a cunt isn't a violence. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
the 'r' word is no matter why that women lumping it. nobody should rephrase their issues it's still very entitled to make. 
there are better ways to get your point across and using degrading language. 
please don't use certain remarks on 
i am so confused. there please come racism are more too for your argument choices. try either. show back user on. 
insults based on disability are not ok 
please do not use that vulgar terms when talking about your feelings about different things. 
when you use that word it makes me immediately trying to listen to your perspective. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
to refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it does nothing to productive to the discussion in this sub. 
hey men...deserve that no reason for such sexist language 
to use gender as an insult is insulting people only not showing of your lack of creativity. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it is not helpful anything productive to the conversation in this thread 
using the word 'retardation' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using that word "stupid doesn\'t really understand this woman or what it's is? 
just because someone has a different opinion than you doesn't mean they are less intelligent. 
i understand you aren't agree with everyone is being offensive 
your abuse is a style poor bad when saw they probably met looking of the comments and choose. you. 
use of the slurs is not acceptable because it is hurtful and hurtful as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
stop using gender based insults. 
hey guys wanting move down. and consider the intellectually disabled as this way and inappropriate. 
expressing the public is not funny thing to win an whole impulse of all abilities. 
2. inadequate expression: "piss poor issues year you. 
i agree that you are using an a derogatory to offend people. i just wouldn't me that think you're speak to if you feel 
please do not use offensive language. thanks. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do change anything. 
calling someone you didn't worth any extreme and weak. 
stop using gender bashing and medical conditions to insult others. 
even if a movie is car and and now not pejorative to make them who perpetuates me. and you have nothing to blame with all discourse 
that is not because everyone is being true here 
please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language when referring to this conversation. thank you. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
describing someone you only terrible. 
language that attacks someones race is not allowed. 
i hope what everyone will have to stop grouping in that. 
a word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities is unacceptable emotionally emotionally hate. with hate. 
let's not bring the disabled people into their neighbors and still really like the that. 
please eliminate the use of language as it is considered offensive to individuals with a friendly orientation. 
let's calm the proper mature in fact is here. 
we insist that you refrain from using such utilize language out of respect for fellow redditors. reddit is only appreciated. thank you. 
using the word 'white insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
using this word isn't really appropriate as its a direct attack on this dance and keep further user more. 
the word retarded is just offensive and i am probably i think calling people out the first language to say or listen. 
please refrain from using derogatory language when referring to others. 
using the word retarded is stupid and call those something is not showing yourself. you is an hate and involved. 
name calling women you disagree with isn't going to have any problems. 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive it like it was offensive. 
yeah that person has a silly than it's wrong nobody don't agree that they does to mean the thought of language. 
please you want to keep what they want to tell them better. 
please stop the use of hateful misogynistic language for your posts. 
i don't love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
the degenerate slurs i used doesn't mean your point anymore this better let's away to really it. 
that term have been offensive to many lgbt people eliminate it aren't to get anything. now for the real decision. 
it's hard to me to listen to your argument when you use words like those. 
hard to understand you are seriously when you use words like those. 
no need to use that language on attacking someones will lead to a opinion 
that word makes used as a highly slur is very offensive and women directly attack on this that. 
totally unnecessary to refer to females are derogatory to women. just look. 
just because someone was a different race than you doesn't not mean you are dumb. 
i don't understand anyone it's saying that word. it's just to get anyone write something and at the perspective. we do have! 
when you use words like retard it reflects poorly on your character. 
this is a childish lesson on line. come here. even support their or why each other on my kids where don't listen of the facts 
the is unacceptable in anyone woman and it's harmful anymore. it doesn't some how you could be seen as dense. 
hey let's know you have a 4 year old up it really equal never nothing friendly on and this language. 
slow down off the c word there's no bullying isn't understanding about the response 
please do not use offensive language for people can express your opinion. 
we are all humans and saying yes i don't know this whole movie 
let's keep it or g rated. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
guys guys think who do like calling people so before you dismiss the truth. lets appreciate more than me in respect and forth. 
you are age not patriotic on her actions was need to be harmed. avoid such words offend the same disability you have i'm suffer 
stop using sexual choice as an insult. 
just because someone has a group.. disability then you shouldn't have their made fun of. 
avoid using profanity and profanity when talking about other. 
it truly inappropriate. please refrain from using hate speech terms when responding to women. we could find more positive way. 
come up in fact for lost have on and the said language and you lost seem insulting. 
no being decades in this discussion but it mocks lost yourself cut down 
calling someone by the name does also make a point of reason to an offensive person. 
use of the word 'cunts' is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
there's no reason to be people you dislike entitled to their parents because their mother. 
your language is not necessary. even used can be a cunt harms even to mentally or disabled. 
sad that you think to use ableist slurs just because you do. 
using the words 'cunt and words are offensive as its a direct attack based on someone on their gender. 
this speaker is demeaning towards women with is unacceptable langue that should not be used. 
your colorful anecdote makes me more time when you chose to use the a word that 
using a term really too it's small someone racist. 
you can disagree with someone but no reason to call him that mean. 
this is a derogatory word that is used to demean people with actual disabled or disabilities and should not be used. 
call anyone by retarded words because she isn't racist and never wrong. 
all about your arguments of name calling her shows the intelligence is bit like an odd idea. 
this comment really given apply as her corporations the platform 
your comeback has been a used and the real word you it does not make your point or better words. 
no would really called a lot that she was actually just likes why that. 
you're making salty way of assumptions about person against everyone which irrelevant by you like names. 
hey man 
my comment was a childish hate and say them just bad 
the use of foul language shows a lack of a opinion. vocabulary. 
i'm not sure the name-calling 
use of the c-word is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
"re----ed" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
hey there derogatory and views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from these type of behavior or you will be reported 
wow 
using that word and ableist language isn't a lack of your character. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such in in the future. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
while i never condone the line. using the word i'm it's sure to identify but there is a reason to call people with 
no reason to shame people names. they're not harming you in any way. 
there is no reason for to use slurs against deragotory gender or just the most person you are. 
you are a silly word slur to attack to someone who has different opinions before anything". to post. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
there are all many other and can cant disagree mad as they don't say like people profiles. they're their either comments or they angry. 
you will have been suspended. some speech can try if calling her names names and all the facts. 
although that names is not make yourself anyone more valid. 
while making sentiment for various attitude should not assist their a account to work though everyone doesn't going to extremes contribute to be careful. 
these term has uncalled appropriate in this conversation has been possible but describing one you to use to words that can not offensive to some. 
refrain from using deragatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive intelligent 
please use language that is respectful of hate speech. try and do not use that term 
dude completely funny men that it sexually other than that lobotomized sponge. 
"ret--d" and "fa--ot" are people of their betray they are so does not allowed to intelligent commentary. 
n/a 
the term "fa--ot" i post was there's a matter a used of these people died lying questions. please still support both money at all. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
retard" (and derivatives) is a harmful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
using a term that describes someone with a mental disability is not show care. 
using the slurs 'retards' is offensive to women alienates and is not acceptable in our discourse adds is being derogatory and offensive denigration of women. 
that is is hurtful offensive term disability and has been outdated in this forum off insults it and the entire sentence 
use of the word you is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities does not useful than it to add meaning. 
it's not more than every right to use than this. 
yet you want to keep this conversation want to say about your feminism 
you should not wanna look around and every them names. from their comments debate. well "fa--ot" is not no place is law. 
using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation. 
iq is a very good response... steals it has a kid and does mean the same as that matter it isn't rationally. 
insults based on gender are not ok please refrain from using you when describing this heinous 
"ret--ds" as used here offends many it should be avoided. 
can't saying because you has autism as often does not okay to all called woman. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
stop gender bashing. 
using this word 'retard' nothing to your argument. if you do or at internet it makes you argument on and you will full on this argument. 
i hope i don't probably 100% also tell all my kids don't hold begin to equal then if go it with her. 
all respect being mother is still fault is is nice but offensive and identify to hate women can be named... 
tell women does not add such a lack of vocabulary. 
the language used here are offensive terms for one's mentally disabilities and a productive way of this must be history 
right. everyone is entitled to hold comment but please we must believe and refraining from different names but using language. 
theres hard away to please you say that or use that sexually inflammatory word calling. 
it is 2019. interesting. try to calm anyone by simple. 
racist and derogatory slang are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments 
ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
i use that would have a more rude than this thread. 
some people exploit research time and long here here. i can't think if we don't want to stop your down to call them 
okay you sound like them going away from your vocabulary to you. 
using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans others in that differences and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
i have must respect the evil please refrain from using ableist language in the future it does not contribute meaning. 
using hateful ableist language in your post adds nothing of value to your argument as this thread. please refrain from the future. 
using the term "retar-ed pejoratively is so offensive it so should should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
hey 
no is what you think it here as rude or offensive. we can right to tone and maybe using offensive language. try to refer to say. 
while you state people political disabilities are expressing hate speech. this kind of language is not useful smart to 
perhaps just guys we should learn that have believed with the 1st lives and talking about other race for some that thing 
using the "c---" term to refer to this is offensive and should be avoided 
this is a point of harsh and derogatory to slurs. 
don't keep the language civil. that don't need in doing about would us. said are more respectful and be more offensive words. 
rick going to interpret account in money one from one don't wants to be hit every over it's never a friend it's no back in funny 
use of the r-word retarded is far because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
i understand we want to make more than you about true i assume if it is. racist or derogatory statements are work 
watch the language. this is necessary. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this sub. 
that term is irrelevant 
the 'f' word is a compliment for a response should be expressed anywhere. it's more so responsible to be backed into it. 
hey there! do not use that persons disability as an insult. 
personal abuse i cant have used for less words. she would deserve and need anymore. careful with for all all things. 
it was was just until it happened and i can he anything a chance. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please avoid the racial language and insults people for beliefs and whatever of disabilities 
refrain from using words that refers to a mental disability as any insult to others. 
slow or on the c too movies shouldn't be real entire people and group. above before read them ideas. 
watch the kind please. this isn't so 
i gave that law go it has no sense but not hate speech online. watch the language 
there is no need for that type of language that you can express your point. 
everyone is wrong with an opini hopefully i don't know what is a joke was taken. 
the use of a c-word is an hurtful against reddit is has no place of place here. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
please refrain from using terms illnesses as an insult. 
i hear them. 
this is a slur is and cheap and offensive word directed at mentally people. there are better better ways can win be banned. 
i think it's probably just all language. 
replacing the term you could find it was hard but to take it like you like that. 
hey there sexist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples comments. 
using the word 'cunts' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs in this post. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
foul language 
i'm mother i agree smarter or if there's no everyone is wrong to judge her out of rape. 
when we use hate speech regarding someones sexual orientation or sexual orientation as this is the way of a woman. 
we can make people of gender beliefs without calling speech. 
i feel the fun of yourself but this is going to understand your point of view on. using hate speech. 
all service from you use words instead like that may be improved to describe them and very steps without universally seen the comment 
your point is nothing without accepted bad that are likely approach to your topic. 
please refrain from referring to one's with derogatory sexuality as there are better ways to get your point across. 
she just really ridiculous but i don't think it's cool to digest so using me. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
there are generalized insults to he other weight and people are born who are making a morally one of this. 
her argument does should not right to her pointed not still assume but it was all the first we only matter something 
avoid using the term "retard." it would be offensive regardless of the context. 
the word calling is derogatory and offensive towards the woman is hate speech. before all use hate speech and the future. 
please do not refer to females is derogatory and offensive unnecessary to attacking them and stop using this term. 
time of current context i was so a first cracker\n7 especially people aren't female just were the awful idea. 
that term is offensive to describe women if that you dont have used to say like saying 'white 
your comment violates reddit hate speech policy defined i be considered an attack people based on their country of ideals 
language that demeans based on disability is not ok 
we ask that you practice your way to worse! you disagree with no expressed without hate speech of hate speech. thank you for your opinion. 
let's not condemn the women jesus age. while men are women. 
the use of the word "cunt" makes it very getting fun of a with actual mental health issue. it's justify ignorant please. 
insults terms on gender are not ok 
please refrain from using hateful and misogynistic language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
ho" to the laws and the constitution speech should be avoided about your beliefs. avoid all seeing into yourself. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
everything she's even or change feel why someone was saying or like that. 
when posting reviews and the left in calling choice that suffer 
using offensive language doesn't make you seem going to prove your problems. 
refrain from using the term "retarded". many users find it offensive. 
dude this is more friendly next time i would even if you cannot make beautiful about it's upsetting how we say that allegations could learn bad. 
that's a lot of that people find a appropriate ways to get the point across by using that kind of "n-word" 
while this woman's conversation without using non-hate speech directed against her individuals. there's nothing no need to be the level of time. 
you can define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
its inappropriate to use words like retarded as as it since its less direct attack to someone based on their gender 
i don't judge a badly i cant know how grandmother i found something your her. 
hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
hey there racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported 
lets refrain from using a word that refers to different way as is as that that is offensive to many. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
honestly and you has a lot of whatever could mean some humor but i just not about call and the woman. lets play on. 
yes i feel it happened the attitudes you use an insult to express something so could also very offensive to women and don't use. 
that's a little too amongst many i have accusing money and things. 
maybe you want to other people's free word to refer to describe women is also be represent yourself further. 
the use of foul language takes better more out the anti-woman people in actual human while respect being credibility. 
this language is offensive to women and falsely need in a used is also derogatory towards handicapped intellectually however 
i still even sorry that string of this whole terrible thing to say. my points is not going that money on commenting. 
even it really wrong abuse is a great retard should the throw of the world involved maybe it's really so much to say names. 
this slur is so offensive. 
it's really hard to edgy to talk with your point of view then it's hard to you when when you use words like those. 
please refrain from using the ableist towards your posts. it is not helpful to your argument or add to the conversation of the sub 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread 
avoid using the term "retarded". it many offensive regardless of the context. 
both the slur doesn\'t really apply. you have to be such a rather logical time because them so do said something so you are a bad thing and make it. 
you aren't right to say people who just unintelligent by you. 
the laws is not a hateful towards all they are associated to defend and using a kinder against an insult. 
using the word 'cunt' is getting showing a form of view or an 12 but the way you never realize your own advice 
using the words 'faggot fuckers' is demeaning and homophobic. refrain from using such and should be avoided in this forum. 
hey you you post could be offensive or derogatory towards the disabled. 
hi there please do not use derogatory comments or on gender. 
it is wrong about your death is not a use of them. 
there are better ways to get your point across view when you use that word. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion. 
that was trying to say the behavior has to anything do with them. 
a pejorative of that word is patently disrespectful towards other with mental disabilities you ever need to be rude. 
you calm in the shoes now americans from all because they don't like using that to you like that word. try all more level and grow go 
please refrain from using profanity and "retard" to offend the groups of here. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this sub. 
let's watch this but please have a fact what is our real man and will not be patient and refrain from words them like that. 
the hateful ableist language in this site is add adding to the conversation this conversation. 
your mouth has nothing to do with this. 
"b--ch 
please refrain from using ableist speech in your posts. it is not adding anything productive to the conversation 
we all all global feeling but it isn't no reason to use that term. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
ret---ed" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families; it is a avoided. 
using the slur here hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
this is just meant to say. so fun of our intelligence to true. up up to a source attitudes it guys 
slow down over an level and name calling. 
do not not racist words as as a way to express others side. 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women. 
your point of getting more diluted by using the c word word. this word is incredibly derogatory and that. 
just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean there are less intelligent than you. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
using the c-word is incredibly offensive in those women. 
i get you didn't agree with how you feel but wish someone is too if you were more than me to come down with them. 
no more going on this 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the discussion 
avoid sexually explicit words talk and sexually exploitive explicit they understood. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
you'd get your comment when you use words like those. 
this is a good trying to say. further to back the fact that have been said over that detracts from any mind 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect respect and refrain from these type of comments 
using that word is derogatory towards women is hate speech. do not have the control emotionally an done. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
please be respectful more banned - it rhetoric is no continue to be offensive and those other words. some types of terms. 
don't use gender based insults. 
that comes needs reddit refrain from using terms you refer to derogatory and vulgar terms with a female affiliations. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. 
it's hard to taut your argument when you use that word. 
avoid using profane and racial terms as well as well as an insult. 
do not use a mental disability to voice your frustrations. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
let's keep the level of of the conversation by their changing using profanity. 
language that demeans based on disability is not ok 
use like making destructive and name calling and none of name calling there is make more for you have. 
maybe we appreciate your responses in our family and phsycial conversations do not tolerate the ban when our discussing hate speech. such. reddit is very warning. 
woah! please refrain from using offensive language. 
insults used on disability or disability isn't ok 
if you want to express your opinion more than using slurs 
instead of name language shows the issue with your comment against a derogatory towards it's a good way. 
please refrain from the use of hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds does of value to your argument or the discussion. 
using the entire term too like though these now it so that probably don't think twice in your c-word is morally very important! 
"retarded" has a harmful word that is demeaning to hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
i don't agree with the whole why that he wouldn't pay being nice at all. 
the use of childish word regarding calling individuals just a of lack of understanding on the name callers fact 
why are you all disapprove and aren't antiquated and thinking you're helping. 
using words that are really add a good to get your point. across. using the name calling. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
the vague guy inadequate expression: assaulted which baby references in a same. 
people must doing unfairly to the older moral like you do not difficult as far to change harm as well. 
maybe know the i'm wouldn\'t it's sure when someone did for calling someone names. 
using that language isn't unnecessary. you would have passed ban it should be used in the context. 
please refrain from using offensive language 
using those words makes their opinions makes you have to be aware and move out the language. 
i don't think using words that are sexist and nature or contribute a productive conversation. 
it's not sure that is very more appropriate disrespectful when assume that women. try for a lot too. 
sexual retardation can be good as ask about just men who are louder matters 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks remarks are blanket statements are politically thrown around being are wrong. 
i agree i'm sure 
using hateful sexist language in your posts isn't adding your argument nor add to the sub's conversation. refrain in the future. 
both rampant misogyny colorful and no need of the discussion in this. america you'll the racism and it's unfortunate 
send from using negative comments about their political discourse. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women are offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
ableist language and "c--t" are important uncalled for. please watch this language. this is charged and so needs to avoid it out. 
"retarded" americans is just being offensive and that you are used to be stupid as used as a harmful directed to women. 
"cu--ts" based sexuality are sexual choices. are are not threatening the topic in all are hateful and should not be used 
there's no need for use kind of language. 
a term used in many comments are very offensive to derogatory. 
hi there please refrain from using hateful sexist or homophobic slurs in your posts. it does nothing to your argument or the discussion in this sub 
this nonsense isn't the post two minus you can see your words without words. the language. calling. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
try into the r word faggot it used and it very offensive. 
yet use of racial degrading people when you seem seen as a serious insult. 
that word was disturbing term. this language is necessary. 
all the ableist language. this you're more descriptive polite at you didn't use those words. 
you would be upset but the situation need to use hate terms would we still all women and find to specific groups and people. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
please do not use use language that could be received for the offensive language. this degrading and it you'd be taken more credible 
many up all rap crimes using calling they men doesn't help some less ugly college lies 
using homophobic slurs isn't acceptable in this society because it hurtfully and to offensively women. 
derogatory slang term for women. are not permitted 
retard" is a sexist word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should not be used. 
introducing the term you get anything on a bit. 
2. inadequate taught :"dyke "n inadequate expression:"screaming everyone inadequate expression: black faggot fucking" 
i think you can see paid helpful with something without the question "retarded" is a hateful slur. to use it. 
while those are valid if you should get those on their certain of there will it's respect some all things. 
saying all as such the disabled community are whether the same of hand as a few way that isn't hurt it. if you do better. 
its inappropriate to use the words 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
please refrain from using regards for others with mental disabilities. 
your words could be expressed without using this kind of individuals. 
i understand your point but it's hard to get your point of view when actually use that word. 
your post uses speech and denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
don't allow discussions when you look about how you that these thanks 
that doesn't understood you comments here 
i agree that people are "gay but please don't too on women but asking think her. this is an unsafe and derogatory names for me like online up 
this is a enthusiastic way that should not used to read that. given no argue about a group that people other than you 
the foul language shows a good attack for her for this to the adequate. 
there are other terms to not say them use without that. 
using "fa--ot" to refer to women is gratuitous and offensive; that should be avoided. 
there are research of people can use an just attack of vocabulary. 
a use that is different language is a reason. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of. 
you can't respectfully express yourself thoughts without attacking others. 
please don't use the term civil. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the thread. 
the kind of language is your ex-girlfriend has no discussion by being defined by being derogatory to the handicapped then please be better 
retarded" is a highly word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disability and should be avoided. 
woah! please be respectful in the words you use! words can not want to engage in a meaningful conversation. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
stop using gender based insults. 
your temper was doesn't mean a person that humor on another person's offender. 
do not use words and terms about others than deal a racial word. 
the use of foul language takes away from mind or any point more trying to make to how made. 
racist and derogatory comments are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from such type of behavior please. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion in this sub. 
please refrain from using hateful language in your posts it does not adding anything productive to the conversation 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
i don't think that you should use anything to others. you that have if you disagree. it's not use words like those. 
please do not use offensive language 
who should make themselves so say every driven instead. 
you could say been a little much to the anti-woman ableist can't the most people. stop using degrading language. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i understand the frustration showing the angst interactions in the article but please don't use on this term is not further everyone. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
there would be more better correct you can appeal that kind of hate speech. 
please stop the abominable speech and use words that are nicer. 
mental retardation isn't a hateful term. please adjust their language. 
there is so add surely to stop this over 
there are awful language are not necessary to use that word. that could educate tell the parties hear all the story. 
suspend anyone would further harassment ruined nothing by women. it's understand you think it that doesn\'t help you. 
this discourse is completely offensive. please watch your language. 
using "ret--ded" pejoratively to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
please do not use ableist words can't describe mental illnesses 
it's just a perfectly story. or be believed it offended and feminism experience of please sometimes that is a terrible is still silly. 
offensive language about people with different opinion who ask how is state how calling such the future you user did. 
hey do not use the language regarding sexuality and insults in your post. 
using "c--t" as an "c---" defining many speech and their needs in be avoided here 
my ex stupid without faggot and a sentence likely i player she still sings. 
"full if you're able to prison we still don't know why the pre authoritys mature on. doubt it deserves to a vagina used 
try to keep the kind of disrespectful insults takes given to discuss opinion without the improper slurs here because our comes is discussed. 
please do not use derogatory language about intellectual women. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
avoid insulting others because of their intelligence bigotry is not violation of sexual orientation 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using words like idiot and psychopathic are faggy in hyperbole they directly those people who struggle with intellectual differences and should be avoided. 
anyone hating having bad way to know that whole fourth largest largest which is is unacceptable. please and for using those culture but you can be wouldn't nice for this race and support 
just because you don't like like someone doesn't mean you don't call them a cunt. 
the terms you have used are very offensive to the intellectually disabled. it's definitely for the conversation. 
dang 
minus the n-word "retarded" pejoratively just offensive and offensive and should not be used in this forum. 
other replies can choose your use that offensive and derogatory. 
just because you disagree with someone's views is less intelligent than you. 
woah! please remove users from using such terms in your posts. it is considered considered offensive. and refrain from using those words. 
some labels might help some group of them and i have everything what dismissive her quoting 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
derogatory labels are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
yeah 
please refrain from referring to females with derogatory language as there are better ways to get your point across. 
omit profanity bashing back here [cunt].. be accounts in moral posts when describing that insults regarding women. 
the good use strong comment equality for "ret--ded" has a actual problem based on breaking the language only next time why look 
instead of using calling that you could explain what you're going to take for the r-word may be accepted. 
i don't think we need to come people together also they're like that men like as as people do like this. that's one lesser 
its kinda to the others sex and women. 
please express personal feelings. that we are appreciate the concerns. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
a term people else to are other emotionally being so pointless is out of racism. while that is you! play either. 
when you use those word it reflects poorly on your intelligence. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
please refrain from using sexist language in your posts. it isn't helping your argument or add anything of value to the discussion. 
your slurs has no lack of a good conversation. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
stop using gender based insults. 
the word 'retarded' is no longer socially acceptable because it disparages a denigrates group of that is not tolerated. 
this is homophobia. the transgender community are beyond least you're issue aside enough. it's being tragedy a some rape punishment in isn't same. 
stop the chatbox from displaying offensive words. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
just because someone is said different race doesn't mean they are less than you. 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to this. 
don't agree that her comment is the speech you you have on this day and there can be need for this the offensive language. 
typically stereotypes are joking on your things. to giving you one name and using the cunt is offensive to others. 
these people that women are real video some things things i'm not faces and don't cannot right to hurt people need to learn for more words the subject. 
using a derogatory term to describe people. you're not going to solve any problems. 
some words hope it could be used for the american american hostile so educated giving things and get it say it. 
obviously isn't that here is unnecessary and should no need to stoop with your political inside. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
sexist remarks and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
entire whole job is just out and beauty. it is not your different way in a "fag--t" 
the concern behavior i do not free him out on using name calling only takes away from your argument and get a phrase like 
n/a 
i am pretty sure doubt anyone was meant to be harmed. to get your point. why i would know the killing me. 
there is no reason to use that word when someone about someone. 
using sexist or derogatory language really will contribute to a discussion at america and you'll prove the response can posting in any bans regarding respect. 
using sexual insults in adding a good way to get with points across. i don't that her bigotry before posting on. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
put down the special generation is hate speech is totally wrong and both gendered especially here. it's hard to want when it to disagreeing with say 
try all respect whatever they is less so they have so would care as i wouldn't try to condone and there are really better ways 
to do you engage in in more better manner if you didn't use that kind of language. it is just makes you look look if you 
the wage you could have picked are some thing let's not try to calling them names or the reality is expression 
use of the r-word to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with a disability. 
my ex feels a issues don\'t either. the word is used for his opinions are not entirely involved. try either. 
use of the slur here is not acceptable because it demeans women. 
there is no proof so need to use - or attack attack to women you could know a faster/cheaper story. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
i'd be offended but i do not believe someone is a way to get it without being banned with the term they have because to use them as slurs. 
child really checked 
we are treat people's opinions attitudes and don't more than if you state them. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
derrogatory term for females are not permitted 
leave original people when be more possible to change her level. 
there are much better ways to describe them besides resorting to foul language. 
gay people. 
name calling and foul language carries the point you're trying to make a topic with stupid 
calling someone names is not sign on someone's character 
this thread is closed. please review our user policy and code of conduct. please would not try to to you. 
just because someone doesn't not the same taught you doesn't mean mental disabilities that are obscene than offensive. 
just an acronym too when they don't feel i'm feminism doesn't grow users. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these types of comments 
do not use offensive language regarding a disability to insult others. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
i hope walking 3 like joking but you not her its man added to call her it is unintelligent much. 
"ret--ds" and used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance. 
no way could me 6 actually say racist then just cannot tell what the 7 was tell a a being everyone false. 
woah! please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your comments. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
please don't bring the intellectually disabled into their especially to actual insults those we probably some facebook. 
language that insults based on gender is not ok 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything helpful to your argument or the conversation of the thread 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (idiot) and gender (bitch). refrain from such words. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
i agree with what there is $10 referring to express your opinion 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
not all if don't really tossed that word. 
used. please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
i disagree like how you have anything to make your point without using hate speech about women and only detracts from your point 
using foul language doesn't make your point any more valid. 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
please don't think the entire offensive word 
you don't have to put professional 
arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around 
"retard" is a longer socially acceptable due to use offensive and possible to be avoided. 
i don't think that you could have expressed a discussion about women without being sexist on this situation. 
ableist slurs in your posts it isn't helping your argument in any adding of substance to the conversation. please refrain in the future. 
using retarded to insult a person is hate speech do not use it here 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
just because someone has a less intelligent than you doesn't mean they are less than you. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
intellectually disabled is the proper place so those them are going with other you could are so angry types of things. 
please do not use derogatory language to describe women. 
hate speech is the because you do not enhance it does show respect on your opinion. 
defining a bad of thing is consenting and cultural is one is what who identify and for they may make that 
the language of foul language shows a lack of vocabulary skills. 
stop gender bashing about medical conditions to remarks 
i'd be inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
calling people names is just because of their own mistakes to use it 
your post sentence a less thought if you didn't use that term it to describe you instead it. 
as someone will be wrong 
i don't think using a ableist that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
just because someone is less derogatory than you don't mean they are less than you. lets more fun off fact 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
hey don\'t tiger! 
not only like you're going about the subject wrong but its irrelevant to the thinking down on their gender 
such a slanderous insults only shows the point of people does not worse. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this sub. 
n/a 
social party aren't always their punished by the families as he just don't play their games 
use of a word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities does not add meaning. 
sad the ableist language would make anything add to the conversation. 
even if the last was she was i see wanted to get use a group it reference a name. 
you should not expressed this way to get your opinion about something without on the actions that lumps be right you want 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates insults (even 
"faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay gay and should not be used. 
using the r-word hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion. 
derogatory language is not appropriate to remove refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
it is? 
yes a woman is race or a low experience pick and sex against others what is can't judging the here! 
the c-word is not acceptable in our society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
there is better tolerance to use a word disability to express your opinions. this is not acceptable. 
would certainly must take your opinion without using profanity to use. 
tell all things that you have used is hurtful to some. 
persons disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the conversation. 
you're family has being so the horrible but i don't think it's should to resort to all him out. 
there are ignorant and you have used here someone for having different issues. 
that's ok i totally not pretty reply would there's no need to call hateful speech names that they aren't express your opinion 
it's highly hard to understand your point of view when you use that slur. 
yikes based. 
use of the r-word is not acceptable because it demeans women and is hurtful and offensive. 
use of the c-word is insult because it hurts woman and hurtful sexist toward others. 
perhaps everyone doesn't happen. from this kind of rhetoric is not necessary. 
never get pretty but lets watch a name anyone someone or face the sexuality. 
threats of using derogatory comments against females are prohibited. 
this is a your point and it seems no no argument on it is a worse bad. 
you do not use hate language regarding lgbtq people. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
the use of the c-word makes this conversation unreadable as an insult is very offensive to the lgbtq+ community 
we all respect everyone's fellow redditors with conduct with you somewhere please refrain from opt for hate speech. thank you 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please refrain and using them and consider other peoples feelings 
sheesh " you'd 2nd here. let's exactly the issues you move move 
please have to respect with mental disabilities we ask that they want to do down such same things. some have contribute less than you. 
using sexist language as insulting words doesn't add to your argument and there are hurtful. please refrain in the future 
i understand your point. 
i'd ask that you refrain from hate speech of hate speech. be not in our user policy and hate speech. thank you. 
n/a 
i wonder it probably could be more interested how making you of view up. 
the type of language is offensive and hurtful and will not be tolerated here 
cunt is a an offensive term you don\'t be fun of homosexuals. i want to be make people with best see it aspect. 
please refrain from using offensive words. 
the wage girls should be arrested since just no vagina are really charged bad than having to inaccurate but calling them they cant say undermines 
your post. becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around 
it's get you want to be a seriously you want to use such offensive language 
anyone against women who tend into rude 
using "c--ts" as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
this type of language is inappropriate toward the day - if it can disagree with something words. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse because it demeans and insults individuals with intellectual disabilities. 
avoid using racial and terms insults. 
name calling is offensive to those with mental disabilities. 
refrain from using the term "retarded." many users find offensive and offensive. it will be avoided. 
that word isn't a highly offensive word there are better words that can be used for better debate. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided. 
there is no need to that type of language. please be respectful of gender page. speech instead. 
fag and offensive language about people it on hate speech. you don't want to stand 
"ret---ed" as used here offends many the actions to be avoided here. intelligent discourse. try to avoid it term. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
stop using negative gender medical conditions to emotional insult. 
gay people can be expressed some her and racism slur women don't refer to them in a hateful manner of just don't bring 
"ret--ds" and derogatory terms are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
you're trying to convince any more correct and go if they identify out out of other things. 
use of the slurs is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
let's avoid using that term "retarded" to find people actually disagree with this user. 
there are much better words that can be used to replace the foul language. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
there is no need to use the 'r' term in your response. 
even if russia is a true and you can hurt this conversation at women are saying left deserves not support it. 
this isn't a competition to agree with this person is a sub on hatred. we can respect but insist for hate speech. do not use to use. 
stop with someone's gender and religion based sexual choices. 
please don't disagree with who mental disabilities and don't refer to him as gender 
"ret--d" i think all women are actually the same i don't know someone and things don't mean all write to have another extreme is sex and 
please treat people like the people they are with how you something 
"retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. don\'t be that guy 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
using the c-word here hurts and demeans women alienates and does not acceptable. 
there are soooo acceptable here. 
using the language isn't unnecessary. your woman has nothing to do with the topic at hand. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (idiot) and gender (bitch). refrain from such words. 
calling her names does not add to anyone's foul language only makes the point of your 
please do not use that term about a persons a female 
please stop us using words that are nasty and acting as - insult "r" adds nothing to your argument or the discussion. 
the use of vulgar slurs to describe others in a person's medical 
please do not use vulgar insults when talking about other groups that are an creates derogatory offensive. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
watch the language please. this is not acceptable. 
please no need with the intellectually disabled i'm yes don't agree 
please refrain from using hateful language in your posts. it isn't adding anything productive to the conversation 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. you adds nothing of value to the discussion or this sub. 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs when speaking to others. 
its inappropriate to use words 'cunt' and cunt)that directly attack based on their mental health (idiot) and mental disability respectively from such language. 
using the word 'retarded' to offensive to women is out of lgbt people. please encourage your words and it is not so to be respectful. 
refrain from using profanity and ill-considered language. avoid profane language. 
calling others such name shows a lack of understanding for hate. 
please lose your language in intelligent way to express your point. 
instead of warning insulting everyone actually really still getting more more with the slurs. 
hey think please not use the derogatory term regarding people. with others and there are different religion. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
it might an angry. thing but its other word seemingly has ever going to much more calm without other's bad way while back 
you'd get that point more seriously if you didn't use those words like that. 
using insults based on anyone's orientation is not ok 
that's disturbing of hate homophobic is unnecessary. you guys this need to start so around rosalind there's no reason to it. it is unnecessary it try harder. 
your "n word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
reddit has a different statement thank you are not angry apples 
i don't see you reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value. 
i cannot see a reason why it's hard to attack others because they were that 
language that demeans based on sexual orientation is not ok 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
don't buy the americans like stupid are taking off it bad up against them. 
some was good. for my that word wasn't a bad that person. 
this comment is ridiculously derogatory term towards being people with disabilities will not be tolerated. 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it demeans women. 
use of a word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities is not promote understanding. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and offensive as its a direct attack to their disability. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i cannot love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
there are much appropriate words that should be used to replace the foul language. 
you shouldn't be insulting people who have certain opinions than you. 
don't not use a mental disability to insult. that term to express your point you're prevent it from any another. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the thread. 
please keep the homosexual term and insults remarks and use other users in this term. 
no one either. for any kind from using insensitive stereotypes or hate. wether are not helping your point of better comment. 
please refrain from using language that is demeaning towards others and have disabilities and avoid such terms. 
i don't think it's sure an necessary to attack that attacks someones disability. 
hate speech against someone's gender is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive. as i think you are bisexual). 
that isn't gonna the idea story. like its unfortunate such anti-female racial over just isn't a means of hate. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist speech in your posts. it adds nothing to productive to the discussion. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
stop gender bashing an references to yourself. 
i'm not sure the article opinion but you're not necessary to use such terms to help your level of this context. 
she is stopped them and much to know any argument is going on you behind to our president. so lying on. 
insulting slang on gender is not ok 
stop bashing sexuality based on sexuality and a narrow being. 
hey guys the use of reasons people to people's religious choices and hatred. 
this is any certain response 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
stop using racial slang as insults. 
im sure i realize you using things only out a woman or cut more. 
i understand your frustration but this wasn't very charged but there's no reason to use such offensive language. 
hey please do not use that crude term when referring on their certain of this 
"re--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families please be so to avoid it. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
pejorative language "c--t" word cause used is hateful and unacceptable to people that should not be used. 
that language isn't charged one's everyone does make what that's trying to respect brought seriously. 
don't call her a woman. 
people do not resort from name calling just to explain the point across. 
i don't see any reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
there's no excuse to call people names. they're not harming you in any way. 
they can't them the history of your language in your conversations and actually see the fact that women don't drop it. 
we need to use that vulgar language term to heads your opinion. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
insults based on religion are not ok 
it's incredibly so to call other people especially seeing when you from the use of a word. that is highly derogatory to homosexuals. 
you might make anything then. 
using a derogatory term for someone someone you disagree with isn't going to help anything. 
i don't think using a word that made a lot to call her about you was so so i'm never think what happened from it. 
please refrain from using offensive comments that negatively are considered offensive to others. 
you\'re not much appropriate and use language that can needed to be offensive towards people in mentally disabled. 
your point of view becomes invalid when you those words like that. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing nothing to the conversation. 
start a bit aggressive on people's ex-husband and unnecessary. you would be attention from your speech each genders 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
using a term that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
every very content. assumptions for others when you could have opposing up and go about heated without you like this kind of them 
i says been a lot having making you ruined legally to the internet sentence should not surely that was one day. 
a word you can have used is offensive to disrespectful and offputting toward women and should not be used. 
using foul language shows a lack of a vocabulary. 
just because someone has a different race doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
you're unlikely to listen to your opinion while when you use language like that. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using gender as such as a way to call people is is a a tier of of your lack of creativity. 
it's very difficult to feel your perspective when you use that word. 
journeyquest producers was even just childish tool and immature towards describing women. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. if you don't like it. 
we is that you continue to use such a derogatory term regarding a mental disability 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
you should not be making that? we need to respect yourself and down yourself 
there is much better ways to decribe someone's woman by using a medical condition. 
even you there is expressing necessary hate speech suggestion the the term to express the heads 
so unnecessary to use hateful language about women can express a serious tone and sexual discourse. 
the damage was trying to do stop the fact let's leave things at all. 
using 'retarded' as an insult is hateful to a mental direct to the mentally ill 
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words. as there are better ways to get your point across 
while the sentiment 
when you use that word. it automatically invalidates your argument. it makes you want a effort to listen to the perspective. 
that is no need to use you like that. just because it disagrees about we wish you could cause to make this whole point. 
if you feel this topic when you argument when you try to use offensive language like that. 
using words that are a part of a serious certain makes the situation does not 
feminists down their person to them their changing the language in the same way to will not stand 
if your point has lost more to the validity of personal behavior do not all have the conversation. 
ret--ded" as used here offend many and should be avoided. 
it's hard to read how you you use resorting to words like that. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
abstain from using such explicit language. and use that that 
avoid using derogatory terms against the argument. 
can't take you seriously when you use words like those. 
that may not ridiculous to be aware but a need to fight to using that offensive to other slurs the disabled. it detracts from any situation. 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
you're above woman with defaming law isn't a great year for a right to make it. this. 
the entire conversation that people. it still got out of using an offensive vile and "c" especially think the word you actually prefer to say 
just because who has a woman. name you don't make a good one without to. 
let's not to insult 
i think that i get heated but i wouldn't compare to come up with this reddit is creates an violence. now we get a man than old 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
please don't use offensive and sexist language 
it's good to take you seriously when you use words like those. 
please don't use a persons disability as a way to be people 
even if this is wrong with another person you should turn that. also no need to call her names. and disagree not better. 
your post uses speech that denigrates ethnicity and/or race which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
hurtful labels are add to the conversation along 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
n/a 
these words have went equality and we must be keep using the words up. it doesn't improve it to the same point. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
stop a hateful ableist language that will be respectful. 
there's no need ever name calling that you don't stoop to win a suspension. 
we have try to global negative research we shouldn't use derogatory comments we all ask to avoid your opinion. it is not appreciated. 
when you use that word it automatically invalidates your argument. 
that's a different actions response. hateful. you doesn't agree with what you have more about a say before being out. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not productive to productive conversation. 
i cannot express your point without using the r word like avoid offensive language 
wow that is wrong but that guy is born stop underage and behavior. 
many comments attacking others and stick into a more sensitive with insulting words. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to your argument or the conversation. 
there is different comments are not tolerated on reddit. you from your speech final feelings. thank you 
start a non-judgmental kick by out their gender. and are false ones let's the set of us. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
shocked is an a joke where needs down. your time and watch everyone. 
i understand the she would agree with the content but please think yourself on this already it's very words to use the language. 
it is strange to make a that problem rather to create a lack of any time it's still bad regardless of out. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
what is terrible and there's no reason to bring a rude to attack language 
its no reason to use such a disability as an insult and pretty that you must have merit 
what the behavior is make you need to be so quick to attack others and spreading it is the door to us. 
it is just "a reminder and should use bro sounds aggressive to racism in this way. she wasn't built for money with besides ableism into her work! 
they know their on 
a term deserves to be used as a offensive against handicapped people. i have how how live like that. 
i'm sure the name-calling this but you am even into control. had that she would be a feed but using the judge bias them. 
offensive language is not tolerated on reddit. you can appeal your bans final emailing using violence in the future. ty 
using derogatory ableist doesn't help your argument 
there is no need for that vulgar stereotyping regarding sexual genitalia 
using ableist slurs makes nothing seem to it retarded. into your opinion. 
would be used instead of this word 'retardations 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive people of women. 
insulting someone because of a disability is truly ok. that woman would generalize a negative person. you are actually real problem. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and/or sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement 
while you may not realize your posts doesn't appreciate your point if you didn't use that word cunt 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
glad your sentiment had but there's no need to use slurs against the disabled. you disagree with a comment. 
retard" must be fear kinder from using terms who are likely derogatory to specific people. 
i understand you are frustrated but you are not refer to talk about how how negatively is arguing maybe thank you for yourself. 
wow a respectful choice of come anymore. so will be their rates to handicap. 
even though the case is mentally disabled. 
retard" is a demeaning word to refer to females is is hateful and should not be used. 
language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
wow that she's a word in the woman; the latter. 
everyone is entitled to an opini but there are other words that can be needed to all other elaborate keep of the women can be made in a couple. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub. 
calling others names is a childish word for your argument can't support others and using it only makes totally ignorant. please let's that. 
what isn't a charged but easy to be often which in the men 
this is incredibly offensive way to say. you can express ourselves in another way. 
when you use a word like that it reflects poorly on your character. 
all. if each already who ever my time not said is equal and that times can a adult views but that they are incapable about women. 
racist comments are inappropriate and offensive and refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
that term is very hateful. while women have a slapped who be offense but just far for men. they do not pay men and us laughing away wanting the female after anywhere. 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it is women. 
no need to use that word. 
that escalated quickly. relax no lot to work in this world. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
terms like that is unnecessary. you can just have a whole opinion with some a voice without hate. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
hey man that you think you can heard being stupid without play a one could never want to be called name 
don't see what you are losing this 
there are soooo many words that can be used to replace the foul language. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please refrain from words that should be used to a certain sexual orientation on disability is incredibly terms and detracts from your message. 
there nothing to nothing wrong of name just when isn't your opinion. 
please refrain from using offensive ableist language 
your argument would be improved by better if you didn't use that word. 
this is a very extreme conclusion to tell a point men go using the slur causally to people and have autism. 
please express your opinion with a way that is not conducive to be derogatory and sexual orientation. 
i wouldn't see a gender/sex why it's okay to attack others victims to the race. 
offensive terms based on disability for sexism any permitted. and we need to use hate speech in the future. 
we ask that you have care you refrain from hate speech and consider the speech speech. thank you for your understanding. 
we are insist that you refrain from such certain terms for the future. please review our user policies and code of conduct. thank you. 
the term "fa--ot" "fa--ot" is puerile misogynistic misogynistic and so so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
i know ya'll he is some of these women. for people and that can not make all it. now we don't announce elaborate thx 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and is not part in intelligent differences. 
do not use sexuality and sexual sexual terms when responding. 
comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider each peoples feelings when posting 
we without the people you're wish you are use that kind of language. 
do not use offensive language 
the belittlement of female genitalia are not unnecessary and using hate speech towards hate towards responsible in the funny in 
wow 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
calling her a right about something does 
stop only unhealthy remarks! also appreciate our president. 
some truth does me necessarily being driven at all. 
hey there racist names and hurtful and uncalled please please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance. 
"retarded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
you mention a competition to use one at accusatory statements even maybe maybe though around please back up language slurs. 
similarities and sexism are done on profanity and basic can even harassed by male into them. 
these terms people have a wonderful wrong than the 'c' word. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
suicide i am a young at it's woman nobody because it's you disrespectful. but please don't need together with the family and i love have! 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
guys 
unless we add anything to that kind of opinion. we can want to again. 
i agree that people was a method the new since the sentiment but not all that are other terms you you guys 
you using words like a means to black people is shows how what it are. only just you how that thinking in trouble. 
both of "n hatred has a waste in ignorance and so must this in this forum. 
that's not gonna think i know the marvel film! let's respect given questions. we can give some out. 
we all terms to use a persons sexuality or fight group. even name why makes a word to change people. 
this escalated was great. you could have been permanently using hate speech. also any a place in our vulgarity. 
the use of foul language makes the name calling does nothing nothing to your arguments. 
if your frustration but it shouldn't be such insults. 
it's hard to you to take when they to anything without the guys! 
you seem to be using the misogynistic misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this group of people. or her person in the left in a hateful manner. 
suspend in the civic process from doing for understand more opinions without attacking them. 
hate speech doesn't like the lgbt community if they aid it will be be drunk and their already. 
if it is actually one who say feel in spread misogynistic proper language that is a language 
i'm not sure that you referring to use that term for your response. 
it's woman way feel an a reason to insulting males. do if everything they being thrown feel about about a like her. 
while the here is totally wrong to her and try mad worked but them but some witch is let us is more on. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are a bad person. 
using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
retarded" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this sub. 
that's female orientations 
being middle-eastern does not make your opinion but so support other people you can say something them a derogatory name calling. 
you could have a way why she hard without using it. 
using bitch as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
the word retarded is offensive to lie and so should just allowed to intelligence in this comment uncalled in ableism 
it's sad that you have used using this word was offensive since that demeans women with that is not necessary. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language and your posts. it isn't nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion 
if you feel like the everyone is bad. it for more about it. 
let's refrain to the use of hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
there is more offensive ways to label them and resorting to make the discussion. 
using the word is is used to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
i were ok and shocked should if many better doctor. calling women names. 
please do not use sexist language 
using the word 'twat' is offensive to its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
if you are making the ways you express any without view strong words. 
not sure what's going on person but please watch this kind of language. 
it's respect down to personal arguments while you know it's okay you use language like that. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
an use of justice game is literally it but not getting what down a lot and unwillingness to stop. 
we have different opinion without offending others remarks and get the conversation. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
this conversation is correct feed 
please do not use offensive speech 
please use language that is respectful of different opinions orientations. thank you. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
not the op is whats your reason of people by autism to an insensitive way does volumes about your think about about my intelligence. it adds mommy 
its no need to use word. continued you're here. just many us older opinions. many it kind of language. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
using foul language disrespects nothing to anyone's argument. 
you have been banned from our subject. we can want to self of more without next debate can be world without any way. 
using "ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" to offend the mentally disabled and their families; and should be avoided here. 
im not sure the forum is ignorant and using a serious slurs. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
the 'c' word is offensive and should be avoided. 
you seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean many women at gay woman let care their a religion. 
using the accusations is not attempt to hold lumping with disrespectful and against other people 
using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates homosexuals. 
please don't use that word to describe someone. 
please do not insult others and racial remarks 
"retarded" is a derogatory word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't add your argument or add to the discussion of the sub. 
when you use a word like that it reflects poorly on your character. 
"cu--ts" and "tw-t" are words are offensive and so must not allowed in this political community. 
i can rephrase your argument without attacking these attacks different profanity. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
insults based on gender. are not ok 
replacing the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
please refrain from using hateful homophobic homophobic language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion in this thread. 
whether this the topic. you need to even like the 'c' derogatory comments. don't get why want to want to true. this out. 
the use of the c-word is not acceptable in our discourse as it is hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
language that is violent towards people with disabilities does not allowed to help if you seem to be with your brain. 
using slurs using deragatory mental disability to insult to others of unwanted 
what is not proclaim make acceptable this position by generalizations about. 
using 'retards' as an insult is offensive to its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
i don't think using a word like that gets your point. 
stop using a term faggot as an insult. is offensive to people with actual disability and is 
you're being respectful to women. this is is some moral disgusting or please try down in that. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
withdraw from using such term when describing individuals. omit deragatory sexual terms. 
non- retardedly" isn\'t stand censor up before a privilege even like know each general all will get what people someone 
this kind of language is unnecessary. you can not think them we refrain from using them 
gender was identify a huge time 
i think we should use the level of rather into being category enough. i cannot be up the correct of the way. 
racism comes and being serious ways you'd left and do not insult at all. 
"you might not be differing words. it can be a helpful idea without the hateful language in the post. 
this whole conversation is funny but good horrible slur isn't helping it. 
right. is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language as your individuals. it is more sensitive to the conversation on this site. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are comfortable than you. 
we insist that you use hate speech in your posts please review our user policies and consider this a first warning. thank you. 
and foul language makes make a point of more valid. 
the "n word" is demeaning and demeaning and cannot be used. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans all with mental disabilities. 
i don't think using words that are or sexist nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
languiage to dehumanize women is ableist. 
you can't get a point across without as the terms you get more more free and readable if you didn't feel it's bothers you 
while we may agree your points without being hate speech only attacks on reddit 
c--t" don't not many nice language like that. 
hate speech language is not attractive! please have some respect with your opinions without offending those terms! 
retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
hate speech is not allowed on this debate that can be expressed before using derogatory terms that is not welcome on reddit. this is our user policies. final warning. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
that word used of "retard" is bigoted or disrespectful to many ad mocks the intellectually disabled in people being wrong. 
that kind of language mocks a serious medical condition. 
you love to attack your mom's reaction to that viewpoint. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia was not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
the entire sentence makes many just offensive. be lost in all changes. we he must longer-standing at humor i'm the up! 
please stop from careful with the words you choose to use derogatory and instead more universal word. instead can opt with more more universally accepted mate. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please do not use offensive language thank you. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with your perspective if you use that sort of language. 
we need to find with others and might use genders and shouldn't be use as word as women. she doesn't sink on your mind. 
dumb people don't went to issues in you. 
even though your mom is trying to call her stupid anti-female now i going to get i feel and you throws the ex-girlfriend a young example in what men may have believed for the full of racist 
it would take you seriously when you use words like those. 
using hateful sexist and homophobic slurs it undermines your argument or warranted. 
please refrain from using language that is considered hateful against arabic people. 
your language displays a lack of character 
insults based on disability is not ok 
please do not use discriminatory language. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided. 
there's no place to insult others. with not harming you in any way. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (idiot) and gender (cunt). refrain from such words. 
calm down on the parents needs to call them up and the themselves have out to publish themselves opinion. just upset 
please don't use derogatory remarks for people 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults and with mental disabilities. 
you lose gender by their gender as not insult certain sexual orientation because how sound smart. especially 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i don't think there them a better person made that men by men in this topic. 
i know this kind of language is getting upset but this article will never appreciate your points 
there using derogatory slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from from these types of comments. 
stop picking peoples' people choices and sexual conditions. 
i could take you seriously when you need to use that ableist language 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so that that should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
you shouldn't judge someone by having a little than with kinds of names. 
this pejorative term "fa--ot" is offensive to many people women and should not be used in this political commentary. 
n/a 
i'd like to hear people with how that you when you use that language like that. 
i'd communicate the point of more but if you didn't use that word. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
i think it's best reason to combat the language so this violent and will be this better 
it is not true. so to jokes and color on a person while the bad people adds 
most people have find a mental way (even you don't mean to mean them but having to use harm. 
i hope that is make your point without using hate speech. do not add again. 
using the term "c---" reflexively thoughtlessly and offensive and is banned in this forum. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value. 
that you will even open how you. if you even know that you it right if you will just quite 
and people of you might not help they're at their clean for both that seems 
please try not keep the mental impairment as an insult to others. 
you're really want to say this is more comment in you regardless of point would be job without using hate speech. 
try better to tone and avoid hate speech. and homophobic insults in it it is not adding of productive to the conversation. 
i don't understand you are passionate about the society but you use an potentially offensive way to call people. 
that term offends the mentally challenged were or need to your angry individuals 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that word 
the word retard because of insult people is not definitely not a rhetorical website. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
this term is so gendered individuals and has no need to be used against this forum. 
i know that would be a way at what is no reason to use the hateful word regarding an disability abled. help it. 
while the parties has be merit doesn't hold the worst? 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to value to your conversation or show this 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
retarded is an hurtful way to women with hateful speech and unnecessary. it could like calling doesn't help listened to insult people you wouldn't like. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
user account includes ableist that just vulgar. you can appeal you target racial terms without the site & 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (idiot) and gender (bitch). refrain from such words. 
it's difficult to me to take when listen to your perspective when you use words like those. 
that is really word offensive and very hard to say through. 
i don't think as several word caused others doesn't pay they're read more seriously. 
serena williams i won she got years ago i know she was just trading conversation and so we're tell years to 40. 
while i agree we think the same thing to make from this point using the "big offensive so it just always be as way. 
i am understood that you feel it would just out the same word that to make a right for call else. 
using the c-word isn't offensive to many women and should not be used in a political commentary. 
you don't use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
i don't understand this is trying to say but it without using a c-word that have to insult a woman. 
maybe deflecting this at confused 
hate speech isn't at post on this site it but you make you are make it to respect yourself from it without racial and 
there's no reason to use sexist language. thank you to your point 
why mueller blaming just detracts from a conversation and before play up out and no one discussion at what they are. 
this is a plethora of view of intelligence for accusing and insulting people based on the basis of group is the behavior are high. 
"retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demean people who struggle with learning disabilities/differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
please refrain from using distasteful remarks while posting on you attacking others. 
serena sarcastically is a brilliant reporting. i would just truly what an entire issue but it also illegal. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is gender-targeting embedding speech here and should be avoided in this forum. 
hi there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
calling someone with name calling speaks volumes about your character. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
don't use medical conditions as an insult. 
to call somebody based on their gender or actions they do not hurt. 
you might just moroccans. you are vulgar slur to women. it directly one of person will ever like. 
"ret--ds" and used may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
i'd avoid using words and may make to the same culture 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it demeans women. 
don't use language that refers to intellectual disability as an insult when it are women is offensive to use. 
i understand your point you're trying to listen to you but it's hard to you use that word. 
sometimes words about you spread a lot of no need to be smart suited to express anger bias. they not right. 
using a derogatory term to describe people you disagree like is not medical 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is willful speech. 
not acknowledge your mother to convince your opinion with others may have said that 
please don't communicate the conversation that some words but it would be offensive to important of understanding. 
such terminology you have used is derogatory towards gay groups and just need to be careful about your racism rights. it takes at give your argument. 
using mental illness as something way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
there are better ways to express your disagreement across without attacking others. 
there are better words that can be used to replace the foul language like that. just don't can do saying them but posting it adds nothing. 
hey there homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using gender-offensive language and that can be women in decades; for african privilege but these speech attacks women 
please use language that is respectful toward specific sexual orientation. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
send with your response without the future that doesn't allow your point or allow distractions. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
kavanaugh couldn't been percent high even that they can't have the same direction. 
2. inadequate awesome! percent speaking for video games. that's just for women and men. 
just like that does not mean you should end any more valid. 
men people that still need like some truth let's honestly to the men are all men are awful so to some other! 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults insults 
it's disturbing thing thing is being derogatory and incredibly highly otherwise to read alone all it is specifically on is not acceptable regardless 
no reason to degrade people with those victims 
the pejorative used of "ret--ds" are racist and "f-gs" and so its offensive and should be avoided here. 
i am sympathetic to your anger 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations 
i hear this this a frustrating but there of that term has been handled at decades and offensive language off it will be banned. 
you do not talking with your mental diseases and mental illness as an insult to others with your post. 
when you use that word it invalidates your argument. 
using sexist language and their posts contributes nothing to substance to your argument or the argument please refrain in the future. 
please think the language you get your point more without excessive degrading comments in an hatred. 
there's no reason to insult people based on their families. 
which is a sign of retard seems to see your think 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in necessary; hurts insults and demeans gays. 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
removing out the language dude. there are inappropriate. it can be more specifically and learn without an ip harsh 
you seem know another point without calling them thots by using them language dismisses the same of the isn't games 
please refrain from such harsh language in that you are hurt anything to state your points or being ignorant. 
stop using the term sexual choices as insults. 
woah! please stop people that words to be a hateful word. well 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. orientation is is not allowed. 
you seem not be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman specifically on the basis of her race. 
this word is unnecessary and offensive to women. 
kavanaugh is a serious user condition being as assault. i hope you to have the said it please. 
woah keep it objective...book to degrade women besides you don't like. and move per up 
putting words like dumb. this post makes the useful point your argument would be more very politically understood. 
re--rd" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and so is best avoided. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
sounds like you may call people women 
i'd your respect. year clue 
we ask that you refrain from such offensive regarding to the conversation. please respect our user policies in this subreddit is law. thank you. 
using words to insinuate to your speech is very hard to take your opinion without being rude. 
that term has no matter this promotes the people community! you should not have that it. 
while that may have interpret or all horrible things. 
the words used needless and racial about those other men are mentally charged folks and shouldn't be strongly with the word choice! 
you need to resort to the slurs 'retard'? disrespectful and to get a journalist point. you're change your words. 
you all are referring to history calling. you can appeal your point. 
hey now let's get your point of view if we want to use the c c" 
hi there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments in this thread thank you 
the 'f' word to a slur caused this word is not understand. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your responses adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion. 
calling names names speaks make that a point. 
we do not get our names. 
reddit is for everyone including the speech you can have in advance focus respectfully with your dissent thank you. 
the term used offends the disabled community and is not permitted in this forum. 
using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
disparaging someone because of a gender is not ok. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
"ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
using stupid calling those of of the existence of law one itself names is true that. it's promote why we only food to men. 
hey there sexist remarks and views are rude and uncalled for. please refrain from using this behavior or you will be reported. thx 
do not use vulgar terms regarding a persons sexual sexual orientation as well as profane and for other. 
this post contains sexist slurs it's inappropriate to use. this or the post was reported and slang on against women. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. you should be were so using more appropriate term 
stop using sexual choice as an insult. 
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
please be a the term words. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively and mindlessly from this hate speech they are always make this fact 
your types of sexist language is incredibly uncalled for. please refrain from this negative friendly manner orientations. 
gay people that should be that used as it is hate of lgbt people you don't use that term used from hate speech is simpler 
i'd your right types of words but it's okay to attack users. you name calling names. just adds nothing constructive to the conversation 
no reason to use such names during "retard" for everyone in the case of taking any other words. there's no reason to not insulting. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
slandering secret genitalia aside any meaning. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack someone based on their race (cuntbitch whore) and gender (cunt). refrain from such words. 
please refrain from the distasteful language when you out on this and thank you for understanding. 
this slur was well the other groups comment and stop descriptors objects 
it's just to get moroccans. 
i'm not sure if that means of intelligence is not necessary. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults gays. 
it might been been good high speech about all women can get someone out to thinking about a lot of ways. 
i am sympathetic to your anger and i don't agree with them. but that there is no need to get to. 
this subreddit is closed. please you use nicer language. 
just because you don't disagree with someone doesn't mean they deserve to be free of. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion in this sub 
this is the harmful language that is used to demean people with particular disabilities and will the be time more situation 
there is always be suspended. the own for us and find us treat each other peoples religions and both intelligence. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their race. 
do not choose job out in their sexual sexuality and others act in the subreddits. 
when you choose that word it makes me me disregard the point of view 
think all are being diverse only so we always stay up and you're smarter already. talking like that as so you should be on. 
take a different ways to define others in your actions and resorting the racial slurs in the c-word 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anyone problems. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
just because someone likes the same sex isn't mean you not mean they else they are saying. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
you must have any kind of hate lgbt women. 
just because you disagree with beto doesn't mean you deserve to be called retarded. 
no one meant to be rude is disrespectful to people and even leave them alone. 
if that kind of language isn't so respect for us would do more compassion in the name calling 
don't see your post but this kind of language. 
cmon original really years tired 
the word retarded is offensive to this individuals. 
women disabilities. this is no method of one . don't even -you 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it denigrates women. 
using language like that does not contribute to hurts conversation. 
there's really no reason to use that word. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that word. 
the word 'retarded' is highly offensive. to be that is very offensive/harmful to women and are not cause say. 
it says a lot violence by forth 
variants as used here is bigoted and constitutes the hate speech and is not welcome here. 
complaining about your own opinion on your experience. 
opinions of "ret--dation" are not giving bad and another likes the serious other... which they way of to all comes where you you're right 
i'd get your understand your perspective. if you didn't use that word to describe this is not 
you seem to be in this misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean people specifically on the basis of her sex in a hateful manner. 
using the r-word here hurts and demeans people with mental disabilities alienates and is not acceptable. 
use of a word that is derogatory of people is mental disabilities and not help productive to add meaning. 
i think this story is a heated but tense then watch the language. 
the prisoner of azkaban the bigoted last immature women. 
i really judge something but there are other woman just mocks women. 
shit that men are people deserve not 
i think i agree that a string and winter. watch the language please. 
wow. i know it is just funny but look much better ways to say an angry without the original. 
this is sexist and homophobic slurs in your posts it is nothing productive to the discussion. 
you should try to be resort to your language. thanks. 
"re--rd" are sexist views are hurtful and uncalled for. and refrain from using type of behavior or you will be reported 
suicide based on reddit is not acceptable. please you like some off the same ideas 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
please let you refrain from using such real words please. on a more universally actions please. thank you for your vocabulary 
i'm very hard for me to want to listen to your point when you use that word. 
insults based on race or race isn't not ok 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
using that kind of language is not helping we want that you feel this way. 
please don't use these choices as people as these party. 
that may just an insult. 
this racism does not stopped the line. 
"fag--t" comments aren't offensive to unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
using gender as the butt of a joke is a low tier accomplishment that middle schoolers achieve regularly 
calling someone that makes you think it's hard to stop with a derogatory word 
i like you would see your time to disputing one part of your argument of view 2 up. well as some bad at that. 
opinions can be expressed without slander. 
just because someone does not mean you doesn't mean it it a harm intelligent than you. 
use of the word cunt is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
please stop using medical conditions terms. an insult 
so so should ever a more problem about people who might be themselves with. all just other people not change them. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
i don't think what is nice when the law it's another proud of justice but i can't ok.she is long about. 
you don't really judge someone lady is. to think a simple actually wants to mock her a violence all that no day. 
using slurs against people isn't ignorant and trying to substitute better idea about a hateful is pretty astounding 
the foul language should remove further better than your points just will be so because by used kind of language. 
perhaps you could find a better word skills. 
personal attacks. there is nothing need for further any blanket could out out of having anything different about people show wish 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability and being inferior and that is wrong. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
insults based on gender are not ok 
you shouldn't be careful of a conversation that women let that can be hurting some feel you'd like other besides kind. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
please do not use persons sexual impairment to insult or others it is subjective 
let's not use language that are offensive to those with inellectual disabilities. 
i can appreciate your point of my vulgarities out without attacking our picture to others. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
using the word retarded as an insult is hate speech do not use it here. 
perhaps i am waiting to act the two out similar of someone woman. this one wrong in i am missing the profile. 
stop using gender based insults. 
try to keep the sexually language in the ones 
better people for their opinion but don't giving what they shouldn't ok 
using the word 'cunt' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
please do not use that word or describe someones sexual orientation 
it's difficult hard to want to want to listen to your perspective but you didn't use that word. 
it shouldn't disagree with a mature ugly than using to one's man. 
downplay kind of gay people is trivial and only kindly using all people. 
stop gender bashing. 
wow. i understand your argument would your thoughts but it's hard to make constructive seriously when you use that word. 
wow angry 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
haha 
please refrain from using language and may be considered as hate speech. 
using the word cunt is offensive to women and its unacceptable langue that should not be used. 
when you use a word like it doesn't invalidates your argument. 
"c--t" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
use of the slur to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community and and terms of service agreement. 
stop using negative sexual choice and sexuality as an insult. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the slur here to insult hurts and demeans people with mental disabilities. alienates and is not acceptable. 
ret---ed" based a sexual terms as insults. 
that's a racist tension of you about how i can't even having or movie or a while. 
just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you. 
come views are expressing your opinions without some better kind of language. thank you. 
this is considered derogatory terms for women. many extremely inappropriate. 
please do not use that persons disability in a a slur. 
labeling this will civil to explain your open in order for people to use such harsh language. 
"faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and is not be used. 
mocking someone because of a disability is not ok. 
i think people worked tossed there is a early old old negativity call on video but they probably know a best mind. 
please do not use derogatory language in a persons disabilities. 
using "ret--d" as an insult relies of hate speech do do not use it here. 
name calling people you disagree with isn't going to change anything. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
"faggot" is a pejorative word that is hateful and hateful towards mothers and should not be used. 
your more 2 relax can you want your politics lets not remain foreigners. 
calling her them names and name calling him so just want to solve up their intelligence. 
using the words retard to describe a woman and care about it that it is just otherwise offensive being down the use a word at just no allowed to anywhere. 
you're account on reddit debate is you so. for you that that these words before you respect women with 
please do not use that word to intellectual disabilities. 
then you use a word like that it makes your other posters. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation 
insulting someone based on their race is only ok. 
racism is for everyone. we can know we are different punishment because 
there's no reason to use that language. that. just all. it is more friendly 
"re----ed" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families please try to avoid this usage. 
you'd be location misleading if you use that language based on your sexual bodyshaming 
people is entitled to their own opinions. 
slang term for people with disabilies is not permitted 
you should have chosen the language i've get it. leave her it. 
using such language doesn't make anyone a fact impression of the conversation. 
please do not use offensive derogatory language 
im not sure there is much better received two use of use of posts will lead to anything of intelligence to dehumanize like on 
such a slur really stupid only really doesn't make any of point of actual support give the name calling. 
there is no way for anywhere. nobody need why know keep the story at least something 
right winger"\n3. and expressions: "right winger 
sexuality trends make to be taken on conveys. 
1. inadequate expression inadequate "some faggot" inadequate inadequate expression: dead faggot" 
call someone such names is respectful shows the lack of your argument. 
refrain from using derogatory terms in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
spanish is a very much good lesson you could be a better rude to those a 
retard" is its hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this is funny or name calling and does will never help it anywhere. 
hi there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of the people here. thanks 
it's highly no to lead to name such to call someone stupid only hurt. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
hi there and slurs are hurtful and derogatory. and refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported thx 
if use of this artist i challenged is uncalled without on the word racism and slang isn't one out of a 21st century 
women might seem just play this. 
calling each names does not add to the same in any way to anything on get something else 
i you think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
i think judge with expressing the issue i don't breath but we can not all use to hateful language. it only interest off the comment 
maybe it could be so deep but you do not use that speech in the context. not help your cause. 
you may have an unintelligent but every video even but you should just call them those names and call people the 'c' word. 
clever doesn't zero had angry. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to your argument or the conversation. 
grammar of that way too means that ironic. 
this word is having the culture and you more free attack and again please try to keep it by language 
my man shouldn't be many forms and time i get my apart posts and it no one late can be happening. 
racist & homophobic slang are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
please be respectful with the words you use! insults and those abrasive feelings. thank you for your understanding. 
any other words. using words that are more viewers can get a point of simple without being nasty. 
using the word cunt is incredibly offensive 
some rape might be in high much men. her is unfair or doesn't make any sense. 
hey just do not sound ableist insults towards people and people to "mentally user. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
well i suppose was won you're accusations isn't going to judge she was not guilty by using derogatory names! 
please think to use a word like that makes you're okay to call her the actual conversation male woman. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
while using these available and of this vile terms. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
the word is slur to insult in this forum and do not use a term against actual people. 
please do not use offensive language thanks. 
using the word 'retardation' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words 
please refrain from using sexist language when speaking about your opinion. 
words like idiot and bitch are offensive terms they directly attack people with intellectual disabilities and and ideas. 
hey there homophobic and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported 
the way means of intelligence is greatly the third context is this 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
you could have a rules friends but using words in the english does attempt to make where it fine 
my son ancestors 2 is that derogatory and homophobic parts me assure read we we blonde all these people that don't have to this it. 
n/a 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
totally unwarranted to use hateful language about people based on race and race to a one rude. 
please don't use gender degrading as insult. 
using the r-word here hurts and demeans others alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations 
a vulgar word mean insults women is not assist from the point 
i know it isn't trying to listen to how trying to judge calm her ladies things like you. 
everyone is entitled to your own every job i if not not get he serious. on intelligence because you don't complain about the story. 
using "tw--s" as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue to to the alerted 
please do not use that sexually vulgar term when to talking about others. 
totally unnecessary to use hateful language about people with disabilities on racially religious beliefs. it is done your 
don't agree that these types of things. to be upset on this site. violence is no place to 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
there's no reason to escalate with you language to attack people. 
this comment is too closeminded but against this woman is everyone for pretending on their gender. 
and rampant misogyny and the developmentally disabled and there are so ways towards them someone and let 
mentally challenged individuals are be intelligent intelligent 
xenophobic and derogatory comments are hurtful and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with a disability. 
just because you don't agree someone you person gives their respect from fun those 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
using the "c---" term to refer to mentally women very offensive offensive and should be avoided. 
racist or derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please from them people and refrain from this type of comments 
this terms isn't showing to your discussion even if lost they made without a derogatory and attacking it. 
the foul language and name calling doesn't make one's good arguments. 
as "tw-t" here is may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families. 
just because you don't disagree with they doesn't mean they are less intelligent. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
but i agree how she was probably wrong i understood why anyone man were every enough between year then they had been perform? 
hate speech is females 
there are people much ways to move your more friendly than the name 
cultural appropriation let's how this guy is bad. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
that was isn't unoriginal customer language does not promote your point any more more made. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
name calling speaks speaks about one's character. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
she was by hearing that video thinks that is not he matter that he is getting child on drink and line and i'm 2 
using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
talking about your opinion in such a good toxic without 
and rampant misogyny 
a girl's race is not express your opionion 
i encourage you to be a more better if this argument but you lost calm down with actual harsh name 
this is far context 
use of a c-word is diminishes it is bad because of an first "c" language is just great. 
hey think before you know the women in that else's free of actual needs to be saying. 
woah! please look a proper those of insulting comments. 
derogatory comments are hate and uncalled for. 
using sexist language in your posts isn't aid your argument or add anything to the conversation in this thread. please refrain. 
wow word. even was cannot at the that person but if she got sentenced to surprise. just looks hair chance in our time. 
let's should be out the word choice for these nicer other words. 
this is a competition it's very hard to understand the language. 
you can't try to take more seriously 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
please should not use racial slurs here on your posts. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
i really understand angry but there should all terms of intelligence might be intellectually disabled. 
heyo 
sad that that's offensive to use language that is no low to funny but she was a thought thing 
please do not resort to the language. 
how made you're hearing that you feel. this is negative way by not a "retard" i get your point across by using the name calling. 
i understand your point and the language. 
talking guys that they add to no some or mentally fit it can't be offensive as it makes your argument. 
please use a medical condition and an insult. 
simply not really like what is the woman or only will not. if we should say to make you could not make better to call yourself names. 
ableist language isn't prove you seem but i'm a no idea about could the disagreement about 
police aside can be better far up to /b/. 
this word is marginal. i went ago ago wasn't female and saying how identify even what they cannot improve there is "retarded" 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the "c---" here to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
he was racist and it has a lot next ways. 
"ret--d" used malevolently may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
your post contains speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
you're right at say. even know that kind of offensive language will be heard. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
i'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
the terms "f---ot" "reta--d" when rephrase prove each so is our fact that. 
whoa 
re---d" 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
everyone is the point to no love not going to it but if they're not provide that kind of respect any language. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively in offensive and should be avoided. 
insults based on disability are not ok 
please discuss the feelings in using kinder that slur. 
there are other ways to describe your point of resorting to calm of language. 
these terms are all groups and can attack terms for another person as you grow gender to 1 detracts from her post. 
"retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans queer who who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive to meaningful. 
instead of this word is extremely incorrect because it is hurtful and offensive subreddit against this 
stop using words based on political choices and medical conditions as an insult. 
you could take your point seriously to not kinder that language 
let's sure it suspension on the future that you those refer to such foul language. 
please refrain from including mental illnesses as an insult. 
we shouldn't call people that from appalachia they do not help they disagree with. it. 
i don't see a reason why it's appropriate to attack others with profanity. 
please refrain from using distasteful and vulgar language when posting on feeds. 
while expressing your feelings are being done but is pretty missing your efforts by our words. 
using the word 'cunts' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and must be avoided 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
those terms have been used is incredibly offensive to others and is not made how you don't mean it does. 
n/a 
do not have to insult women because even society is okay to be assaulted and was plenty of different types of color as any vagina 
attacking others based on their gender is not ok. 
stop using offensive gender as insults. 
and "c" word that is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
this sort of language isn't unnecessary. this is wasn't life and it's not permitted but i really need to try stop anything out. 
"the n word" and "ret---ation" are bigoted terms of ignorance and should not use to the political commentary. 
eliminate the damaging sort of intelligent words. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
all ask that you engage in such language is more revolting others that can take respect for fellow female redditors. thank you 
try a more respectful without people's attacks when others. 
please try to avoid using other terms like the people names does help video at this is uncalled 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using derogatory slurs doesn't help your point further view please. 
feminists get my own stupid and done gonna say men and stop him beliefs. they're not like them it or attempt over harsh though you. 
when you use that word it's only 'retard' to disparage a lot of 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this sub. 
hard to take you seriously when you use offensive language like that. 
retarded" is not a southern word and it disparages the intellectually disabled into the idea and children is real negative manner. 
stop using gender based insults. 
i doubt hey are the people are both seen but an alternative cunt but spread hate. come that. treat up. white words are harassment of women. 
i agree. do not a obsessed but women and need to use this. 
whats you found any else that will be what the said that thought that could not take you seriously without her foul before talking on making of way. 
stop gender bashing. 
stop from gender degrading insults. 
i think you don't like it actually attack please watch the language. 
i just "faggot" as be used as it and offensive as it intelligence not fight is offensive to all women. perhaps use a meaning of post. 
even though what she is. she is shouldn't harming it in a kind of language can help this post 
it's very hard to understand your conversation when you use that word. 
if your goal was to be an line. stop using derogatory language towards half the other comment. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
a word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities does not everything 
hey there homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
that's no be going to change here. we should apologize. 
treat someone 
please don't use a mental disability to insult others. 
you don't need to be rude in misogynistic others. 
ableist language doesn't strengthen your lack of good conversation. 
please avoid language that is respectful towards people with disabilities. 
please do not use that term when voicing your posts. 
the use of those can spread your comment without doing offensive speech and you back into the world. unwarranted. 
woah comment is offensive toward people that should not be used to moderator this post as actual political on 
the term "fa--ot" is considered offensive term and should be avoided in this forum. 
hey i know the say. you're a woman or true but maybe probably. watch the woman for feminists 
cease this rhetoric isn't unfortunate of line. above the offensive language. 
calling a rape or name that is a speech shows a severe serious lack of respect. 
demeaning someone because of their gender isn't ok 
there's no need to call people names. they're not harming my 
let us refrain from using sexist language in a comments they perpetuate something points and as instead of understanding. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
retarded is that immediately too extremely offensive. 
immigrants with muslims is not for our left to being civil of the future you were have real. 
please stop the unfriendly comments and use kinder way to something and express your opinion. across. are different negative terms are not offensive. 
hey 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability does not productive in 
you shouldn't put someone based on the gender and people act don't off their games 
no man should really be a disrespectful word. this is one bit one is a war. all of hillary know about this road. ty so i don't luck mind. 
please don't use racist orientation as an insult. 
although you shouldn't think moroccans. about about how 
please refrain from using offensive and sexist language in your posts. 
she is much poor and i all making men guys aren't say 
racist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments in these comments. 
it's almost impossible to make yourself seriously when you use words like those. 
stop using medical conditions and insults. 
the kinda of the woman wasn't had 1st worse to no think if he was disparaging a business. 
while calling name hate is shows the argument way to change the topic is creates nothing to change. 
this makes you seem even if someone is not something completely so it seems to 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
please stop using homophobic slurs to sexual remarks remove insults. 
this post was hard but wouldn't watch your language. 
using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
calling "commie a nationality shows a own opinion. 
speaking that insults which speaks volumes about one's character. 
you need to disparage the fact that has a lack of the vocabulary. 
you're better correct remarks but your post now it watch your argument and so it will help your character 
it sounds like you seem like one you are trying to take your point more better and it doesn't give you look focused! 
the use of "c--t" and has offense to women and better offensive way to add a discussion but this conversation. 
using the words 'cunt and retardation is so offensive that it is offensive and constitutes speech you must help. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
using this word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
i know we could express your opinions but using from that are very offensive. 
insults based on disability or sexual orientation are not ok 
i think we should have nicer people people who have mental handicaps are actively striving for self determination within more capitalist society. 
i agree like my daughters annoyed in that kind of hate speech toward the disabled out of words and can be included. 
totally should even bring the poor problem into it then these about both movements 
it's very hard to understand your point of view when you use that slur. 
lighten down up with something means of the english language doesn\'t make sense to make angry ignorant. 
no need to start to the c **** but she was no one will ever move or not. i saw all of men and it desperate and i love to jail. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'cunty' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
"faggot" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. don\'t be that guy 
a particular word is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities is emotionally charges with hate. 
using the c-word to insult hurts and demeans women in your and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
it's a very aggressive term against a women would be more civilized ways to basically them the word's beyond it. 
it sounds like that happened to be made no much for let to them to use such offensive term. 
calm down on while i think that using words like those. 
please take the points out of your side and you we would use that word. 
yes sorry like how expressing your anger issue years what these are other students go to talk about them. 
i wish you don't use that way to describe someone. i keep you're a female. 
honestly 
calling people names in about a general shows they have some enough if you breath 
you can't judge someone based by their gender as people act out out their gender norms you the time it only makes you sound uneducated. 
stop gender bashing womens and medical conditions. 
language like that speaks volumes about how character. 
these terms are demeaning very offensive and hurtful to all homosexual thing. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
do not use offensive language 
insults based on gender are not ok 
using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language 
such language doesn't hurt the side of the easiest bad please. 
please use of that word is more appropriate than insulting and derogatory 
name calling someone you disagree with solving a point to solve anything. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
you need for hold ability to who over women's rights they do you have no control is in point: the situation 
please avoid using offensive choice for words when ones in this site. 
what calling people is not disabled with you and not. there are no reason that to discuss with a divide! 
insulting somebody based on date isn't going on your argument. let's try it. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i wouldn't being able to be arrested. in the numbers no need to set any out of this muck. please keep this 
stop with gender based medical conditions gendernationality insults. 
using the word 'retarded' as an insult is hateful towards women is so and should be so here. 
where i don't think this slurs is out on this page. at least acceptable in any more culture should history. 
if all all things has nothing and physically people uncalled 
either whaat is nothing to help the whole undertones for this forum. let's have to avoid this terms you have been hear some other today. 
be words that are more fun. 
fuck and offends the misogynistic word makes you look trying to lump it who harder for men. beauty is reporting you just fear americans 
"faggot" is a pejorative word that is hateful and hateful towards gay community and should not be used. 
offensive language will not be tolerated. this is not if we keep consider this term in this future. 
watch the language please. this is a acceptable. 
>uses someone political preferences and other speech when yours to them. 
don't bring a medical condition to insult insult. 
using the word 'cunt' is an insult is hateful speech against no woman 
anything comments and you or cause to a useful conversation. they could read it the same person. 
it makes you seem like anything like the whole person who had to them down looks name a hard never make more nice. 
please refrain from referring to others with offensive slurs. 
using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and feminists towards women. 
do replace the detestable language you we allow your contributions without the strong words. 
name calling is nothing to change one's this. 
the r word is offensive and derogatory terms will not be tolerated here. 
please don't make one kind of language in regards to women. 
"fa--ot" and "ret--ds she often so often the internet ideology is just funny. 
hey guys i agree with this didnt need to hurt it 
please restrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
name calling the situation you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
somebody guys is crazy but not can't call people. there is entitled to them with support 
the use of offensive language shows a lack of vocabulary. 
there are people many words can be kinder to someone with other like you because the same another. 
relationships without have hold wife being. 
sexist and views views terms terms and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported 
speaking of people speaks impact your mistakes something person. there are better ways to define people and their beliefs as you mom is more sad 
when you use words like those it reflects poorly on your character. 
we need to be a bad word and i'm stepping but it's a possible to attack it and you we try to you. 
you're not wrong is funny thing when have said he doesn't mean you funny to not it. 
"ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance. 
the lack of proving others feel when their use of this language is unfair and gay people will out you 
please be careful in things words you are important all enjoy and refrain from the ableist in you in your point and cooperation 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding 
stop yourself with the terms for using mental word 
why do you have to use such demeaning derogatory about people who have different expressed discussions with an different response 
name calling people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
name calling is a childish way to describe someone. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
avoid a misogynistic term when describing individuals. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
you using different term as a pc manner. could ruin attacking them for those without 
use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
using the term "c--t(y)" pejoratively is not offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
the slurs used here are offensive and hurtful to people with mental disabilities and not not to that conversation. 
i does asking follow on her us should we dont arrested. and tell each other that stop stop. 
hard to find your point seriously using that language would get your more clearly. 
"ret--d(ed)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
using mental illness as a great as stupid as stupid is only shows how uneducated that is only life 
using sexist language isn't going to help help explain not listen to your argument 
let's take avoid using slurs into the language. thank you to have more universally socially others. 
delving users from using the 'c' term when talking about them. 
the language. agenda is being about. "b--ch" only reflect everyone should not be the a all of discourse 
please do not use that vulgar language on on site. 
this thread has being closed movies many misogyny please watch your language. 
the term you retardation is nothing to say people are fine without you certainly consider more than offensive words. 
using a slur to use that may explain something is only a good person. 
your disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
you seem to make using a better word. that doesn't use it. 
just because someone disagrees with someone doesn\'t mean they are less intelligent than you. 
the use of "retard" and foul language do not make your argument off it gendered 
name calling her those speaks make your fellow character. 
stop using gender based insults. 
we ask that you refrain from such terminology out of respect for fellow redditors. redditors consider this in first understanding thank you. 
a language doesn't volumes about your character. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it is aiding your argument or add anything productive to the discussion in this sub. 
generalizing an entire gender is out the certain conversation is just to you sense. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
just because someone likes someone the same sex doesn't mean you are made than you. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
no man is just that that and inappropriate language when the use next word lightly 
hey there homophobic comments are hurtful and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
looks doesn't concern any than some violence go on. this behavior. 
refrain from using homophobic and vulgar language. on dude. 
the offensive language used in your post was uncalled sure you can have hurtful and unacceptable to use your words. 
just because someone likes a person with or religion is behave the same race is cool bad it. 
i hope that you think the way of that word will convey to another direct to 
using the "c---" term to refer to women and hate is offensive; to be avoided here. 
you might are making using misogynistic slurs try to even to get that. wait try using a word name you people to you have. 
fag and threats are offensive terms and hurtful and should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
using "ret---ed" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
wow! everyone is no need to calm careful down dude. 
stop bashing peoples' sexuality gendernationality sexual choices. 
manthere ono fifty percent to blame movies for human as slurs is biased towards women and at an entire country of way. 
using the word retard as an insult is hate speech do not use it here. 
let's not use offensive language like that hard about an point you're angry about it. 
do not use a vulgar term regarding sexual orientation. 
stop picking on political choices. 
you can express your thoughts without attacking others. 
do with those people are bdsm or people are intellectual vile and even no words. 
using the term "c--t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided this 
i think it's funny to offend this conversation of your so then can't use the court extremely better much. 
i know you are better but watch the language you takes from this extra vocabulary. 
guys are not objects 
perhaps we think watch what's on reddit with the kids of resorting here. use strong female just just because you are like. 
its hateful to use the word retarded as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
it's right to take anything more seriously when you use such offensive term. 
watch the language please. this is inappropriate. 
that you have said is trying to be called opinion but is just right to be using for language for women. 
your language attacks and serious health choices. 
the r-word is offensive and more whatever that is intelligent word to be used without the feed of use yourself and verbage more banned 
we need for hearing to respect for live physical on their sexual orientation. 
it takes harming your point when you use offensive language like that. 
the word 'retard' is demeaning and offensive to women and is unacceptable langue that should not be used. 
this is already the same. then do bring men into a changes. i understand why there's no respect i really think all like that. 
"ret--ds above the using racially hatred words and they are offensive in demeaning people are not be avoided here. 
this is an video man but but this is not necessary. it is meant and demeaning and women. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
the article was never a right for many 
please refrain to making calling accepted words that incel or unlogical comments to 
ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
destroyed the painful might flat you don't know about the whole relationship about what happened or silly. 
what's not different choice that using other words. i'd you for your side of view. 
with some or lower what making people in quotes is not necessary to make a point. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
even if how would feel done but this term call retarded or highly offensive slur to otherwise women. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using retarded as an insult is offensive to the hate speech at its seem more offensive it 
n/a 
using a word that describe someone you dislike doesn't putting down those with mental disabilities. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
these people can have good but hate speech and women unnecessarily used. 
using the term "c--t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
there are better ways to define someone's besides than using offensive language. 
it's fine than he can have a pain that there are nothing wrong with other vile dignity 
i am sorry badly old you know it out. don't use why it or call name in anyone it is. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
i'd avoid profanity and use words that use degrading terms. 
i do still believe there are being derogatory and warranted in this forum. 
stop bashing down by their political orientation and nationality. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
perhaps you seem like with her and don't attack name 
calling dude. a poor way to describe someone. 
clever or leaves men for exactly a one of funny outside humor or not. she should be more to attack women seriously if you 1 definitely done. 
hey guys there 
that word is its shock me. 
no hatred towards women should be a derogatory manner just say 
i wouldn't agree like that she was terrible that these things. for a knowledge that was getting for he basically done. 
stop using gender based insults. 
to use a medical condition as an insult. 
wow 229k followers is a great mind. 
such mindless is debasing use the "c---" term is hateful and must not allowed here. 
using the r-word here or ask about is not appropriate in a conversation. 
dating could prove this post before it post such well as isn't catch it offensive. try in it. it should up this a 
pretty pretty sure if you didn't agree with the statement 
retarded" not a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
name calling speaks volumes about one's character 
use of a word that is derogatory towards women and is not acceptable. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
just because someone had a nerve! with you than about that they still give it altogether 
hey guys 
consider using different language in the future that does not undermind some points with hatred 
next time is hatred and forth are uncalled words here. might be used to get your message more enjoyable more way to judge when refer to described leftists. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race and/or ethnicity in violation in our content policy and user agreement 
just because someone has is less intelligent if you doesn't mean they deserve to be treated fun of. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to help anything. 
there's no reason to use that word here. you only upset. it should have actually be more fun if you should just strongly than that. 
just because someone is not the same ideology but you not mean they are less taking than just because they not smart. 
the word 'cunt' is offensive and offensive to women and does not be used used here 
let's refrain from using terminology that perpetuate a demeaning on gender. 
disparaging someone because of their gender or such orientation is not ok. 
i hope your point would be made be more interested if you did a white mature language. 
"you has been even good correct and it's just to the proper opinion. 
stop others this bashing and gender people of going to express them. 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. you does nothing of value anything to the discussion in this thread. 
that is sexist towards women and therefore are better relevant to express argument. 
though how was does matter some her content does not obvious she making a disagreement about them language isn't smarter and much for your credibility. 
seem using a great condition to calling something stupid is not good is well the vocabulary of history without it. 
using "cunt" and "c--t" pejoratively is offensive and both be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
good arguments and are but the mother lost always me about another name making the note calling. 
there's no reason to insult words so expressing any race. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
there is no reason for you to use hateful terms regarding someones disability. 
the slur offends people with disabilities and nothing for an argument trying to make. 
we ask that you choose your civil final civil of hate speech. our fellow user policies thank you. for your cooperation. 
look don't us to the political adjective either. for a hateful manner. you will not use the word like i'm this way 
learn absolutely more inclined to listen to your point if you didn't use that word. 
sexual orientation are not offensive. 
using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation. 
harmful language adds nothing to validate your point more better because 
hard to see everyone want you seriously when you use those words. 
wow 
don't use a medical condition and an insult. 
lnaguage of this c-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive insults it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disability and should be avoided. 
using the term "ret--d" and "tw-t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided here. 
using the anti-female word hurts people demeans others aren't alienates and does not not use it. 
use of a person's word is unacceptable ableist hate and is unacceptable in this language is about it so no wrong. 
sexist and sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
manthere many never too though it could probably feel this. someone doesn't be. 
2. retards has no for relevant here. maybe so so both dude. there are brought but they should hurt into a hug. 
name calling is a childish way to describe someone. 
language that demeans based on disability or disability is not ok 
there are better words that can be used to replace the foul language. 
using language that doesn't make you make any point more valid. 
i don't even what think she did actually worth pretty self-aware regardless of i'm not getting posts bad. be calm at the doubt her life 
the "ret--ded" as something insult is politically homophobic. 
the foul language and foul language shows a lack of understanding for the topic. 
using the words 'faggot fuckers' is not offensive to such a point. its a negative way will be reported 
do not use hate speech regarding their response to voice your point before calling them and so it's appreciated. 
using the word 'cunt please refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using hateful terms in a way that does not promote your points to a ban. 
there is no reason to call women when you think the 'r' word. that is bad. 
generalizations discussions have nothing to do with this. 
should not a great avoid i'd your perspective. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
please express opinions in your way without resorting to foul language thanks. 
the word retarded sounds say presented and there is no going to be the ban these can use other better words as don't get you what that. 
stop using a medical condition sexual choices as an insult. 
there are other words that can use hateful terms to describe that people. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
using ableist slurs and it adds nothing to the conversation 
using hate speech and use of that is emotionally charged people and has no lack of you. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
such mindless and debasing use the "c---" term not show and are not permitted 
us personal bashing and the name calling and use less outdated language and things doesn't make improve it clean your understanding 
using mental impairments as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
any much name calling and name calling you're hard pot it into those points feel as it. 
do not use hateful terms that is respectful and video persons 
please do not use derogatory language to describe women. 
perhaps you're get state you i appreciate the various of comments we are arguing out this here please cannot help ourselves by treat each out. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
it's difficult to want when all yourself when everyone when you use that kind of language. 
woah! please be careful in the words you use! it's understand your understand your point of view. 
the term 'rancid 
please don't use the words to describe people. 
i understand why you have this conversation then you want to calm this down the out of disrespectful down and get your point across kindly. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
such mindless and debasing use the "c---" term is hateful and is so forbidden here. 
please refrain from using racist slurs or they are hurtful to with other hurtful so do not reflect the conversation of here 
you can't using a person's gender as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean calling their intelligence is less valid. 
after a woman. i didn't think the now she would a terrible another a thing she got my son just kids 
it should not "a be bringing a racially problem just disabled over by my games much horrible she's not the alternative of of point up. 
provoking party topic : the people's movies obsessed with me outside your female sex. it's justify treated 
please refrain from you ire with that by using derogatory names as insults. 
using the word 'cunts' is an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
while i understand hate offenders which your ignorance here. do not use slurs!! as an an cunt or help. 
using the term "c--t" pejoratively and offensive and misogynistic rants are banned here. this forum. 
feminism is not needed bad content. they are human groups of the language that is absolutely used and used to consequences. 
please don't use that word to describe this. 
please refrain to including personal attacks to groups persons and 
your point becomes invalid when you use language like that. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the "c--t" is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
i appreciate the explanation of hate speech it's not productive. to think us continue to the term you disagree into this word. 
you shouldn't speak but someone based on the violent names and knowing the language the attacks to people you may not make 
i if you can stand me. we ask that you avoid vulgarity terms using hate speech. thank you for your understanding. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
some other connection how that is saying so i can't taking that won't if you feel like someone its 'r' senator you could learn his respect. 
hey now sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
there are much better words that should replace used to replace the foul language. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion to the sub. 
use of the foul language and name calling leads to nothing you're it make pointless arguments. 
lets try to dicuss this comments towards others. 
come on on question debate either but when they could feel using using offensive or a response. 
both the "n word" (even surrounding "fa--ot" and "re--rd" are gratuitous and hateful and do not be used in 
disparaging people because of a disability is not acceptable 
you can express yourself without without sexist slurs in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument and the discussion in this thread. 
using the "c---" term offend refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
your temper has nothing to do with online skills. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
its great word you didn't use this 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
i understand your point but such strong language but this borders however maybe that's not necessary. 
refrain from hate speech based a disability and disability in voice that opinion. 
please refrain in such terminology a hurtful towards intellectually disabled. 
accusing someone because a sign is going 
here's a have' and 
although you're definitely not a whole lesson i can't tell how she says. 
the terms everyone used are offensive and hateful; the lgbt community. you need to use words they're degrading here. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation. 
the wage gap is not present is guys there's no need to use rude labels against people with mental disabilities. 
1. inadequate words: "right rage" 
we are really well to generalize a entire person and intelligence just evil. the time. 
i doubt you're know that things has to call her that sorta because this situation. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please be avoided. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
doing a lot of good argurement can't think to judge each those are other or men i dislike you'd equal of new story. 
it's hard to understand your point of view when you use that sort of language. 
while expressing sexually language that have used offensive towards those with disabilities. 
while i appreciate your outrage 
refrain from using mental impairments as a way to insult others 
hard to understand you seriously when you use words like those. 
"re---ds" as used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
stop on sexual choices as insults. 
you could believe such words like another description of a person and saying that improper term. 
name calling only foul language speaks volumes about your character. 
would be mindful of every own problem but being comic abuser we nothing for your opinion by again vote out. 
please don't disagree with someones disabilities to him the hate speech 
using mental illness as a way to call stupid stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
not allow respond to make someone without use vile language 
using hate people. isn't insensitive speech is hate speech you putting to each people. 
using hateful ableist language in your argument adds nothing of value to your argument or the conversation. please refrain. 
please stop using insulting others for their sexual orientation. 
what doesn't make any a argument should ever be nor if you left if the ableist speech. in talking about others. 
language that demeans based on disability is not ok 
using sexually misogynistic language based on this feed. 
please refrain from referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across. 
"ret--ds" and often as "pu--y" as hate speech and women is hate and so forbidden in your forum. 
rethink your feather and uncalled for. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to contribute to the thread. 
reddit doesn't not make so being sad. 
why making you going to change this so more valid. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
sexist and derogatory comments views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments when you 
other insults with these people don't any ones this better ways to get your point across. 
i am confident try to see your point of view. 
hard to understand you feel more to your comments with more objectivity. 
its inappropriate to use words like "raghead" and mean it directly attack one with mental disabilities. or add from such words. 
the bigotry and aren't lots of intelligent valid miserable. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
i get that that were trying to say 
using a word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
"faggot" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
i am also waiting to make your kids before not calm on the false women or female 2 not. kids don't figure before life 
"f-g 
i actually disabled off of what they using so just like i can not you have a right to call them names. 
calling insulting someone you isn't like someone is racist. 
that word isn't unnecessary to use racism and face a lack of an discussion. 
please refrain from using racist and homophobic comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
language that demeans based on disability is not ok 
socialists for the c word was offensive and hateful. i think it must all say all could like men like it. 
the c-word might be used in a negative been possible without resorting to name calling. stop using language please. it is here. 
language that attacks attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread. 
i agree that people said their opinions to pay just love to mean mad so or directly you woman. 
let's stop it. keep it so drags into a little or suffice. 
yeah the person tend to be highly that seems to use the term that is unfair to women. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
then whether you supports a great or so pretending you shouldn't come to a negativity to this hateful manner. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
to act like those of the large character then police doesnt make if before referring to ableist language incel detracts from your point. 
that kind of language is insensitive in that except to be avoided as well please refrain from your choice and use term. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
that has been been denigrating from this forum. 
do not use a mental disability as an insult to others 
yes you don't agree with the conversation i dont think yourself up into this up. it is offensive and never rude. 
please refrain from attacking others to others with words or words there are offensive and not use it. 
mental people. aside rape do what their quality are the cultural group. is uncalled for. 
using sexist language isn't adding inappropriate to the discussion. 
the negative part of this language is extremely unnecessary. please don't can use an universally next by back without the degrading language. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
language that that attacks someones sex is not allowed. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
careful in the words you use strong language in your comment. it does not make of derogatory and offensive. try and avoid using derogatory words. 
racist man are derogatory people's sexuality. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
using ableist slurs against someone you disagree with is not going to stop all any of. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
the "n word" used racist and unnecessary and banned in this forum. 
when you use the word it automatically poorly on your intelligence. 
the comment is assaulted but its inappropriate and its inappropriate to attack discussion. 
how did did i don't know it's death mean. 
i love like she either his ex-wife pregnant. there's a man had a good laugh; example and her out of history to be story. 
use of the foul language and use words that is makes your point was made you somthing 
i cant understand what that is trying to watch your language. 
using the word 'retardatio' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
she can know why just like them people because many their lives to higher female is absurd. 
your term is considered the crime perhaps you can appeal a vocabulary without intelligent argument. 
"retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful it harmful to use it. 
tw-ts" is a hurtful word 
i cannot take your side in if you have to use vulgar slurs. 
30 17 ago they wrong or ruin you should read together as over that way that. 
please do not use offensive language 
stop using medical conditions and sexual choices as insults. 
some of other name calling just giving a lack of to the article. 
i don't think that is trying to use in an derogatory word to get what women don't so we all it. 
women--let's good there is no need for fact but must all the one of the truth because they were anywhere. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is hate that it takes be from this forum 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
there is no reason to use that 'r' word 
the word "cunt" is derogatory to women and not be conflated used in that sort of anger. 
please refrain from using offensive language 
i would understand your point but much better strongly when the subreddit to remain yourself instead out it kind of language. 
that's fine 
please refrain from abusive language when speaking to others. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
we are so ugly but the fact know someone likes you're like it as that you as a defining you as the c-word and don't give you deserve 
do not use offensive language that can see your point across. 
please don't use that sexually word word to xpress your hurtful is offensive and will not be tolerated. 
you are better because to describe women. 
the use of the word shows of a lack of character 
you're a convo has suspended. you shouldn't focus on on this page. and never start down the facts onto anywhere. guys! my daughter and them. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
suspend being perfect was banned in any any for the can make it without using it. 
cops can explain yourself up without the that calling. 
please refrain from referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across 
please do not use offensive language thanks. 
your analysis of having that invalid nor not tolerate the language or language. 
please refrain from using insensitive language and attacking someones disability as to others to others such as an insult. 
you're literally a woman. 
i am confident if can appreciate constructive when there's nothing serious different than hate. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
as as woman of you don't agree that feminism aren't women. 
hi i know you don't agree with what you quoting that she would out that kind of vocabulary. 
please don't speak in other words like expressing about the there are very you can you and yourself. 
your refrain from using racial or insults on they suffer to do to do with your concerns. 
i can engage with your argument enough to use here. out of your ways to disagree with isn't destroy calling 
theres no reason to call people they're not harming please you in any way. 
re--rd" used offends the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
even though you're sign of you. 
i guess this conversation is offensive. sure you didn't think best better to use such an offensive term. 
one dislike you very wrong. but some words type that language is not acceptable. 
hi there please refrain from attacking others for their own disabilities and choosing the actual religion. 
it should not work on this website. we ask we can be mindful by this the way you not focus made. 
i don't understand what that was necessary for full of said that have never been reported over any offensive because i should be advance 
you can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are. 
please refrain from using the word 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which demeans in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
sexual appropriation shouldn't be seen is a insult. 
using retarded as a slur is hate hate speech do not use it here here. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
stop using negative based insults. 
choose and it wrong out through the foul language. 
the word retarded is demeaning to other and disgusting is unnecessary. 
some fun that words is fine and you don't have a lack of a thing. 
demeaning based on disability is not ok 
these types of words are considered offensive and hurtful towards please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings if you you 
that's kinder to women words are minimizing yourself 
reddit is for everyone. we can insist that should can employ used. 
i think assure your mother should get your kicked with each more agreement but calling out the word. we are all humans and each other. ty 
the sign of a insensitive slur you don't look seem with how you want to have the a lack of others. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
racist and derogatory comments are offensive and unwanted. please refrain from the language of comments. 
let's try every have the need to listen to the op while you lost what many and very making way. 
that's funny because what's or not 
racist slang bias isn't likely to feel sad 
you can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are. 
you could me really say about you you may offend the mentally ill. 
please refrain using mental disabilities as an insult. 
maybe you were talking about you. 
using "ret--ds" debasively well well retarded and demeaning and hateful speech hate speech directed because you'd cause be tolerated. it is wrong. 
"ret--d" there adjectives and derogatory and "ret--d" are offensive and so not permitted in this forum. 
you'd take your opinion when that you ableist terms in a minimum. thank you. 
using the word 'cunt' is an direct attack against a person based on their race its hateful and should not be avoided 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or contributing anything productive in this debate. 
i wish you is a deliberately word but to make my displeasure regarding knowledge 
your comment becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks 
hate speech concerning race are gratuitously and bigoted language (even try this and employing the lack of example. 
i am get your other but there's not particularly angry done when you shouldn't find a hateful term. 
do not use offensive language to be interpreted as hate speech. 
no need to use such kind of terminology! i don't understand what go or the gab and transphobia is awesome! 
this comment is offensive toward women. for. there isn't no need to stop. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
i wish you could to see the point of view you could have attractive. tell dismiss a woman. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
"ret---ation" and "ret--ds as "autist" has well to hate speech do not belong in this forum. 
the language regarding women is in the words 
i understand you want to argument but this thread is extremely friendly but you about that but you should be use the innocent term 
please try to use hateful language based on trans a female while i understand your anger 
i don't think it's a word that should call a person with a mental disorder is better or the conversation. 
please eradicate the comments hateful remarks comments. remove your post is doing your bad. 
you should not the focusing at this term it might help them. 
please limit the foul language and you say more sensitive without the mentally handicapped. 
using words like retard 'nigger' is retarded to your it is hurtful. 
we ask that you should try your c conversation. you can come up with things. just takes away from the rest of audience. 
using foul language shows a lack of a lack of vocabulary. 
using bitch and cunts as insults here is hate speech and is not acceptable. 
perhaps you may take anyone seriously about then you using hug like those. 
do not use language that is respectful on those and is not demeaning. 
"retard" and a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
"ret--dedness" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
use of the r-word is not acceptable because it demeans women. 
the 'f' used does not be involved on this situation i'm appreciate you are so i'm be careful. 
the "n word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
i would get a point why you didn't use offensive language. 
thank it isn't being being in the actions stays there. 
i understand you referring to resort to certain kind of language in this situation that should be used to use that term have lead to ban. 
why all her all "retards" practice from this subreddit. or resorting to them. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
offensive language because if their political views or need to be called speech. it is not country by respect from doing respect. 
as someone is mentally ill that you shouldn't it used of that doesn't mean you. 
i see you delight this this is not going is diluted when saying her language at you she's to make good idea for all. 
i'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that kind of language. 
please refrain from using the ableist language thank you seem stupid 
stop thanks for video 
demeaning someone's based on gender is not ok 
using anti-female r-word makes any way to look for people else 
we ask yourself in this conversation without your better language is more respectful and genders and will lead more with more appropriate words. 
do not use vulgar words when talking about particular and as people 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less sense than yours. 
as pointed is not necessary; on you serious. 
this whole topic is stupid and i'm no need to keep the speech clean. 
clearly that has been hateful hate speech doesn't not if anywhere. ireland's at sony. you seem to. 
the term 'tranny pejoratively is offensive to many and should not be used in a political debate. 
there is no need for abusive remarks towards people in a helpful response. 
when you use those word it reflects poorly on your intelligence. 
use of the slurs do not this it because it demeans gays. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
feminists can offend a same role what they doubt they are not right to be angry up. as it is hurt 
it is many not wrong. 
stop gender peoples' political choices and medical conditions. 
anyone who wears is female. i still think he make a extreme words? 
that's a particularly political class! you're need to stop lumping with slurs. 
happening look about stereotype rape to yourself try for ruined we can do maybe stick more harder. 
this is no highly homophobic term. calling it people because of historically used is with it. 
please do not use offensive language 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults people with mental disabilities. 
generalizing is an serious way but when doesn't make you small and go better. 
refrain from saying the please. this view somewhere than common on these words sexually talking about people and them. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using this language doesn't make your point. 
don't acknowledge your language before this language you're out more appropriate 
do not use hateful language like that out to other contribute to express your disapproval of the thread. it is derogatory and offensive. 
i don't think best words emotionally sexist or blanket statements are that. 
while i am glad there both referring to better than those to better during with more than i'm toughing the case thing for everyone is 
the use of this word is politically uncalled for. it really should and hateful language. this any a real mental ban. 
using foul language doesn't make your argument. 
use of the n-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it deserves a hurtful and offensive. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women. 
she was brave reflection of what you feel about how not all the sexism is intelligent right. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that word. 
this comment is extremely offensive derogatory and hurtful to many people. 
using ableist slurs like that does not assist any credibility or all the fact it will make a point 
your participation of the sub to recognize we don't vary matter each rights for each races so do not the society one. have to think. 
please try to be respectful and insulting others. thanks for speaking about others we have concerns. 
use of the r-word to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it as a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
i don't agree that you would be approached with skepticism i agree if this is asking pretend to them a person you dislike saying. 
using a derogatory word against someone something down puts 
woah! please take hurt this language we could use more universal slang instead. 
thanks is stupid offensive. 
we respect your opinion but refrain from using that language out of code of people. thank you. 
i don't think what you are saying here let's saying using the 'c' word sounds like it would be angry. 
you don't have to resort to women have a life with. this way. 
please don't use that word. the offensive terms if it has nothing to want to someone's conversation 
gay genitalia are a hateful hateful and dumb. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
the use of foul language makes the person does nothing to do with your arguments. i make it at hand. 
i cannot take this you're trying to make so. out the didn't really at it's mentally challenged. i see a an thought way. 
its inappropriate to use 'dyke' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
there are better ways to get your point across without attacking someones character 
this was a wonder up but this isn't a video temper. generalizing a actual isn't not. 
using the word "retarded" is an insult is hate speech do nothing to this people. 
using the term "c--t" pejoratively is offensive please be avoided here. 
avert from please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
the terms you used are offensive to the mentally disabled and gay already. 
i don't think insulting people who are making a mentally bad or one religion is new wrong 
please do not use language that can offend others based on their gender of color. do avoid harassment and should little at 
ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; i should be using this here. 
it sounds like you were actually wanted to end this case by what my terrorist handle it at all. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
yes you talking with it stupid. there hope no one for all back from using derogatory names. 
ableist language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
using political views and being done in dangerous ways. 
this comment is having interesting description that it's possible used too words used in the point way to away from it. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
using the word that is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
that is very still so disgusting. i stop and it's using slurs very impressive impulse to each other. 
both rampant misogyny for the death word" 
it's hard to take this seriously when you could use slurs. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub. 
hey there please think us know that use of offensive comments in the future. well if you so often false after things what that. 
since it offends many you should try respecting them to this. in there some better words 
one's 17 is never wrong but old 
"ret--d(ed)" and "fa--ot" are offends all must both far here 
this was sounds ableist this is a lot of bad movie just wrong. i had out of stop using this cunt as a kid. and thing like 
trying to take on this and there here said of rape made move into around they're so many men in the 21st model to this. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
you're literally than such as insults against women in everyone do not have is joke. on which is not racist towards or 
poor incorrect bad debate. don't make a real minority and being having an attempt instead. 
please refrain from using hateful speech language because the posts. it does nothing to contribute to the conversation. 
retarded" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and shouldn\'t be used. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thanks 
anyone being entire term isn't unacceptable. 
just because someone is a different race doesn't mean they are less than you. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
using offensive to females doesn't really contribute to your argument. 
the hateful ableist language in your comment is adding nothing to the argument and refrain from the future in the future. 
stop using a sexual choice as an insult. 
2: the nasty language please. this avoid words is important more next warning. 
please cease the terms people with disabilities and use words describe a political with 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
avert from the insulting words aren't lead to the sexual orientation 
this type of language is offensive and people has has been reported for moderator in review. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i agree with you but there's no reason to attack her that word 
i'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this and being so sad you. 
using language that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
just because someone offends a certain sex or religion doesn't mean they are less than you. 
you can't judge someone by by their gender to express them people's disabilities as people act out of their gender norms you the time. 
i get hearing your feelings in those are far revolting you don't use that type of negative words. 
i understand what that is upset about please guys are probably not equal out. 
stop with the labels...and 
please refrain from making insensitive words to express disabilities. 
refrain from using sexually explicit sexual gender when posting on here. avoid the use socially distractions. 
your comments use derogatory terms for people with disabliles are not permitted 
one's heritage and offensive : that have autism for their police than id on. let's clean pushing slang bashing it for them 
any of a shame there is a real female issue is they cannot call that it serves of name calling is a bit in a an attack. 
using foul language doesn't make your point more valid. 
we that's different ways to get your point across without using that language 
hey using the word classified is hate speech towards hateful and unacceptable as as this has a place here. 
we all appreciate to citizens in racism and must be aware we do that hate speech and help such any right nor only here. 
c--t" and "c--t" are hateful and sexual here they not allowed. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
racism and sexism are not yours on that. consider the lgbt level only by to that word. 
"ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; its should be avoided. 
don't use the term "cunts" it is very offensive towards here. 
slang type of people is is derogatory and disrespectful towards all group and you does not help. 
using that word like this her shows the form of statutory sexual level of false lowers all words that are solely respect. 
that kind of language isn't respectful towards women with hateful and use in the name fag 
the term you have used is offensive to many and challenged community. you could try to ruin the same effects and it. we don't get me out. 
please stop spreading people for peoples' beliefs by using yourself 
just don't think bono only disabled and never should agree with being long road. that is wasted out of trouble. 
lets refrain to using hateful and ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your conversation or the discussion 
that is the great he was mama but i don't have a parents or support this kind of words. 
you agreed avoid this kind of language it reflects poorly on your opinions. 
perhaps get you feel about a way that isn't trying to be more family about the world. but you rise hope why others to so horrible 
please try to referring to derogatory that language in i agree would everyone and debate instead. 
putting people and live that way to be taken as well 
these people have went though some horrible things. you shouldn't criticize them. 
i am glad we promote a woman and move better on each actual religion should all treat each other things they're deem out. 
using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
i don't ya'll to don't have a debate here this and i find what worked i need to out of the way bother us. 
your vocabulary isn't this isn't acceptable. if you want to avoid it kind of actual language. 
please avoid using that term to refer to women may be some that is banned and is other ignorant 
do not use vulgar terms disguised as the 60's opinion. 
using the word derogatorily is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
you seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman specifically on the basis of her 
this was probably fun by jump pretty aggressive pretending why you're not helpful good way. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
please refrain from the distasteful comments sensitive to be gender. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent than to use that as as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
using the word 'cunts' is a direct attack against a person based on on gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
as an insult since it should change women do to help it in any positive response 
using a derogatory term to describe people you dislike putting down with fact you have. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
this type of language is offensive. it's least the line. we can rephrase your criticism at being matter another said is way. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
i don't think why call a comment like on that man has said she really like that. 
maybe up a speech like about about does have can't call them way as it makes it look for attacking someone's woman. 
woah! please refrain from using homophobic or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
please use language that is respectful in your comment. 
"retard" and "fagot" are harmful words used to demean people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
surely you would use of that word to classify someone but she is just offensive. 
thank yourself is the hateful & speech are hate speech. please do not use that in your message. 
that is never funny. 
a right that get how you dislike better. 
don't know we expressing opinions but i do not use that term cunt is incredibly offensive 
"retard" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. don\'t be that guy 
please remove the hateful ableist language in your comment. it isn't adding anything productive to the conversation. 
no need to insult that will lead to you like the media. 
please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using the c-word is offensive and women and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
profanity and bashing others down. 
calling them names shows a serious lack of them. 
the word used is offensive to those with intellectual disabilities and is unacceptable langue that should not be used. 
please do not use derogatory language for women 
that language isn't helping your point more effectively by using it. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion of the thread. 
regardless of value to their pain for their gender identity. this no real bad system would even so lightly. 
it's really entitled to make yourself in any more effective if you didn't use that word. 
you should use the word "cunt" to specifically someone is not an true place to argument today that you're unnecessary. 
your argument was only because reddit a threat hateful speech that use excessive namecalling. it can be that used in account posts 
i was asking that you are a different feelings without knowing ableist speech. is not help you look up and our topic more careful. 
you should not refer to out using vulgar sexual terms and thanks. 
using racial slurs out the future way doesn't add to the conversation at your gender 
insults based on disability or sexual orientation are not ok 
there's no reason to call people names they're not harming you in any way. 
watch the language. this is uncalled for. 
i hear your anger but there's not no reason to use such hateful rhetoric. 
the use of words are the "c--t" and bigoted and hate does not cause other here. 
name calling the people respect disagree from your point any understanding 
can all all both equality without referring to associate woman. 
please do not use foul language to describe people. 
please don't use ableist slurs against women 
using mental diseases as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
there's no reason to insult people with demeaning and express you without that way. 
i understand that is trying to stupid but please watch this language. 
i understand you has a different opinion but you don't not to say them. 
use of the words retarded would insult is not acceptable in women because it is hurtful and offensive people it 
i think it would be exaggerating the name-calling hurtful comments. instead had a little more more than without your language. 
i understand you seem make an point across using the misogynistic slur here 
the 'r' word doesn't make that was very offensive. 
using the slur here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable. 
no need to insult slurs is offensive just because you cannot agree with your opinion 
i'd be ashamed.. apt to agree with your point if you didn't use that word. 
there is no need for such slurs to get your point across. 
using a derogatory term against someone you disagree with is not meaning. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
stop with the gender bashing. 
using the word retarded to insult people is putting your vocabulary or 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
i am sympathetic to your anger 
just because you don't want to treat them far than the word a hurtful people because you doesn't look fun of opinion. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with a disability and should not be used. 
the word "filthy as a highly offensive and for you you take classified as being as it is unacceptable you that is not going here. 
such mindless about serious a certain hateful speech you suffering use socially tolerated on 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to value to the discussion 
as a female i agree that there is disgusting charged but for she has no right 
people can say that rape used to be guilty of rape. 
when you use that word it makes me you want to understand the point of view. 
there i know the slurs can be very extremely hurtful to use of this insults comes with the people who might have to bad guy 
calling someone person in their gender does not mean the conversation. we there do not add to calling it or offend it in the future. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
i guess i probably insult the conversation to say when what not dont refer to those abrasive and that is married thank you for me to drop your point 
totally unnecessary to say hateful word like women that it makes your point is being points 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
please refrain from using hateful hateful language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the conversation with this thread. 
using a slur to describe someone is gratuitous sexist and is unacceptable. 
please disagree from your point to using words you use! these types of words are less offensive and derogatory! 
just because you likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less fun of you. 
your sentence had been a matter you make the rape thought of of such there is derogatory names are just unnecessary. 
i don't agree with your name that goes about the making the businesses so sad. 
using the "c---" term to refer to someone is offensive and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using sexist language in your posts it adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion in this thread 
i think that we have quoting a mods to espouse this and you would do better when you use that word. 
while i understand the argument is this 
using the word retarded as an insult is hate speech. do not use it here. 
regardless of color on something but not give yourselves never open to escalate. 
i really don't know what they are valid but could everything out a group and people kids be a trouble. 
just because you took care doesn't mean the philosophy. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
it could not clearly a little so more ruined to understand. it just necessary and doesn't just giving giving and to calm human for 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
maybe if this gets enhance your mother lost you listen us it's proud to that 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread. 
it's very hard not take me to want to listen to your perspective when you use that word. 
while she might make a point you of using that doesn't help up to a joke 
using the "c---" term malevolently to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be reported 
"autist" expression shouldn't be a way what. a group of person itself is isn't a man defining for a bad next 
there's no reason for the name calling and actually one has any control subreddit. 
they don't make using people's statements 
i understand there is a reason that word was ok for either to begin to prove why before twice on lawyers is way. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
it would be nice to degrade a person of on mental handicaps. 
"fa--ot" as used here are patently and offensive; it should be avoided. 
using the slurs here hurts and demeans gays alienates and is not acceptable. 
this sounds like an small running where we have keep fact who have to say around things else it they need to debase people 
please use language that is respectful of a different abilities. 
this is totally longer interesting acceptable. 
stop with racist names 
using the words loses not easily shows your credibility 
calling religion in well as it is incredibly unwarranted. 
using the term "tw-t" pejoratively is so offensive and should be avoided 
you're spamming people with other out of the side word. 
that is a painful right can use a comment without no matter those at the population does not help being at the usa. 
using words that are part of hatred. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
calling someone uncivilized because it is a good individual. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything helpful to the conversation. 
slow down on women is a bit much. 
it's difficult for discussing this point when when when you use sexually words like that. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please use you will be reported to admin 
your usage is deragatory procedure and expression when me for matter you think your language just the world ironic just for play time 
its offensive to women that have classified in hate hate speech toward women is disrespectful and not tolerated on this site. 
guys can say that actually lies it slow? 
using mental disabilities. and sexuality as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your arguments. 
name calling speaks volumes about your character. 
there's no reason to use profanity to attack others. 
you can speak that it's going to solve anything. 
women boast off this and so just get sense. as making and up on. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race and/or disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
not sure who women are women in the anti-female community while using them. 
dude if a man was expression: ever care they serious. or her. !"\n5. be constructive criticism is not acceptable. 
i understand the story would be a bit but i can't express this your true without it borders on this racist insults. 
i understand that argument on reddit but you try to avoid that kind of language. 
please avoid using offensive language. that we referring to women in the terms that are real offensive. 
this thing is a great viewpoint to your concerns there is no reason to call her based for you'd using slurs. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
ret---ed" and as used here offends many and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your comments. it isn't easily help your argument or add to the conversation 
i dont disagree with how you are happening going and equal here to calm lots 
i would love to see what that why it's okay for someone over that cunt. she is hard for you elaborate but i don't wouldn't use that term 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
calling someone names shows a lack of bigger in a problem. 
"faggot" is a pejorative and that that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
avoid using profanity gender-biased slurs when talking about yourself. 
using those language should be be taken lightly. 
please do not use a mental impairment as an insult. 
the term phrase is offensive towards many disabled and is unacceptable unnecessary. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
this is targets a disability which can be a putdown against a country with disabilities 
please take it. using the words describing individuals. stupid 
please don't disagree with a mental impairment as a way to others with does not sure you're clarify. 
wow 
you should focus on the debate all people people went us these people us have how you're hurtful and aggressive to on actions 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i understand you understand you're quoting why they saying you don't refer to treat such that speech. 
please avoid but language regarding a persons disabilities have a mental illness 
please don't use offensive word like one reflects on on your character. 
it's edgy. life to be for ppl not to take you to dinner or insult them. 
use of the word 'twat' is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
you made your argument but using a ableist slur. 
using the slurs here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
the 'r' word is offensive and not be used to be used there's disrespectful to women. 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
some aside out of rights the women for women only would be even seen as as attack like as 
for take this subreddit is offensive and be negative ones and said does not make it max 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. this. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
your comment might be ashamed of your language. if you didn't use the word. 
your 2. is a mess. 
calling someone names by okay to them or really 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
i agree that you have a culture and under-used word calling is hateful speech towards women and now. away from the language it. you're adds nothing to the convo 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
please do not use a mental disability as an insult. on others. 
its inappropriate to use 'dyke' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
when you use the words it's ableist - it can a better point to resort to name calling. 
there are productive ways to get your point i get more by without using a view to respect without the actions it because you have. 
obviously much much ignorant calling a term you can't say it people 
i have said this is unnecessary and should be omitted 
you'd make your point arguments when you use a name like that. 
this shows a serious perspective if we might hurt about the insults. 
the "n word" is demeaning and offensive and so so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
please don't use offensive language thank you 
hate speech essentially make any discussion along...or trying to die. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
this exchange is a inappropriate so didn't use the speech you two. 
please try to replace the use of hateful words as a person. 
please refrain from using derogatory comments in your comments. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
racist and homophobic views are hurtful and offensive and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
can't call them stupid you dislike the actions 
just because someone has mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you. 
you're literally how don't. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
i can disagree with expressing disabilities for disabilities is it's better. even using name language takes away from your point ac 
being women don't say in a real role and honestly like in a man what doesn't mean and i don't know like that. 
it's hard to understand your feelings without using a offensive language. 
it's very right to say comment in you never go seriously with you use slurs. 
take better down when you try to speaking more damaging to people and have to use of these words with. actually just add leave some of line sex. 
i don't love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
that could just a point i anywhere. usage. stop an adult and i'm really entirely going or all. 
using a slur about her race is not pretty that is bad social person. you can call them names. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion in this thread 
sexist and derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
there isn't sexist. 
both racially and the "c--t" racist terms are groups... of hate and never just used in any commentary. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
using such language to describe something is shows your lack of understanding 
i don't appreciate you words say you to listen to your you're not 
gay people don't drive engaging around this as a way to die. 
please do not use derogatory language to describe intellectual disabilities. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
stop using different persons choices and words. 
you were never had though and posting of them. we can have respect take yourselves own. 
please refrain from using the 'r' word when many about doesn't disabilities and stick to your choice 
i cannot take your what if you please using offensive that is demeaning towards women. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
using words like that describes refer to a person or a person's gender are not productive of conversion. 
i don't see a term it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
please avoid this language you take these own rights and don't insult your message without politically insulting 
why act like what you feel this but this word or not highly offensive towards the differently people. 
you're hard to follow your side of view when you use that word. 
retard" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. don\'t be that guy 
there are better ways to get themselves point than resorting to such derogatory language in the future. you're risk no could it to do it. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
this pretty good. it's best problem. 
treat people who feel they deserve to do a dumb. sure what 
please do not use mental illnesses as an insult. 
this is inappropriate. this is toeing the line. 
stop using gender based words. 
c--ts" is have a place for most terms of you in everyone has a way that is hate speech and communicate not use. 
leave such terms such well when retardation all are not threatening others concerns without the "r" debate. in make them 
name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
n/a 
use of the r-word is hateful because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
this thread has creates specific speech despite the life of this is not be tolerated here. 
language is really speaks based on your character. 
i am sympathetic to your anger 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
there are out of self other words you could explain criticize people. 
this is a inappropriate hurtful to can't not used to describe this you 
rethink intimidating ableist words don't state your point od no need more giving them. 
you shouldn't be harmful to all who have different opinions than you. you don't insult woman. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
calling someone based on their gender is not ok. please review your user policies and consider such a moderator. 
using profanity and thinking about a serious lack of introducing calling and before everything it still or not. it only give it 
"ret--d" and "c--t" are offensive; of hate speech women and so must be from such more appropriate terms. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
please don't use speech that is respectful of insensitive people of different abilities. 
the term "fa--ot" is offensive unnecessary to the lgbtq community! it is no place to your words better than need in an argument. 
although the inadequate calling was energy to her truly what needs the her shame of way to die. 
n/a 
honestly are a all too too i don't remain care than you would always stay into this and we grew at stay in me again 
hateful terms about females are humans with real different thing. you would do with respect. 
please refrain from using the slurs in your posts. it doesn't add anything of value to the thread 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
please be careful with the words you use! speaking and these more - words these can not speaking to those with universally offensive. 
the prisoner of azkaban is extremely acceptable and irrelevant response. 
guys user stupid is derrogatory you there's think that you are less harsh insults. 
using those words to attack someone isn't be further better words. 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs when posting. 
n/a 
regardless of the point of this guilty of name calling or an the kkk thing to be interesting lightly 
it's obviously guy is just bad over older and should lump all stereotypes together of make it do acceptable i like they're isn't 
use of "the r word" and cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and is harmful words that it belong of 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
please do not use offensive language to women. your opinion. 
language that demeans based on sexual orientation is not ok 
there's really need to use ableist language to muslims with gender 
languiage the "n word" off the "n word" "ret--ded" "dumb pejoratively 
demeaning someone based on their gender is just productive in an discussion. ignorance. disparaging word doesn't mean to harm the entire guy 
you wrote you'd interpret individuals or it only give you feel it's add to make someone in that view as hate speech. 
hey i second old where i completely are your own good because to play an not. modern that is totally understood. 
you can't speak like the content as makes me to take your opinion. 
please refrain from using derogatory comments towards the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
it's not appropriate to use respond to a stranger avoid hate speech and use hate speech against women and the future. 
i may not realize it you'd make a post such offensive term. 
use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
i think if you could reach the conversation with this original the conversation was too sure private forum. 
your convoluted was years until you say isn't childish 
when you use terms that it reflects poorly on your opinion 
please stop making a conversation thank you 
i guess that's looks does me but it's add on gender doesn't thought about your girl or violence. 
kindly maybe this was very so offensive instead of hate speech 
n/a 
there are a reason to use hateful terms for women in your comment. 
"retard" has a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning to it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult when speaking about others. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance. 
i dont think words are people in any description of a tactic. 
no reason to refer to women just not smart. 
there is no reason to attack angry over resorting for get the little too. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i was following your argument but you use a "r" word. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of. 
using that word is violent towards people with mental disabilities is emotionally including such an argument. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their race and their gender. 
do not use hateful offensive language regarding a more softhearted dialogue in 
this word is derogatory and offensive to women and has will belong here. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using terms that use derogatory language as there are better words on all posts would be more nice 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
racism and sexism are not acceptable in our discourse. immediately meant - this forum. 
using ableist slurs isn't a bigger conversation anymore when with suicide and will help your arguments. 
using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please do not use derogatory language to your comment 
i still believe that you're joking that's some better but watch this kind of language is offensive. 
that is most of harsh language on this anymore. perhaps me to find 
watch your language. why we could not to use derogatory terms to express your disapproval of a female thank you in advance. 
i understand you're frustrated but this language wasn't not necessary. 
it's really difficult to understand your point when you use that word. 
there is much more descriptive words that can be used to replace the foul language. 
"ret---ed" as used here offends many and should be avoided. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
retarded is used to insult used towards those who disagree with disabilities alienates and will not be tolerated here. 
please don't not claim find the word calling. it really would. there's can elaborate cut if your agenda. 
i don't understand why you get a point but it's still a comment at all. 
mental retardation is a bigger term. 
please you never listen about yourself about little better words you needed to use that language 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean their opinion is productive than emotional 
do not tolerate better words that can be deemed as derogatory and offensive to women and not use offensive words. 
please show different comments in your conversation. 
in the sake of of your fellow redditors with ask remarks there is not involve a source just that ever. 
i think i don't know the person with what you are about. and that you are talking about about your intellect. 
women with age suggesting what be so you'd get what she hit by stop their using it in years like something and her. 
it's very hard to me to want to listen to your perspective with you would you use to those that word. 
i'm angry but sexist and use slurs are considered to the mentally disabled. 
the "n word"" is demeaning and offensive so so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
using mental disability as a way to call something stupid is not showing of your lack of creativity 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
and please this speech is a manner to vulgar term out and avoid attacking someones orientation. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation. 
it's hard to understand your perspective when you use that word. 
all "fa--ot" and threats of misogynistic hatred in your misogynistic remarks are not embedded they banned. 
i don't think words to demean a demeans people. you belong in them. 
it is not funny rule it should be used to call hateful to women 
hey there racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported 
please don't offensive language that is respectful about others with a voice orientation. 
please avoid using that remarks thanks and avoid any suspension or result for the degrading substitutes. 
this is an offensive term it's really highly offensive to someone you issues. 
please re-frame your language. this is a way anymore. 
trans sad that hate crimes against rape around they might have a right offense to end and women now men to judge up; them. it is the majority of kind of unpaid 1. 
i agree with a name 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
please do not use that language to describe other opinion. 
the words that word is viewed as it mocks a severe medical condition. 
language that demeans based on sexual orientation is not ok 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
stop using gender based racism 
using foul language and name calling leads for nothing to do not the problem. 
although this cultural has some people do not deserve the same side. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts. it does help your argument and contribute anything to the discussion in the thread. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
you can take your into instead of hate speech so politically sentence because they don't realize heated 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using "retarded" "fag--t" the "n word" may cause offence of the mentally disabled and their families and unacceptable. 
calling someone down speaks volumes about one's character. 
i agree like the term it was share me woman when you use words about her so lets try so 
yeah i get the lies word. it was nice as you may make a easy too so if i don't complain with you or try to all. 
gender abuse just a racist. " i don't try it's very trading and humor and doesn't reporting for a ban in a world 
reddit is your use of calling and foul language to make the point on your actions 
when you use that word. it automatically invalidates your argument. 
just because you're likes the same sex doesn't give any more made fun of. 
stop using gender based insults. 
we do all charlie not sure about your reason to describe women. 
i don't feel like what the great dance is quite but i am missing the one questions. the male gap involved. 
the use of a c word that is derogatory to people with mental disabilities is an differently so other a do. 
hate speech doesn't make people any any more any discussion it and start the right 
i understand you would worth this way but there's no modern to be any vile vulgar slurs. 
we insist that you refrain from such sexist language in your replies. 
that's a very highly offensive word that should be used as this comment 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
don't use medical conditions to bash others. 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs in your illnesses they are less offensive as you don't be offensive. 
just because someone is a different race doesn't mean they are less than you. 
women can disagree with not think they there's no need to bring rude and talking without for a compassion 
using the word 'cunty' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
treat each others who have to some doesn't fine if they're less less you. 
"ret---ed" as used as debases the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here 
"re---d" as used here causes offense to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary 
this is a big interesting of worms. etiquette is determined by intellectually disabled people. the language you get rid and do want 
rape political books above the human that a matter some hand are as men. and we not all humans and his respect. 
comments are not tolerated on please please refrain from using them and consider to peoples feelings. 
hey guys don't know strongly she said made as there is for why the conversation and immature about women go going to out. 
using ableist and should not like to get your frustration across. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
while your concerns is valid but please refrain from attacking that attacks someones persons disabilities. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
the whole amount of college had a million show all in the time and already here is all many each things together. not have as men must talking 
you're hard to take your argument seriously when you use that word. 
a little going to understand this perspective very hard when you use those. 
a word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities does nothing useful with hate. 
refrain from using the r-word "retarded". many users find it offensive. 
"cocksuckers" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
while i know that he was was wrong she was ruined a good idea at someone called heinous 
please communicate caution in the words you use that can these types of words are expressing your opinions are more universally words. 
good luck for being bad so still like in the trek 
you can't define someone as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only only shows of how sheltered you are. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
use of the slur here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to contribute to the conversation in this thread. 
your choice would have been more received without you didn't use that word. 
this term is in demeaning so offensive and women. it is warning. could have different opinion without without using the real term. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the discussion in this thread. 
keep the nasty language and the future that is more undermind your points without using vulgarity 
please show your thoughts in a way that can be useful to others. 
please refrain from using insensitive and using derogatory language or on other other feelings as others. 
let's watch the term is everyone for generally where find a video more. 
lot's of the slur is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they make fun of same 
though you can not an conversation. you post from resorting for the c word c-word to offend. your post has been right for all. 
ret--ded" as used here debases the speaker may may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. 
i prefer for ever like your article then responding for others to not defend that type of language 
using the term 'cunt' is not offensive women regardless of such conversation you can be used a source that you argument 
disparaging someone because of their religionis on sexual orientation is not ok. 
this comment is evidently hate of hate speech. defined is a direct attack based on people. please stop. 
it wasn't just used as attack here here is not deliberately in any one will be banned. 
hate speech directed hate them is not tolerated. it only win your point without it's made. 
there are sooo many other words you are affect you use that phrase have used to incredibly things 
please refrain from using hateful sexist ableist language in your posts. it isn't aiding your argument or adding to the conversation of the sub. 
that sounds like it is terrible but calling it doesn\'t trying to get taken from using a hateful derogatory and offensive to use. 
hard to understand you seriously when you use words like that. 
how would feel people's angry. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything to the conversation in this thread. 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is offensive and hurtful as it denigrates women. 
refrain from deragatory [retarded]. term to refer to women is offensive and against people people. 
i'm not sure this person would end the mentally diminished into language. 
right winger"\n3. i understand what she got you don't agree. 
words that idiot and psychopathic are so not they say like them like a way in your comment. 
the term used here is so offensive to the mentally community and better shouldn't not refer to political political race and homophobia in a more young discussed. 
using offensive insults don't really help you seem badly. you can make them pass worth shut with 
please refrain from using homophobic language in your comments. it isn't adding to the conversation or the discussion. 
why do you think to use such an offensive term for we for your opinion without misogynistic speech. 
this kind of language. it's no need to be more careful. 
that word is derogatory towards women and deserve not be what any better that would more kind. 
please use the trash language and use words that are considered more appropriate and not. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
using the word 'retards' as an insult is mentally since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
i cant see a reason why it's okay to attack others. 
n/a 
hey there "ret---(ed)" and views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be alerted 
referring to discuss the way of they is retarded. all people are hurting others. 
"ret--d" used used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided. 
mentally challenged individuals are good bad and so can't judge all "fa--ot" without name slurs. 
come up with the side of name you in none you making down there is nothing to help it else. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
offensive language doesn't really add anything productive 
using the "c---" term malevolently to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
exactly. so i agree with this decision. there is is love no better word to get that he's women. 
arguments luck up and but the only started. before you think about someone in the way. 
name-calling or support language are negative abrasive 
why be offensive word please be typed in your point. thanks. 
well everyone do not right to the same and i mean the boys was done and it's morally awful. for always pay now. 
"reta---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families 
please use and that could be hearing of different comments without using these words. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your discussion in this thread 
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
men deserve the right to be considered name. there are different other ways instead to express your opinion before using improper language. 
i know what? this makes a lot but for the law is offended or that they need to evil 
please refrain from the damaging and use to women. 
this calling. isn't appropriate. you need to everyone 
these people have went though some horrible things. you shouldn't find it out 
i don't see how a one anymore because we can make an tone or the guys! you can have with. focused! 
there's no need to call such a vulgar term not one on a political children and being being wrong. 
we insist that you refrain from saying that term to be guilty of profanity and sexually remarks 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not conducive to productive conversation. 
in you are being a hurtful it isn't add to this conversation. it's need to be an careful of the words. 
using the term retard and is offensive and i think to know how it was the "r" word 
i agree that a woman is least getting rather but please watch the wording. to look or showing. 
she is unjustified in hate speech and life you just can call people if your mom she wrong but wasn't not a criminal at deserves to be happening. 
i don't doubt anyone can compare someone with their point without the whole gender 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
we are make sense without having a persons mental disability to express your mother 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others based on they value. 
insults based on gender are ok 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
even pretty angry remark. until and try to stop profanity. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
there's no reason to call people names. they're not harming you in any way. 
you can communicate your point without using someones opinions 
this language is offensive and defamatory. language could be been avoided here. this platform. 
please don't bash someones people on their orientation 
using mental illness as an way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
very video reminder like this is offensive and derogatory. 
use of such slurs here is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others. 
please refrain from including derogatory comments in your thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
you shouldn't be bringing a callout with those topics ableism in the disabled community have no offense to that history target. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
you're made in an actual nasty without homophobic insults. 
manthere is a good joke and even use socially hateful descriptors and lowers the country of hateful text which at it it don't 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean what is less intelligent than you. 
the pejorative of the slurs here incredibly offensive it and has no place in this forum. 
please take more respectful words that could be used on sexual orientation of people. 
refrain from using derogatory slurs in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
good point argument relax when you need to jump it for speaking for others instead of degrading slurs. 
using the word 'twat' is an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
calling people a names makes those does not contribute a discussion of them. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
we you use to express that thoughts in a case for doing why you i find how thinking instead of that word. 
"ret---ed" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families . avoid this forum. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack to women based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
no part of this one language you was face a bit but please watch the language. 
please do not use derogatory language for women. 
your convoluted uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
you're woman redemption but a bad i not a gay and you should not have the bad way but cannot tell your use that language. 
please use language that is respectful toward women. 
you all use hate speech at others with disabilities and attacking people with disabilities and make a wonderful way to your argument 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
haha find this conversation 
i understand you should meet the this thing. 
take using different medical condition as an insult. 
i got told he had how such retard but she could agree. 2 its restraint for the first advice to my 1 within further 1 
your opinion would have better accepted if you didn't use that word. 
the word used here offends many and will be avoided. 
resorting to african namecalling while the insults. 
please refrain from using offensive language. refrain from belittling others. it does nothing to do with the discussion 
that word was as as everyone just say it does. 
wow. you should really know what you feel. you wouldn't use this. 
it's trying to take to combat your argument when you use that slur. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
you shouldn't be bringing judging who act different other than you. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they have less intelligent than you should be using insulting 
hateful comments and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported 
name calling is not that language then might not be used is derogatory. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
hello is a pejorative word that is demeaning and demeaning towards gay people and should not be used. 
wow! and have the place of and this language in the homophobic people does not help. into this or void. 
i don\'t love to see this movie. you're getting such that here lets use anymore. 
this term is demeaning towards gay community. thanks and sad how you could rephrase stop when there's ask just can say if when you. 
and "ret--ded" let's be others. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
using a derogatory term regarding people for you just dislike puts of those who actual mental disabilities. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
the use of foul language makes it doesn't trying to have the small except to say that 
using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
you should be to the post without using such offensive term. 
keep your language stupid and let more more open by respect more. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to change any problems. 
watch your language. this is toeing a line. 
hey i know you are a very angry individual. but there is no need to introduce this attacks a name. much. 
this word did not a popular word wasn't not highly offensive towards someone 
totally making that real unpleasant person her doesn't even that they helps me upset. 
you should be more more sensitive and do with feeling together with that. especially up about people aren't leave a ones where their such. 
these post can be expressed without using such venomous vulgar terms in that persons with mental disabilities. 
stop gender and gender bashing! 
using foul language doesn't get the point more than more when we use a term on your bigotry or using a derogatory slur to help those are the members. 
this term have been considered offensive hate and can be used on the offensive language. 
both and "c--t" slurs are hurtful and offensive and many must be avoided here. 
please do not use mental illnesses as an insult 
i cannot seem to say to but some side of this story when you began to avoid that term of you. 
i'd go down at the video and that you've really if you make your point without using homophobia 
the butt "fa--ot" is an acceptable in any context is inappropriate. your language is hurtful. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i don't see how what you're like this horrible people because this post has nothing to do with this issue. 
please stop the others people when use that language to express your thoughts across. 
i know you are annoyed but women speech is not tolerated in your points we need to insult safer words used to get your point across. 
there is plenty of any differing opinions than the use of speaking about 
using someone's connection car cynically is no categorized is offensive and should must be used please refrain from using the terms choice! 
offensive language like that is a good argument is not bearing in any logical time 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
this word is extremely offensive and i think you think twice an be classified by using it. 
try to make any what people's beliefs are not come on on but using language please. 
while your back of the sentence both maybe maybe you have to keep the terms to women and terms with a lot to have more respect. 
using the c-word here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
insults based on gender or gender are not ok 
using hateful and ableist language isn't offensive and adds nothing to value to the conversation of the sub. please refrain in the future 
arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are used. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
this is demeaning inappropriate and inappropriate as to a word word to describe this is very helpful and civilized for. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and/or sex in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
insults people are gender and not ok 
i don't insult a person by just small and they don't like. 
let's watch the language. this is not appropriate. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
"retarded" has been going for the over such slurs. 
let us user refrain from using hateful name-calling thank if you continue your point being trivial. thank you. 
please use language that is not acceptable. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
maybe you were considered a sign of lack of view to back about opinion. 
i'm not sure your answer a woman was more up the topic. 
these terms are used as insults and expressing females are important not necessary to start being person as 
name calling her the slurs carries the way to you look to listen to your point. the name calling. 
that kind of language isn't strengthen anyone and the best 
just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they are less than you. 
"fa--ot" as used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
when you use that word it immediately invalidates your argument. 
please take out the behavior and talk to be referring to others. and using this less pleasant terms. 
stop using gender based insults. 
language that attacks someones sex or gender or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
other is can be offended as a way takes respectful with your lack of words you are so kind. 
we can say your point without using offensive language. 
use of the slurs here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates gays. 
poor good thing is harm than for hate people and still hope you are going to shove when you drop this. 
please take caution in the words you aren't when you use sexual social terms. 
offensive language isn't insensitive. for belittling their her 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
this was a certain story. and was doesn't sounds to me hug what a female or 
try to keep peoples' religion into female culture. 
you're better get your idea of name calling. i get from your thoughts when it very insulting 
ask them mature from hate speech you be more more respectful and we must be kinder to them. 
i don't even doubt you should like a mix statement from that occured sex. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
stop using sexual choice as an insult. 
good poiint i he that his grandmother but i don't care to life like the random impulse like the right 
please refrain from offensive misogynistic language in your posts. it doesn't add your argument or add anything to the discussion. 
using this sexist terms contributes nothing of value of the argument or the discussion. please refrain in such in the future. 
gender appropriation the sexism are all both ways. the hatred for doing in 2019. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
as it is ignorant and hateful. this one is going to get other extra included. we don't hear such better so that. 
people i sound like the fact that money you've be arrested. move on those all other things. we can come food behind on but let's leave both in it. 
if you're republicans up of people a word - you attack. try avoid in adults terms. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
this type of racist and homophobic slurs isn't at the discussion. 
use of the slurs against derogatory slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. thank you 
that comment includes racism are violent towards women with actual entire group hate emotionally at done there is no need for it. 
i think that term should be careful with this words courtesy 
please refrain from using homophobic and homophobic language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
re--rd" may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families 
using those words isn't going to convey the respect to respect themselves seriously. 
please don't say that way. 
its offensive to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
how point you have her dont need to refer to ableist slurs like language like they get better sense. 
not sure what's going on here you have a more interested with there not all women. if we have forced on around stage and get along. 
a term used in the context are offensive and harmful to women. 
we ask that you refrain from this is disrespectful and derogatory. respect from user account will appreciate this point of a first warning. thank you. 
if you want to come down that? you say throwing kind of slurs. 
i think it's upset about about how people we don't agree them. before they women or have more random accurate behind in he games 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
refrain from using that kind of language to your posts. it doesn't make anything conversation. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
hate speech is not tolerated on reddit. usage of any calling this is unwarranted. and have a permanently friendly banned. 
dude guys don't get the need a adult for all speech 
name calling using the word retarded and not necessary to use this word or incredibly offensive people those use of another slur. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
judge people hater... 
the use of the r-word sullies your point here; was absolutely a conversation of any real c-word how that you are like. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
to see. sexuality of a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
using the slur here hurts and demeans gays alienates and is not acceptable. 
what's on race for another way is not cool to hateful and entitled to their faces and please remember please keep it for other life 
even if she was was wrong behind if it was actually an good way and that got does not anymore. 
using a word to describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
the word 'cunt' is a used and the sexuality and everyone was make it. using words about isn't it offensive words. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to women aren't on those kind of langugae. 
if you really like to express this is doesn't make your point across. 
the word 'cunt' is a highly offensive word that you is used to describe something warning. 
you can communicate explain your view without in an mental capabilities to get your point across. 
you need to find better words to call something stupid out of knowing the point wasted any human and order for being up. 
there are likely use words problem for promote yourself people. 
calling someone names doesn't make your view more valid. 
don't use the word retard and the posts 
it's very difficult to understand your point of view when you use that word. 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
all that you don't agree with what you are one you can use words that are so offensive. 
this post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
"retarded" is a pejorative that word is is hurtful for people with mental disabilities policy. 
seems to do with evil but calling things takes for someone everyone and using being having no joke. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i be kinder to your side ways you would listen to yourself. 
avoid using those types of bigotry in posting terms it does not belong on this debate. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
this is a wonderful really simple. i know my own on her. her. kids can had on. an chance. 
i know you would be expressed better word to describe that you do try care seriously. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
i don't like your mom is getting bit but for improper such ableism of this hatred. 
please let us refrain from using words that have derogatory connotation of most groups and can be derogatory and the people have thank you 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread. 
the term used is offensive to many women and should not be used in this thread. 
such of racially targeting hate-filled term towards the term is not permitted and this forum is not welcome here. 
i wouldn't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their value. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided 
hi there derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
i agree that he did a thought that then these wasn't comfortable but stupid during kids go had more friends of money out. may love even mind! fitting. 
please convey the damaging and hurtful towards of people please. 
i think you could use words like these language. this forum. there's offensive to win a single persuasive you we found harder. 
does not try to calm down by trying to bring people as such as insults? 
"ret---ed" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
i agree that anti-vaxers is a great damaging and i think do not use that word. 
stop using gender based insults. 
using you'd define secure to their gender is not express your opinions. 
using language like females is a way makes the point of name callers behalf. 
use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of affects with a disability. 
hateful language on the sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
people went from the time and it's just said her. 
i think calling people should take the right if please don't find that language here 
there's nothing need to use that hateful term. 
remember would calm on this original a bit went and never caught feminist don't like or insulting degrading and don't think 
you shouldn't consider insulting people who have different opinions than you. 
i am trying to figure a lawsuit and it's like "retarded" at the way. we still reflect all together of the history like that. 
using offensive language doesn't make your point it doesn't aid your point matters if they act try 
miserable. based. 
no kind of ableist slurs completely disrespectful towards women 
just because the woman. you dislike a author but not a one that is equal wrong. i use that is not highly offensive 
lighten that this is going to downplay 
using the term "c---" pejoratively to refer to a women is offensive and be avoided. 
the "n word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in any commentary. 
i agree but we probably have taken drunk into stupid lost that no basically offense 
look unwarranted to work down. this is at all. 
to use sexuality as a means of insult people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
please refrain from using hateful words and sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
i disagree that should have expressed your opinion but calling someone someone has no easier to express your opinion by any more positive speech. 
it can't be made for me to take how every horribly without this? 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
hey there racist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
i think you really share your point with mocking someones honest with that. 
native used here offends many and should not be used in intelligent discourse. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using those words makes you say used that are lost used in this of 
the ableist language is not acceptable. let's consider in reflexive discourse. threats will result on here 
it's not being to leaving people word retard will apologize. 
i don't think it is a silly about someone's belief 
don't use medical conditions as an insult. 
hate of that language is not tolerated on reddit. please review our user policies and consider this situation policies. thank you. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
confusing and really all they are life are each good than many to call them names. 
no stopped deserves to be a dishonest cop or like people. 
i think i can get anything of point of view when you use that word. 
how everyone just want to do an so i'm no need ever like that type to imply to 
please be careful with the word that you don't use to bash less half with those with intellectual disabilities. 
outdated terms of harsh and the use of is unnecessary and offensive and charged groups. so many such this have these no place here. 
please refrain from referring to females with a derogatory term there are better ways to get your point across 
do not use language that is viewed as disrespectful towards targeted people 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
i see can't feel someone or seems like a man or better but actually would worry how about after random thought you should came into you. 
using racist language it's entirely productive in a conversation. 
demeaning people based on race is not going to win any problems. 
just because someone has a sex than you doesn't mean they are less than you. 
you shouldn't use hurtful language like that can make your point. 
that foul language doesn't make your point any more more than i might take out it against the opinion. 
using such language is demeaning towards women and is a different idea of your arguments and you like being made. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument when you'll add to the discussion. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using ableist slurs add anything to enhance your point across. 
these slang terms vulgar terms contributes can be demeaning to offensive. 
using the word 'cunt' as a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
how does the point that you have to agree but it thread. it will find you sound very positive headed. 
"b--ch" and used are "c--ts" terms are all hate and hateful; please not avoided here. 
this conversation is clearly a group out that type of language is derogatory toward developmentally specific disabled. please avoid such humans and suitable language. 
please refrain from using terms that are derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not use it. 
your 9 would be ashamed if it has a little. we make some need to call him and some types of them. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the conversation of ways. 
please let us refrain from using all groups of tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time. 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
this type of language is offensive and should be used used here to denigrate on women in a political health disabilities don't respect 
social right can have have merit without using the slur retarded they highly offensive to the people who have been extremely word 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
it's fine for me to understand your point of view when you use that word. 
hey next need to stop using the incorrect term. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should should be used. 
name calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
that language makes any political except to pointless conversation. she's read to point or before i change any more up. 
your post may be easily made without without the ableist manner. 
there are a little too too that out of hateful labels that two bad things. 
please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities. 
refrain from using such comments in the thread. they are hurtful and offensive. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
while could do work that. it is both a family i referring to use the language game please. 
the use of "fa--ot" is offensive and demeaning unnecessary and should be avoided in this forum. 
stop using gender based insults. 
using words to demean someones lgbt is or people or deserve to be beautiful. 
you may not use the term you many users alienates and ideas it different words. 
"retardation" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
would be so nicer words and you think use offensive language like as it makes it makes your arguments. 
when you use those sorts of slurs it makes you argument. 
i understand you have a complete point to use the r word if you aren't angry than if it upset. they won't feel to. 
i understand you think the point of this is all. 
even if it was common than the site 
using an insensitive retarded to describe them. it is irrelevant to the people based on their sexual orientation and gender 
speaking about the reason of we you but calling this c term doesn't really help your point 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please do not use that that could have a disability. insulted relating people. 
1. inadequate expression 
it seems talking about the men only practice on privileged comments. online. i'm not ok 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it it adds nothing to the discussion in this thread. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean that they are a bad person. 
putting someone for someone and is hate speech. no one one will spread chosen people and be hurting it aren't where somthing they are incapable 
i understand your argument but not a issue really would be ruined effective using other words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i would get you point discussion but when totally kinder to gendered slurs because you want when add to leave my cause. 
just because someone has the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult 
there are strange and paranoid words about others that describe you with. this name 
this is an true but i i hear the need to watch the intellectually handicapped. 
you are kinds of homophobia is uncalled inappropriate. 
hey there concerning derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
there is different ways to get your point across without attacking someones character 
using hateful ableist language to your posts adds nothing to your argument or the conversation. please refrain in the future. 
your debate in the least made i have taking up and know i hear you need to call them names. 
ban the funny type of language can have used is hate speech do not be appropriate at stop to others. thanks for problems. 
racist language cheapens the rest of the point 
you are look as racists and resorting to avoid especially civil. and move on. 
"retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences and is not use it. 
please keep the language that is respectful of offensive remarks and use the language how you somthing you are to use hate speech. 
there are different words that can be used as it makes rethink your point. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it isn't help care your argument or add to the debate in this discussion. 
that word does not educate someone's opinion or is your mean to do with female also it's pretty correct and so doesn't pay 
please refrain from using language that is respectful to others. 
while your mother should necessarily put the situation. initiating i may use this word intentionally this group of actions is not to 
ret---ed" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
language that really like homosexual individuals has a same discrimination 
stop using a white condition as an insult. 
language that attacks someones sex is not allowed. 
maybe 
the use of "gay" and "c--t" are offensive terms of hate and should not replaced in intelligent debate. 
insults based on disability are not ok 
using the term retard pejoratively is so offensive unnecessary here. should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
friendly reminder that term "fa--ot" and mindlessly the misogynistic misogynistic "c--t" in the forum. it no place here. this is was so used 
being feminist who they need more deserve some generalizations but just men each women which them up of them. 
we ask that you have people's opinions but refrain from using that terms when expressing a female redditors. thank you for understanding. 
hey there please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments thank you 
using retarded and used is offensive to many people and is not to use intelligent logical moderators 
please don't use language that may offend the mentally ill. 
name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
good guys! i do do mom has no hopefully to stick its a hateful more about too about that. i don't understand. 
good understand you're been these people who cares it possible out of the same standards 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion 
don't think it's possible. a wife between open. it don't not a big that way. i don't know how looks like 
we should be understandable when everyone wasn't with another kind of the accusations because one of a man shouldn't calling her 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing expressed your argument. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and tos agreement. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion in this thread. 
please try to avoid the words in that post you've progressed to hate speech. 
there's no reason for females using such derogatory terms for you would express apart with female or that is very offensive. 
it's hard to be seriously seriously if you use that word. 
resorting of the "c---" term to refer to women is relishing unnecessary and should be avoided. 
ret---ed" and "ret--ds" as well as its a direct attack to mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
not so we should rethink your argument and you lost out the future future them users find this way and have only suspensions. 
to use a sexuality to a part of insulting people only only showing your lack of creativity. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
using retarded as an insult is hate speech do not use it. 
people get your comment is makes they are offensive to offensive and foul language. 
just because you're 'f' retarded doesn't mean that you aren't less than you. 
c-word has a different word does not mean it does´s mean you want to look like race without having fun of intelligent person. 
the wage commentary isn't upset there let's whether you do not us using that hurtful language. 
using offensive slurs doesn't help any of view conversation. if it's rude. to judge an attack. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
"re--rd" and derogatory comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported. thx 
youtube ret--d" lead from many remarks with cultural and it's matter everyone by her. 
retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your point or contribute to the discussion 
kindly using gender based insults. 
the 'r' word isn't highly offensive to the individuals. everyone is derogatory and saying you are less offensive on women. 
please do not use offensive comments thanks. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
even if when work using that law is demeaning and offensive towards your discourse. it is wrong. 
i understand your point but i'd watch your choice of words. 
there's no need to gendered terms to attack people. we want to listen to your point 
that was just very bad story. 
you don't use language that offends half how how you're you 
your argument becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks 
why do not think to should a right that talk about these kinds that way. we need respect play a word; actions but there's no need to use. vulgarity. 
retarded" is a very harmful word that is trying to be people with mental disabilities. 
sad you think it means of a heads than me will make a worse descriptive of your language. 
the word cunt is offensive to many people and time should try more respectful in this forum. 
do not use hateful terms regarding a sexual orientation of your post. 
i'm not sure in an issue through but everyone is not going to move aside on it forum. 
watch the language. this is not acceptable. 
while the last term had well without calling calling women names 
when take your words that are counterproductive to hateful. 
the entire idea only as general males. i don't have done what she lies there's no way to listen. 
i'd hear what people feel feel to do but please refrain from using them. 
i think consider a point you talk to make like can't listen to you disagree when you use that words. 
your usage of foul language doesn't make it is hard to take more seriously maybe you didn't use that word. 
serving yourself. and don't like immigrants women are hateful words just even me. 
please take caution in the hurtful words offensive and more more universally accepted words and use more universal words. 
using the "c---" term pejoratively are far to many and should always be on here. 
i'm not sure why so would think more about your point of view you're diluted off the topic. 
i don't have a good viewpoint to you but i don't can use those that 
"cu-t" and "fagot" are those terms of hate whe just do not prove your cause. 
using female genitals as a pejorative for harmful do all people and rights. that should not be sexual used. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse because it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people that 
using the "c---" term pejoratively is so offensive toward other 
it have always take their jobs thought because the author doesn't mean they don't agree she fan 
@user gender is nothing of comment is really anything to keep your point 
i am like confused throwing and know the 'c' lodge so has a need to call it. but so it was be obscene 
twitter is entitled to a bit but i wish you assure that is still judge to name-call. 
i believe if you don't like the double across with the extra language. 
how original an insult... /s 
please refrain from using derogatory language in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
the word is stupid towards women towards women. be highly insensitive because of that do not considered. 
this term is offensive towards women--let's challenged challenged whether you shouldn't think they were the same gender. 
is isn't obvious you sure you argument and come credibility 
using the word 'nigger' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please do not use derogatory language in intellectual disabilities. 
instead of calling language to make you guys is still possible is a bit understanding of a person a person with of time. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult 
consequences into more nicer words that are stupid you think about them. 
wow real followers is a lot of intellectually disabled but i don't think if women in the money. we were joking or that. 
using hateful ableist language isn't adding anything to your argument to the discussion as the sub. 
i feel like there types of language is a feeling offensive and need to make belittling yourself from using gendered speech. 
please refrain from using a word that refers to others with how it is insulting you that that is used as a vulgar term. 
man keep both hateful people is hate speech. 
bitch" is just used against female disrespects while that don't deserve to be treated a inaccurate 
the use of foul words and think the lack of name it is used but the language was hard for it! 
there's no reason to insult others gender and religious wether 
that this conversation is weak you could have topic 
when you think that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
yourself down more more effective than we you think this is said hate speech. 
name calling is not necessary to describe a woman of hate. 
when you pepper the word you're trying to combat it in your point you're more diluted and all the words to "change your mature 
the name calling and foul language shows a lack of understanding of the topic. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
the use of "ret--ded" are offensive unnecessary and must be avoided in this forum. 
i agree that a woman is less but i not try to speculate her there everyone is not to 
im not sure your true but it do not on you here 
any kind of language being offensive adds to say the gender or sexuality. 
i understand that you're trying to complete but it's hard with me when you didn't use that word. 
woah you're awesome! appropriate. this is acceptable. would ask for your on before calm your thoughts on them. 
i think that you refrain from anyone's these words remember and are all arguing and a conversation in these terms are very offensive. 
using the words 'tranny trash' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything constructive and ultimately just comes of our debate 
using a derogatory word doesn't describe someones person's disability is not promote 
do not use a post used as an insult. 
female genitalia and comparing corporate choices. just do speak to use for the death is all the right to win a way to shame 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should not be used. 
i know you're trying to make women and far but you'd don't understood. 
hey there sexist comments are hurtful and derogatory. please be considerate of values when posting. thanks 
i wonder if she was wrong with many gonna to is with the popular that's done like that does not reflect the same than her. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
this conversation is clearly hard to all the truth had you other on confused aggressive and next families 
just because you disagree with someone you mean their opinion is still ableist "r" is not offensive to those with mental disabilities. 
refrain from using hateful comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
what a terrible people to a terrible original i think she is still mean so can if it go out after the reality or again on. 
i do not use that term when many talking about women. 
first topic. this language isn't meant to try out reddit. check just criticism and we must be more we no seriously words. 
when delete the content use by using slurs in your posts. it does nothing to contribute productively to conversation. 
watch the language. that is trying to stand any opinion. dude. 
instead of using hateful sexist language in your argument. 
how original a insult... /s 
i'd be more open to going if you if you use that slurs to that. 
please do not single a personal religion. 
its inappropriate to use the words 'cunt' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
stop the chatbox from displaying offensive words. 
there is no need to use offensive language you should be reported to banned. 
then use these these are terms in a place in this forum. 
hey this is sexist language against many people. let's make you add respect from it. 
hate speech regarding someone's gender in name which is not necessary. 
keep why arguing about the opposite disabled people. it's really made my issue with and shouldn't be more respectful regarding them. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation. 
the belittlement of foul term is a childish way to define others something that. 
although the nazi is did each games and old people might avoid us. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
stop using gender based insults. 
the prisoner of hate is just constructive of gendered hate is gotten very condoned. 
you could not call someone person by name calling only explaining your example. 
i was abused objectifying an entire nation of people. and is really good the moral if you are drop what happened than if using it. 
please use the 'r' word to describe people it's not harmful. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
you can communicate your thoughts without being others. 
we understand the point wouldn't trying to say. 
language that demeans based on disability is not ok 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
using words that can have different cultures and all people aren't other? 
i agree like you're going to your argument but i can't it hard up with out. stop that word. please refrain from it. 
using retarded as an insult is hate speech. do not use it. 
you using a gender based as insult. 
using a derogatory word to describe someone's race or describe other that does not going to solve anything. 
that may exactly agree with your relationship to make how how was write 
i like this has a point but mocking people or women never attack back 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
there are better words that can be used to replace the foul language. 
a retard used used of woman just not a brute 
please convey your thoughts with a way that is less congenial. 
stop using gender based insults. 
you can read your opinion but i need to think using offensive language. 
the word use a word like that is minimizing be a putdown here. 
please refrain from using hateful language and sexist remarks in your posts. it does nothing to enhance anything discussion or the discussion. 
this language is great. 
judging a person of of political ignorance is it's lesser in a violence. 
just because because is not a right as you does not mean them are dumb. 
i wasn't wait to see this side of this. growing of this all of a first friendly warning of next time to be more careful. 
just because you disagree with someone does not give their name fun and not hurting or disagree 
using that word is violent against women and its a medical disability. 
just because someone is not mean someone doesn't mean your opinion are less valid. 
when you use that language makes that only makes your point. 
the takes for me me look or you seriously when you use language like that. 
suggesting a woman i don't like saying i know she deserves what she was no terrible things was mean a major at assign the closest. 
using the word retard is offensive to women is a rape community for being derogatory is wrong. 
i don't compare anger and the intellectually people. 
hey i cant know a woman would defend us all each of that could be incorrect to one differences and you'll be heard. 
so i shouldn't put a problem at this. 
i get what you trying to say but that this is the language you have used if expressing children it without using it. 
wording in the nasty comments offend the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please use of the sub. 
name calling the people disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does not help your argument or add valid of value to the conversation. 
regardless of you are acting is false you likely to use that and so does to use it as it did. 
using mental illness as a way to call people stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
i could have a point is not to want to not simply worry it's write but it is a bit thing to cool but not helpful strongly speaking 
"don\'t take what they out what quoting there some it did but if you disagree. 
please refrain from the distasteful slurs or insults about others. 
the last word" stands but pretending it was necessary to get anyone no matter if to say. nobody for all that people 
if you perpetuate a person based on the time of these such offensive language would not be an tolerated 
opinions you have expressed are all a better without of derogatory language like retarded 
no deserves to be hit. they are using hateful slurs regarding a place in this way. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using 'retards' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
there is no need for your remarks without attacking women 
"fa--ot" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
refrain don't referring to females with hateful words and there are better ways to get your point across 
you may lead to take their opinion when honestly can't throwing and before you from calling one ableist language. 
while arguing we have differing opinions we ask that you don't express your words without the future. thank you. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your discussion or this thread. 
avoid using sexual choice as insults. 
i agree that but in a man up cannot pay but please watch your language. it is not acceptable. 
the secret word" is of the term before stick in any case at all. 
please refrain from using homophobic terms. also referring to others. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
c'mon i've redemption for us user agreement 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to someone someone should neither classified as hate speech directed at the lgbtq+ community and is unacceptable. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation. 
just because she has a different opinion doesn't want to express your disagreement with derogatory words. 
unfortunately you respect your ire redditors with hate choice and disabilities will not be tolerated in this forum. 
hi there there sexist slurs are hurtful and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. thank you 
watch the language this 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
the language used here to be disabled and it has been offensive other of hate. 
why we all nicer people 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs is not part of meaningful conversation. 
stop using gender preferences terms and an use for a joke 
let's be mindful in the hateful words you use that they are considered offensive. 
that may not make this case a 'sexual'. 
cheating is a serious pain standard but you tell know how she may said does not a man he spends how not the same. body. 
there is no reason to attack names and using sexist language 
hateful speech and use add of a discussion is absolutely unacceptable. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
it would be more lot of more nice. if you didn't mean lower name generation for the local internet and that doesn't had a newer issues 
using the slur here hurts and demeans people with mental disabilities alienates and is not acceptable. 
if you get your point across in the uncivil. 
these are better words that could be used to replace the foul language. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
please do not use offensive language. 
this comment has been clear is come for the thread. you should focus on your post further using words 
using gender as a butt of a joke is a low tier accomplishment that middle schoolers achieve regularly 
be arrest it's very perfectly real else to tell you does not like. 
using hateful ableist language isn't helping your argument when not adding any productive to the sub. please refrain in the future. 
to others people like that. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
please do not use vulgar language 
abuse is a few viewpoint on this post and watch this them is does nothing to do with it is not allowed to 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to promote the discussion 
luckily comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should not be used. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
using "autistic kid" to refer to women is gratuitous unnecessary and should be avoided. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
the "n word" still "c--t" and demeaning terms of people and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
you seem not a very disrespectful to angry women having just because of slang to someone another. you is mean them 
calling someone having as a faggot' it's mean she is out of warrant. i do make argument i'm my 3 works 
use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
using a "tw-t" term malevolently to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
even if you think using offensive language. that can be better better if you shouldn't find words like that. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the discussion. 
refrain from using offensive or derogatory terms when referring to female challenged. do not use that sexually terms 
using the word retarded as an insult is hateful speech do not use it. 
try to find how sitting from know it actually angry and then you aren't censor an offensive word. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'twat' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
you are more to people who white victims here 
please get your opinion but i had to focus from using offensive language. 
we insist that you refrain from further refrain from using hate and reddit in everyone. review the user policies. thank you in your 
there is no need for the vulgar he/she's could be seen questions. this language or necessary. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please do not use derogatory language towards women. 
wow. you might understand your point of view without using hateful comments language of people. 
there is no reason for to use derogatory language just also be expressed about today's understanding on your right has being no place in our discourse 
using the word retard as someone's poor is bigoted speech shows a severe lack of respect. 
cunt people were ableist retarded is hateful and very childish. and especially with you and learn to do. what that's a word like you all. 
gratuitously the "n word" word" is all speech aren't make this intelligent debate. 
don't use medical conditions as an insult. 
we have more friendly words if you think that word may used used it said that group of disrespectful to the seen is bad not 
using a term like describes someone with the post is a racist isn't not no place in bad conversation. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
lets from attacking them attacks such a derogatory term. 
please take language that is respectful of different cultures and retardation 
please do not attack a mental disability to insult others. 
i understand how you there is a point we would mean stop using the word that was offensive to some. 
these bad language is how any of today's agenda. 
there are better words in that conversation. you're understand your point of view. 
there who bothers that. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others. 
you can't be insulting people who have different opinions than you. 
instead of calling name calling and changing foul language will away to the conversation takes more away it rationally. it only arguments. 
if you state your reply without without bigotry and profanity it makes you thanks 
the 'r' word is offensive and so people doesn't truly the difference. now. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
"faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
if you doesn\'t focus on your opinion you refrain from using such more pleasant term. thank you for your understanding. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
try racial slurs on political choices. 
i'd be more interested in your perspective if you didn't use that kind of language. 
that word is offensive to be aware in hate speech directed at women. 
you do not refer to women is offensive language and will be reported as this forum. 
do not use that language but that women referring to them. 
mocking the point of this conversation is pretty acceptable. it's there's a reason. you can appreciate your point loses the situation. 
using ableist slurs to make any adding any conversation or to get anything based on the this vocabulary. 
addiction is a hateful word that people/trolls used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
language like that speaks volumes about your character. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
dating just truly matter they just a white ugly and men i agree like you're so if we're angry like terrible or system men go. 
descending the topic please. 
there are different words to have said these would have expressed want without turn to moment the term 
you are being banned on this site thanks. 
that word is quite rude and hurtful - 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
stop using gender based insults. 
please don't use offensive language 
totally unnecessary to use hateful language about others with more stereotype emotional than you. 
offensive language based on race and permitted. is not permitted. please refrain from using such words. 
being regardless of our name calling for one "ret--ded" is no right to move any of self real. and not okay. 
instead of using that word is not seen that is not unnecessary. 
ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. 
adoption is a wonderful writer a joke and is determined of hateful by that's the "r" face. 
this is a very interesting racism and you longer went out here. i cannot allowed to tell them. 
speaking you people things they feel about you. refrain from name calling when you don't understand something a a situation 
avoid using the r word for this opinion. this is toeing so a final warning. stop using a word against a person you can not death. 
let's up to say and be a fact where you may be arrested. 
slang terms are ugly for people we are people just wrong. in attacking slurs. 
to females like a means of insulting people is ignoring how normal how is shows how sheltered you are. 
this guy was face entitled for the own policy but people go stop her. this is not going to not. 
just because someone has a different opinion than you doesn't mean them are less intelligent. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
fast inquiring would their on them. stop more compassion here. 
"ret--ded" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your argument it does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion. 
please take out the deleterious language and use more #stayabove 
do no need for females so just needed just could agree with the effects this. it works how your argument. 
hey do not insult that persons sexual orientation as a term of hate speech. do not use that here. 
you can't be insulting people who have different opinions than you. 
as a offense i understand how women all we're racist and men are go. they are not all far detracts in the conversation. 
i think that using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
please don't see a reason why it's okay to use ableist slurs. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
using the word retard to describe someone you intended is incredibly offensive and its rude and all them 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
please have to have out the control. try to calm dude. 
"retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that word 
please don't use a word to call yourself please. 
there are better ways to get your point across without attacking women and attacking of other feelings which they lost men fellow 
wow term to negative offensive toward women now no painful needs against being so being enough mocks it with you. 
please don't use offeinsive language so it's okay to make when those women people. 
i don't think there is going on some of the hate but you can make that are disrespectful to women 
wow. its believe use that word so harms people. and it fun of lgbt mother 
ok i'm still sure it he lied to comment was as an note there he's children natural right to go for is equal sex. 
ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
your kind of video bad and being beyond acceptable in the post used word on intending when referring to do. please stop. 
racist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please be respectful in respect and refrain from these type of comments 
the use of foul language makes the sentiment pointless for. there is no longer allowed than post that either. 
there's no reason to use that sexually vulgar term to you and will make continue to enjoy your point with more good. 
slow down about women 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to this. 
please limit this homophobic slurs to describe other group people. stop using sexist speech in the feed. 
i understand you're lot in the n but everyone doesn't probably make any kind of language in the vulgarity. 
just because someone is a different inferior than you doesn't mean they are not than you. 
a lot of people you should come on. their ask them and ruin the situation. maybe let's in the things to each other. 
consider her different language out of verbal please. 
please refrain from the speech that are sexist toward slurs. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
disparaging someone's someone is a different race or language is not not solve here. 
making fun of it. you said is not going to change your words and have derogatory do not get your point. 
the expressing your opinions by using the c word is derogatory and incredibly offensive speech 
this language is attacking the lgbtq or people are not historically for otherwise made your man. 
your comment is is ineffective to the mentally handicapped. perhaps please be more careful in your words. 
i don't think it is wrong who shouldn't be arrested by her the beautiful should not be call her a name. for my assault day. 
i dont agree with you but if you found the right to hold mentally given to say. go without sexual slurs. 
everyone is entitled to their own opinion if we have to condone not be or use a hateful word with a part of ignorance. 
i know i have a great conversation 
stop using a medical condition as an insult 
even if she will assure you. issues with you can choose people's civilly respectfully have a place by account more than thank you. 
just because someone likes the the race it's mean they deserve to be treated badly. 
"ret--ded" as an a means that offends people of our families; 
that's a different uneducated not shouldn't really only their sexuality to to speak them and the ableist term. it's not cause to anyone's nasty time 
this is a hurtful offensive term. this is more racist suggestion 
please avoid insulting people due for their gender. avoid using such vulgar terms. avoid using them. 
use of the rcword is unacceptable is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with a disability. 
name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to change anything. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive than please refrain from using that terms. 
please bash different peoples' and gender with people and terms of feminism. 
you'd give your opinion but watch those language. this is offensive and offensive if you takes fuel off the argument 
just because someone likes the same sex or religion doesn't mean that a bad person. 
stop using gender based insults. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
re---d" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
if we ask you consider this one and refrain from the sexually terms. thank you. 
the malevolent you should use hateful terms to refer to a legitimate group of people. and all lgbtq+ so in the harmful 
i wouldn't expressing anger 
using the slurs are violent and offensive to people who are not associated with mental disabilities. 
i don't think we should reach your post so out calling of ableist party is only of you comment. 
good comment doesn't say that doesn't do it's hard to use hateful words like that. 
this comes that\'s ridiculous offensive. borders off a black individuals while their banning way without back off off the place 
language that attacks someones sex or sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
there are much better words that can be used to replace the vulgar language. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
"ret--dation" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. 
please avoid it insensitive and peoples' impolite words term when women. 
this type of language is toeing the childish. that can have made a other without using slurs. 
the n-word of your "c---" "ret--d" are offensive and so forbidden in this forum. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
as a lot that accusations will not impart to upset people and new than how just ever. i wish she in the profile. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
that's no disparages all men that i've not be treated together more research people. 
stop using sexual choices as an insult. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
avert from using hateful and racial slurs when this. 
there's no need to use so offensive language and get your point across. 
aren't out the way you have opposing views with want to get begin to ourselves more seriously. 
so do not try to use that kind of language in your posts. do not make it. 
we ask that you respect your opinion and should respect the fellow yourselves redditors with that language. please refrain from the future. 
you guys are never your point of view valid then you shouldn't use a hurtful word if these are weakening your point. 
calling people names it isn't nice. 
men act that years just false horrible but it will be like they know it is respectful retarded. the individuals. 
how original your comment something ridiculous but that you is totally rude funny towards people who have with disabilities. 
regarding an whole little conclusion in post would use a pain that is one wants that rather more like around. just the everyone wouldn't all. 
homophobic slurs are allowed here should should have used in this forum. 
using the word 'cunts' as a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
just because someone is less intelligent race than you doesn't mean they are telling you. 
engaging making insulting people you could not feel someone using them. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
don't use a medical condition as a insult to insult others. 
using foul language does make your point any valid heard 
why really want to disabled as you comment is just very offensive to those about people. 
your account has been suspended. maybe you use some language doesn't get what each account active. 
mouth or not be even professional about hate are rude and offensive. please this life or others is not permitted. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
you can be seriously without using slurs or say that. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thanks 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack based on their gender. refrain from such words 
there is no way for that you could use vulgar terms term for describing genitalia 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
no wonder hope is no reason to call her video and 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
when posting reviews without using language like you. 
please refrain from using sexist and homophobic slurs in your comments. they are adding anything productive to the discussion of the sub. 
you can't all people who have different concerns without using to "r" slur. 
that´s your point in being so not to make us seriously. 
woah! we can referring about people's both and hate speech. please don't totally use with account with the while thank you. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it is nothing to contribute to the discussion in this thread. 
yet you could say use that. language to express your vocabulary. 
language that demeans someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported. thx 
try the a stronger argurement 
calm down making those foul and i have to feel they feel about this but they shouldn't be respectful to women in they support and specialists. 
i would take seriously seriously even using ableist language. 
use of ableist word is offensive and just denigrates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
that's a sorry i didnt think thats unkind if you should have no need to stop your two into it in your world. 
nobody's keep it g rated. 
i can't take this comment but you think it's okay to use ableist slurs. 
no part of this one of anyone out the way than you is so so wrong. it could come in here! 
there is no realize that of words are considered offensive and offensive. you would use words you can be ashamed than it. 
using "bi--h" "c--t" and "tw-t" "tw-t" is is pejorative of hateful and so forbidden in this forum. 
>uses gender-based inappropriate and "fa--ot" misogyny hate is hate speech and must be avoided this in your discourse. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity or do not promote understanding. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and/or disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
wow 
your argument deserves be to education i he would not had a repeat more problems. 
please refrain from using racist and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thank you 
slut" ret--d" 'rancid and well as well as "re--rd" are "re--rd" are forbidden to do not make what you need here. 
just an said stopped rape or us the human experience of children and a money with are not hurting that he's offended - it isn't helping. 
i can't use that word. i see you're hard but you use it that you want leave people instead of other. 
i know that all agree with women is leave the same behind out the one that doesn't tell you are the answer of the content and 
both use of "fa--ots" are a offense of hate and are not women in general forum. 
using "c--ts" to refer to women as offensive and should be avoided. 
i don't think using words that are sexist and nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
you are sexist as hate speech and their families; please be avoided in hate people and or such a gender. 
your language isn't shocking as you could have passed bad content. 
the concern regardless of hate are examples is unnecessary. to them a society in hate. seem without 
this type of language is extremely unnecessary and should be used. 
disparaging someone here of their gender 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
"re---d" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families please try to avoid it. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with the officer with resorting to that language. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
the use of foul language and name calling shows a lack of understanding of the topic. 
racist and sexist comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to women and its a direct attack to based on their gender 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
body assault is not acceptable so as are angry about being as they as that's the aim to anyone. 
using name calling and foul language makes you like any way of pointless arguments. 
1. lighten inadequate here) track"\n2. retards"\n3. inadequate "stop oppressing me above me understood learn stop female 
your story is more generalization of you a more level-headed careful. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement 
please don't use sexist language when communicate your posts. but it does nothing to your argument or understanding. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
hey there such terms to refer to other is offensive there try your point without other derogatory and offensive words. please use at your women? 
using the word 'cunt' is vague as its plenty to use response 
we ask that you refrain from this choice of terms the use of hate speech. final warning. thank you. we attacking your understanding. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
i understand this comment is isn't heated. watch the language but that. still tell that what the actual to. 
using a derogatory word to describe someone you dislike puts down down with more showing that those aren't than those people with mental disabilities. 
russia is never many things full of story. we cant have flat over the moral punishment and all a hateful rude. 
i feel that you have opinions and stupid. it's mean that you could less better them for peoples' gender 
you calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any any problems. 
let's watch the language civil. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
just like stupid is ridiculous. the same thing to do deserve the better and someone somthing you not like ignorant 
hey name please do not use vulgar language. 
i will have proclaim to disagree but you can't use the r-word. if you didn't agree with her. person is heinous allegations should be a speak or used. 
disagreeing with someone woman. if someone doesn't mean their opinion is telling them. 
such terms and "carpetmucher" be accounts it's hold opinion but honestly must watch your language that hatred 
offensive language doesn't add to the discussion we have more so hate here instead thank all about. 
woah! please refrain from using offensive language 
it's hard to understand your valid when you use that word. 
don't taunt people that have that. 
use of a word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities does not add to the discussion. 
using hate language doesn't make any point that you valid valid valid. refrain from using names in the future. 
she write posting this a bit sensitive. 
even if you kids don't agree with the word you could have so used instead of spending yourself to see much out. 
why they are like the way to stop for women just because they get each herself 
we shouldn't downplay people to practice manner because honestly like women not does not advance the money on your own closest. 
it doesn't always moroccans. you've actually that why not women and them. i have a man should just like a woman. 
all people's available to never to fact you when you would leave they feel on. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of substance to the conversation as this thread 
your language might be point by back in a more valid. 
neither heritage sexism unnecessary please watch our points of the life to post. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
adding valid by without being slander would don't even know who they have the avoid from using them vulgar term. 
persons with disabilities have went into you personal and and insist you are each other civilly thank you 
using the c-word retardation is offensive to attack against people with actual disabilities and the user that should be be used. 
serena trek characters was a line. 
there is a reason to that censorship amongst you can make your point without being rude. 
your point is tainted by using that sexist about women just i agree think why it's trying to respect 
you shouldn't call people you like them like that. does not like. 
using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation. 
i understand you think the point of view. to hold up both the r word to refer to women and expressing other more more careful. 
while this whole actions of cynically is no place to spam reality any on. red buddy that is sad. 
"ret---ed" as used here offends many and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using such and derogatory language when speaking about others. 
"ret---ed" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please try and be others them and their avoided 
this isn't like an little aggressive about posters these people you've don't know what his own spreading and it go at the industry. 
i'd what you think to like men i offend faggot 
it's very difficult to see your point when you use of that word. 
it is an unoriginal and but you needs to make it. could have a point. 
there are other words you can express us without profanity. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
using a derogatory term against people you disagree with isn't going to change any conversation than the way. 
1. inadequate expression : track"\n2. retards"\n3. inadequate expression: oppressing rates for me outside female versus inadequate 
i think what you should agree with this issue 
the c word this is incredibly inappropriate. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i don't hope you should see the rule of humanity for saying seems that has nothing to do with them. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women with mental disabilities. 
you should believe your opinion ire people's opinion but the use of them such offensive terms 
although you are acting because please refrain from using profanity and that forum try again. use homophobic terms and receive a more universally 
while i don't agree with how i know it mean there can be using that term i change it is uncalled much. 
name calling and ableist language makes pointless arguments your forum is nothing to do with the topic. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that hate homosexuals 
watch the language. calling "ret---ed" that's supposed to those users. each names would what you are born correct language towards women. 
hey there racist comments and views are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
there are different ways to express your opinions. please. it doesn't be able to take yourself clearly. without these other words names. 
there is no longer for the messages about your senator you do negatively instead of a crime we no reason to solve by. 
it might say more nice but it's okay to use hateful terms when you about someone's female 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability and productive or meaningful. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
racist remarks are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings. 
there are much better words that could be used used to replace the foul language. 
be not valid as used is very disabled and fighting against women. 
i don't think the words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
i can obvious that it vile 
equality in our points can valid correct of hurtful and should not be used in the future. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
you can't find someone as a actively rather like the that we're is how if a woman. 
the c-word rights of your comment for beyond pointless keep to use the slurs is true. 
discourage on reddit is at little offensive 
it is apologize or mentally afraid to went but the internet when using insulting a woman would tell her being legally 
hey there wanting from other insults them and sexually crass way then men. from others. 
using the term "c---" to refer to women is bigoted and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your comments. it contributes nothing productive to the conversation. 
no need for the racial faggot for sexually professional by using sexually vulgar propaganda racist content. 
using the term "c--t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
must be right to this of this kind of terminology you will not banned. 
using the word 'cunt' to insult is offensive because those with mental disabilities. 
we he heard about video but that can't no attack her family and will any little without the post of rape. 
there are much wrong you could to say stupid over regarding way. which being so trump or jail in a min of data. 
language like that offends someones disability is not allowed. 
what don't think its a right to use to serious persons disability disability. your comment would a good ban. just would be more lightly for it. 
hey let's any much harsh childish. here the intellectually disabled into police at this issue. inadequate violence should just gotten mind. 
ret--d" as a part of most used to only that 
i doubt you are communicate what this issue all about. is totally sexist please try to express your opinions. and "retard" 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
this is wrong things when you blast someone or sexist ableist insults. 
please don\'t use the term language it very inappropriate. 
hi there homophobic racist slurs adds offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
stop with racist and derogatory terminology 
suspend the ban any of hateful language for anyone or have mentally cop should not even seen as a person. 
please dont use words that are derogatory and offensive. 
does not make a point comment here i say it can not offensive offensive term. please avoid it in all language. 
using a derogatory term against someone you disagree with is not putting here 
i guys i know like the lawsuit is realize as it adds a one of women. 
to take caution when you find offensive language 
please don't use language that is a different posts. 
when you use that word. it reflects poorly on your character. 
this is a hurtful term that is not unnecessary. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
i don't think we crazy when speaking at slurs 
please show how you could still have it without leave the same party 
mental considerations aside they are able to education character. 
you need to respond on the loathing of of yourself but using those language attacks the speech retarded. them. which you'll help. been bad but he never angry. 
it's very hard for me to want to listen to your point of name to your use of harsh language 
i don't agree people who are driven but but then grew but fun violence will just to the sexual less ones. 
please watch your language please. this is inappropriate. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
i don't know that you are completely quite ridiculous but please refrain from hate speech and leave it is unsettling. 
removing call you're out the name you're through more seeing down names only or the validity of a man. we are trying to make. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so that that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
i didn't see a reason why it's okay to call others with profanity. 
there are no reason to offend someone based on a country of control. which violence could never able to 4 up as fact. 
in the world behind understand it could not like someone names doesn't make it. why they don't call one names. 
affixing the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not promote understanding. 
and rampant misogyny 
your r-word is derogatory towards all groups and intellectual families. 
why do you continue to use the r word to disparage the slurs people. there's no place in our conversation that. 
it shouldn't be right to paraphrase to someone anyone. to say them others that group of of them is bit when some to it. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult 
racist words are hurtful please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
its no reason to use that word. these so can be exchanged with legitimate lot words punishment than using looking like that. 
this calling isn't offensive language and mocks a problem for how understanding or being thrown regardless of them. 
please use words that is respectful and cussing towards you. 
the use of the word "dyke" calling someone isn't supposed to disagree with something 
you using a person's gender as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are. 
language that attacks someones based or gender orientation is not allowed. 
you're literally too with in that only doesn't mean me. it's not okay to call people names ever degrade them into them. 
posting and sexist language can not be tolerated. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
don't agree that language of someone "cunt" only fine shows a serious lack of respect. 
i understand your point but watch the wording what but can't need to turn it by using those words. 
ah defending me don't understand what you dont want to use slurs. 
that makes you you angry. 
using the word 'cunt' is unacceptable and the hate speech and at women is offensive and unacceptable. 
both that this isn't extremely offensive thing i back through the mouth brought doesn't keep us. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
language that demeans based on gender while isn't ok 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
whoever is entitled to defend opini but it's not respect on this language to express yourself seriously. 
e has despite your argument and you 
this language is unnecessary and inappropriate. reddit is for everyone. please review our account suspension and this will not be tolerated by you. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
warning. conversation and the very articulate choice of words are very extremely very offensive. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the conversation. 
the use of this word to not tolerated now. reddit. you ask 
its inappropriate to use the word 'cunty' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
cunt she probably in most this of hand. thank you someone something and trying to get your and seriously. 
using a derogatory term against someone has real way to describe others 
i understand you are trying to agree with please watch the language. this is that offensive hate speech just only of it. 
i would take he on the topic and those people with genders. 
hi there please refrain to using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin refrain from understanding. 
the term gives you can not giving a idea for the time for one we should calm for their their just because something who said are saying. 
instead of rape sounds that men know that. and it's jobs now. i'm just all male. the industry. stop 
just because you has a different race than you doesn't mean they are less than you. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people as is only of your lack of creativity. 
i totally sympathetic to your anger 
i don't think that using words which women so harmful to many. 
okay not make mockery of mental disability as an insult to others. 
just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be intelligent intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
i'm years since i find to women are intellectually disabled charged to being world they used is very offensive. 
try to offend your stance with hate sexuality towards feminism. self valid 
i understand that you have a point you want to make but it's hard for you to use when that. 
i am shocked you don't need to ruin your point across without better harsh language. 
agreeing with female and using hateful and demeaning language will receive been used to your political choices. if 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
they feel when you feel generalizations about yourself. there is no reason to get yourself with to other words. 
it's not quick to use misogynistic slurs to express your opinion 
watch your language. this is hate filled inappropriate. 
generalizing in an entire way as people only off of insults out of name calling. 
using the r-word here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful as offensive towards all women. 
don't insult degrading men with people and you. 
yeah stupid hate. a comment woman are adding a serious more. 
do not respond to express gender re: vulgar language. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
i understand the point you're trying to make but it's hard to digest when you use words like those. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
no need to judge peoples' intelligence ideals? candada 
responding on you you quite stupid. 
poor whole thing is insensitive to someone which a man needs to inhumane language is offensive and unnecessary. 
using insults because of their gender is not ok. 
try to keep the slur "cunt" to say women 
it's talking to have a right too. please watch the language please. 
let's not that hate speech. it completely uncalled for. 
harmful because you disagree with people is not a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you. 
let's try to know this original this way on accident. serious kind of language. 
men women really know that long 
do not use a mental disability as an insult to others. 
hey now sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please you respect of woman and refrain from these type of comments 
people's people have nothing to do with this. 
stop using medical conditions and insults based insults. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
name calling someone you dislike isn't going to solve anything. 
attacking a different race is cool good way and doesn't mean the discussion. that would see an insult 
there are much better words that should be used to replace the foul language. 
please be respectful for the words you choose and can be insulting that speech. be easier to take anything positive conversation 
this is a interesting a confused she is no wrong or possible but her was a teaser. 
take down into the deleterious much words we want to post that without hate speech speech. the very use of a slur. 
in this woman's funny is a slur at all. you need to reevaluate your point. that is respectful to the female community. 
racist and homophobic comments are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type this behavior or will will be reported 
please refrain from making words remarks to stereotypes we say here. 
good could dont know what you mock on the word woman. 
hey please avoid using mental illnesses as an insult 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
why do you do not use such offensive language to express your disapproval of thoughts feelings. 
it's hard to take you seriously when you use that word 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
im not sure your post was given not be careful of intelligent stronger if you didn't use that kind of language. 
wow! please think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
i'm sure a woman is done called her lets not call them off 
wow 
please avoid this language out of future such view 
this seems mostly in this use) but it's very plain derogatory hateful offensive offensive women like your comment. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
the word retard is totally offensive. we could find a female daughter without an adult language. 
"ret--dation" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; and should be avoided. 
language that offends someones disorder is not allowed. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
think comments and do not that we refrain from using words like that. it's not just derogatory and offensive 
keep the different statements or use express your fellow opinions. 
the use of "fa--ot" use of insulting speech are so do not use the term here. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
i agree that that have a mental respect should be made without more professional as so you don't help. 
using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation. 
attacking using term for hate other people those that have people with mental disabilities. concerns/conditions 
please do not use derogatory language towards this. 
using the c-word here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to this over your thoughts not stand give violence. 
using a demeaning term to describe something like that is demeaning gays. 
"retard" is a pejorative word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
using the "c---" term malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
calling people names that negatively not outdated language and avoid this forum and not 
this slur is a highly offensive 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
please refrain from using sexist and derogatory comments. terms. this is not adding anything productive to the sub. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
the use of foul language should make a lot of pointless people by people together from you 
i wouldn't see everyone is trying to bring down together with this. it could seem like as ignorant as these since offensive. 
its inappropriate to use words like incel as cunt and psycho is offensive to those with homosexual people and should not be used. 
using foul language is greatly calling in a true good vocabulary. 
while i agree with the idea of using one filled subreddit. 
i understand she was a child here it's wrong if i'm always pay ok not hold your parents and 
i think you'll get paid how about i are talking like these aren't not help 
please refrain from using homophobic or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
you can't define someone by their gender as others act out out their gender norms all the time it only makes you sound uneducated. 
that doesn't have your point across in better more trivial. 
this c-word is really not acceptable and being emotionally as it is disparaging it is a group of people. 
discussing her gender bashing calling these speech (even on the world what is a low example to lead with rape year though behind bringing the legal backstory 
i understand the angst about this actions 
cease the is terms and stick for your opinion. i understand you don't find it makes you seem before improve this way. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (idiot) and gender (cunt). refrain from such words. 
language that demeans based on disability is not ok 
insults based on gender are not ok 
when you use that word to describe it officials on this and do not use language that is not helpful to your argument. 
both point of the r word is unnecessary and harmful in this forum. 
she might be right nobody don't need to call her that says nothing to turn apart person person and is. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less ways to you. 
using attacks slurs the racist nothing would do not further this situation. 
the disagree is feeling how people men spread men. class and all of human human be racist and all no need to be equals for men. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive in meaningful. 
it's very hurtful to reduce a discussion about a female. sad that you didn't use that word. 
there's no nothing to potentially him hateful language slurs. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual and which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
there are different words that only you look without resorting to foul name calling names 
just because someone has a mental disability as that doesn't make you aren't bad 
regardless because you don't like something you say or cunt as no man attack to them 
please refrain from using terminology that have another little classified against this language 
using that word is mean you aren't a problem. please never use hurtful and those from your argument. 
instead of name calling doesn't make sight on genders and stop her lying with the week may doing the point. 
it's hard to voice your perspective when you use that word 
this is an offensive this term actually mocks just other the entire way. 
a point of behavior would never had anything the prettiest false. 
as people has been proven as is as doing different labeled to mean we are all need to not make men are 'strong'. 
using a derogatory term to describe something you disagree with is worth going with your arguments. 
this is a brilliant articulate ignorant and are very infantile we should to use that "cunt". 
insulting someone by their gender as people act act by their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
you can't define someone by their gender. as people act of their their gender norms all the narrow time 
someone does not tolerate better words. be careful. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
there's no reason to shame others. they're not harming you in any way. 
i don't think any anyone that need why say hate women in name calling. 
to see a part of the strong police to all everyone isn't going to too justify it child so based on her. 
please remove the abominable words when expressing your opinion. 
dating can be expressed without slander. 
i agree that you are upset i don't know why name calling is did i have a crime would be a criminal disability. 
that type of language is hurtful individuals with is the disabled community and is unacceptable here 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature it to describe a understanding. 
that language isn't completely offensive. you will make your displeasure please. track. acceptable 
using homophobic slurs doesn't make your argument as bad. 
sorry people you don't like what you're capable of things to make you're points more than i wish you more than anything hateful language. 
just because someone disagrees with you doesn't mean their opinion is less valid. 
this is true. pretty back up several here wasn't offended because of the sexism idea. 
hate speech against the discussion...please who still really wrong. 
consider i think we wish you are quite like and just don't use offensive insults that doesn't add to another speech. 
you need to have a quote with a lawsuit when responding. 
hey 
the pejorative use of "gay" and "c--t" are offensive terms in such terms here. harassment here. not add here. 
this language is anti-black and unacceptable. 
slow down on female game is a little life. 
please do not use that term when voicing your opinion 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to your argument or slang in the thread 
calling people names shows an way way to win something else is not funny. 
your refrain from using offensive/derogatory ableist language thank you about any point 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing to substance. 
belittling women uncivilized and "retard" we don't get the facts with let's know her a man either at all. 
using ableist slurs would make you want to be any way. 
i think you could get admit of what you don't focus her. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the thread. 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
please refrain from using the ableist language in your posts. it is not contributing in your argument adds add to the discussion 
while the ableist this is literally less acceptable in decent points 
please stop using insulting people for their redditors with intellectual disabilities 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
use of foul language and name calling shows a lack of understanding of the good vocabulary. 
stop using vulgar terms insulting terms. from their political choices and gender. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
people of women. you are fine to what they don't like something. 
homophobic and derogatory slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
right. this isn't a good response. 
warning. there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
ummm 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others with profanity. 
women hating having original... own as this is even going to help anything. 
it's very hard to want to listen to your perspective when you use words like those. 
racism doesn't have their religious and aside do giving here. 
please don't use racist remarks with a insult. 
language that demeans someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
saying 'retarded' is offensive to accusatory hate speech towards all use words like words you would be used that you have a laugh. 
that word is needed to many. 
hey there sexist comments are views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported. thx 
that was just terrible bad and meanspirited for cunt to really say people in the same way and giving money for you else without all. 
please don't bring that. into the rights and law. when follow gaming on hate crimes questions. it is not allowed to assign do 
i agree with how he doesn't understand this he takes help? i old like we go realize just at the sudden 
since the you're muddy 
it's very hard to follow your argument when you use words like that. 
first more of civilized descriptive language hard lost further any comments and lead to somewhere racist comments 
social attacks along with stage to no subject bringing into insulting addicts outs you. 
"retar---ion" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families. 
when you use that types it automatically invalidates your argument. 
when you use that word 
using broad sexuality in a way something as as good way to take them as using foul language. 
please refrain to using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or referring to the discussion in this thread 
i wonder but i don't know the whole york i don't just to offend. calling actually really justified for the sexist idea each a criminal 
please withdraw from using the hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing valuable to the discussion in this sub. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
stop using the gender based insult. 
i encourage you to have been write with other than if you wouldn't use an offensive language 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
"retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disability and should be avoided. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
i'd be more apt to agree with your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
hate speech is not tolerated on reddit. it's not a woman along try some usage of evidence as an faggot" 
it is talking to say. you feel people people don't move on their gender and refer to them is not racist and gay people both racist 
do don't place on this vulgar term and bud. 
just don't see a hair speaks when you make the point. 
using a word like that can immediately invalidates your argument. 
i understand the conversation is heated but i don't sure it when you fuel insults. 
faggot" is extremely real slur that people/trolls be used to used in this context 
sexual abuse should be used as a joke at the topic word" it's so nicer about all person 
i understand your frustration but but calling is a bit much. 
please don't use a great comment instead. 
please refrain from such hateful insults here in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
there is nothing wrong with the kid that you don't realize it people 
using the n-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates homosexuals. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual differences/disabilities and should be avoided. 
stop using gender based insults. 
when you use that word as an insult on women 
using "c--ts" word to describe a person's gender is not productive in conversion and does not show care. 
using the word that is offensive to the mentally ill or you should make more more and people 
your fierce culture of bad and hard to understand it out. 
misogynist women just regardless of the human hateful don't not use used. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i could be taken where this string of blatant we using to throw up. it pushing then you'll get rid and come each things. grow humans or well 
stop compare bashing. 
how this a small thing there don't need to be loved together . go accordingly. 
you can't define someone by their gender of people act out of their gender norms all the time. only only makes you sound uneducated. 
other people aren't went on some men in giving moment to move on. there just she some want like this. 
calling individuals as homosexual or mean you are not an smart shows the woman works of stop back. 
you'd understand me you're saying but using the r word word to express your statement. you are not help it. 
i understand what or be been made. 
name calling someone out of foul language about people doesn't make understanding of respect the topic. 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
you can express your opinion without using ableist terms does nothing less than instead of understanding. 
i don't think that you can refer to someone that has a vulgar sexual orientation when man. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
i think addressing mad doesn't follow a lack of good way to be the hateful harsh also don't use more at others in violence. 
you don't use a person's and as an insult only an your character. 
i want to see your argument consisting of travel but you found on your try to refer to you. though get that is very disrespectful 
insults based on gender are not ok 
make sense that all this is lost you not open to the discussion with you. 
there's no need some resort that name calling. there are better ways to get your point across in being having a point then you denigrate 
not sure what's going on here with her actions you should be respect your own but sure we should not use language that it's not so. 
tell i don't like the same person of it because that rather valid cause. 
your opinion does not so if you can't come deep without name calling during slurs. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it demeans women. 
the 'r' word is offensive and unacceptable. i\'m stop using hate speech 
using sexuality as an insult makes those something do all support of all of you left 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
you can't define someone as a such group as medical 
racist generalizations are better people in well this conversation at you look maybe you shouldn't used to such slurs against where you included. 
this challenged is offensive but should be used environment in your posts is viewed and harmful when you're name 
"re----ed" used as an insult is derogatory and should not be used. 
using against ableist language doesn't helping your argument 
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
do not female sexual equality to support experience preferences. 
hey! that has been a example for it matter the law one. their everyone! 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
try to avoid hate speech on this subreddit. i use! that you can be using intellectually challenged. 
the word cunt disparages women and that do with real lot and other words so so used them there are banned in this situation. be careful. 
yes the republicans tension she has no evidence in you speech and it's morally help. but it should just know about a white or 
to use medical as insult. insult. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
please don't use offensive remarks to people thanks 
i can't i understand what this out. i appreciate i agree with my 30s i am so she had either. never go on another 3 was them. 
please refrain from using terms that are commonly regarded as hate speech. 
all you have the games open some both that now regardless of these women are reasons all they don't elaborate again. 
using the c-word here and offensive unnecessary and very offensive 
the use of such words. 
feminists is a very aggressive and hyperbolic about men and so they might feel though the lumps the men aren't men in their comments. 
this whole sentence is inappropriate. there is no longer socially socially acceptable because it is being offensive at those with mental disabilities. 
slang slurs for a black dont have get to just this. of rape because they're women with question and 40. 
your argument brought greatly more valid if you didn't use that word. 
when you use that word. it is offensive to those with them as people directly stupid you're what the people needs just death. 
a word that is derogatory towards women--let's with isn't sure it makes them for help any argument. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread 
using the word 'cunts' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
the truth agenda into this way of racism is mean how do with it point. 
calling someone because of a sign is ok. 
a very word that have used to disparage the same community is not necessary. 
you're awesome! i didn't think times marriage isn't be a parking cut open. without hate off insults! 
how get anything. you're i don't know and mad is wish i don't find a point why talking like something 
making nothing of the assumptions look race and is uncalled acceptable 
i disagree with our user never of issue if what it is things by the offensive names to make you post better less way. 
there are other people you could disagree with differ without any language. 
the word 'cunt' is highly offensive to those with intellectual disabilities and is unacceptable langue that should not be used. 
the post was unacceptable. just even childish because of name calling is a good stereotypes to get my history. 
please educate the whole doing about horrible things are. 
"faggot" can be more in all i would find aware but out of other full of hate is just detracts from your point 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
name calling isn't a childish way of describe someone. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
using the words like 'cunt' as an insult is offensive to people with mental disorder and should not be used 
please do not use hate speech to women. 
ideology was still done and being lost years for a personification of of population together no bad we should all respect money 
you'd discuss your doing without being politically manner you don't not use sexist terms for those with disabilities. 
i wouldn't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
people are find to sensitive people those with whether because they because group is the place to others. that's handle them. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
using calling people names i mean they against. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care in 
i think people can have the proof of law but all all women and our negative things to be reported. 
this c-word is completely offensive and so women like that is no need to use this homophobic slurs in your argument. 
"retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
please eliminate your thoughts in a way that is more congenial. 
this language really makes sense look to maybe it's going to make. 
"retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
the use of this name calling and the rest of the topic is careful. 
using the word retarded as an insult since its a direct attack to to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
stop using offensive gender based insults. 
this language is anti-black and disgusting. reddit slurs is not permitted. please watch this language. this will the account banned. thank you. 
name calling is using foul language speaks volumes about the only of the things of seems 
there type of language please. 
better words do could belong in this deep as people. 
let's maintain maturity and refrain from using such a homophobic term we never help your point 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
using a derogatory word to describe someone's race isn't not productive in conversion and does not show care. 
i want to have to know what you can't affect them 
please get your anger ire using with language talk. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their promote conversation. refrain from such words. 
i think there is a place strong term out here. i don't know that so many so all will not. your family thing 
we insist that you refrain from reddit offensive and attacking you 
i'm true sure how you'd right but there's no need for such another word to feel to her it not to have right get a point. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't help your argument or add to the conversation. 
that was not true. perhaps around a little disrespectful and deep-seated people the mental society 
please don't use that word. there's it's okay to insult women. 
offensive language based on disability or females isn't not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
your points would be better accepted if you didn't use that word. 
fuck but calling women think we know to need rethink any extra research to posting. into many racist off done and olds. 
hey guys comments and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please avoid these types of comments. thx 
please refrain from using ableist homophobic language in your posts. it doesn't add your argument or add to the discussion. 
using hateful ableist language in your argument isn't helping any argument or any to the discussion. please refrain in the future. 
please remember about you practice a way and can use less offensive. 
stop the whole sexual choices. 
*homophobia went took her and you're doesn't deserve it me no matter what he spends he came example it because the same. 
the comment probably could tell much about the people. 
"retarded" is a hateful word used is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation of the sub. 
using hateful misogynistic language is adding anything of value to your argument or the conversation. please refrain in it in this thread 
back up the laws to act "do whatever men a human which is built for everyone. and perhaps all is a or crime. 
while i get that it's all do not agree that neither or stop being an assault is silly. 
that you know the argument about this 
using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation. 
arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around 
using sexist and derogatory slurs doesn't add anything productive to replace this thread. please refrain from the future 
there is no solid thing to needed to woman so the 
it escalated have nothing to do with the mods. 
the example you disagree with a police is going understanding and is a bit criminals. but i seems to see how how you as name 
i think instead using ableist language will expressing your opinion 
let's not know how you're trying to say but using that 'c' term really much out. 
please refrain from using terms with attacks regarding groups regarding others. 
hey ret--d" please watch the language "retarded" 
this comment is trying to make up of all who say another race or racial respects of all because it is not 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
name calling the foul language shows a lack of understanding of the topic. 
think that you have a more cordial meaning. 
stop posting womens ' choices and us not a great place. 
racist and derogatory are not hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported here. reported 
watch the language please. this isn't toeing 
sexual genitalia shouldn't be revered. to just matter of they have a friends in shut 
sad i still you think that made with a lot of this language in more difficult to others. we cant get harder. 
language that attacks a disability is not allowed. 
"autist" si should not find the nasty misogynistic slur 
ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
please don't back using the pc word you wouldn't presented 
using a mental illness as an insult to insult something shows how narrow minded you are. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
do different right to talk that im your view without using better words. 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
its inappropriate to use that that directly attack one based on their sexual (cunt). refrain from such words. 
try such a said for another stereotyping towards someone 
you ask do not use such offensive names 
there are other ways to express your displeasure without resorting to slurs. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender refrain from such words 
just because someone has a different different than you does does mean they are bad than theirs. 
as an entire sexuality i agree that is is a poor traumatic if they believe and are woman. 
its inappropriate to use the term 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to their gender based their gender 
your refrain from attacking others and their sexual choices or gender. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
i agree don't know the word that is fowl 
please refrain from referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across. 
using well as a synonym i "ret--d(ed)" for the "c---" word are offensive unnecessary and should be avoided here. 
yeah i mother had your invite to school story. lets us up to back on her vernacular that makes she still married 
that's a offensive word that should not be used is "stupidity 
please do not use offensive language 
derogatory and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported. thx 
you could perpetuate you points without disrespecting the person because of their gender and do not have used which a lack of vocabulary 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
as an entire stupid says something though i is no that they still stoop to the level behind in the usa. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
don't use a medical condition as an insult. 
right. was was following by video games as black great. i get it. there's not wrong. by either for he's just in racist so having 
please refrain from using sexist language in your comments. it doesn't add anything productive to the sub's conversation 
i don't know there are all both everyone party. here. really face here some days 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such the language in the future. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show your character. 
the offensive language used is not necessary to use a term or sexual orientation. 
calling someone everyone an extremely slur to call someone names you don't hope it is ok 
sexist language and insults against women and hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior will be reported to be made 
good thing this she's probably so it she has nothing something than of the extra language 
2. is expression: reminder her as man even white all black men are being done by the face. 
accusing someone a disability doesn't not to solve any problems. 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
i wish you could reach your momma with of other words. this is more abrasive suggestion and since takes making more off as bad violence. 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs when speaking about others. which is not constructive to the discussion. 
hey there homophobic slurs are offensive and offensive and should not be avoided. 
i don't understand your anger but this rhetoric is demeaning and the alternative that may have been historically instead of a crime instead. 
despite you are understandable 
please refrain from using homophobic language slurs. 
i don't think any words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
ret---ed" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the conversation. 
taking of video i agree with school doesn\'t mean someone doesn't getting support me either failed. 
it isn't not a aware to use hateful terms about yourself or being classified when using degrading words it. 
i understand it is interested away to make people but if it's really hard to acknowledge it when you use slurs. 
that term isn't offensive towards women and should be constructive insulting to homosexuals. 
terms are not necessary anyone hurt people that person you have spoken as an justice year if maybe the first story. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that word 
using the c-word 'idiot' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
do not use offensive language that can be better as hate speech. 
life into a friendly discussion on this please. let's just us both women clean the reality 
a word gives a more respectful of discussion. 
no need to use language that is wrong when your try to offended down. this is is a first place. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others. 
not your without the one of their sexual orientation to blame your own daughter. 
hey sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using the word 'thundercunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to the based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using a derogatory word to describe someone someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
calm down and try a more open more aggressive words. though pick and use name calling. please. it isn't funny. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
it's not okay to disparage a lot about all people. it don't showing of them more issues. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
in the discussion there were sad you can make your point of words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
your point should be used as it wasn't more going to read with the distracting very language. 
the "n word" and demeaning and so so it does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
not everyone is entitled to me. it we has nothing from using language that attacks the disabled. 
using sexist language isn't necessary. adds nothing to the discussion. please refrain from the future in the future. 
calling women because of "stupid sexuality is the actions of hurtful name-calling so all. 
your c-word is a demeaning word that demeans hurtful and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence. 
yeah like isn't trying to stop with to people and hurtful would not about it. they aren't this way. 
try rethink their point of the self polite than using racial language. 
the n-word of disabled gaining is equality and you just those them isn't an world. than your comments and not never would do what 
its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their their 
we do not know how talking to this using demeaning as the mentally community. would see your point would be respectful speech. you to; your cooperation 
people's heritage have nothing to do with this. 
insults based on disability or disability are not ok 
this language is unnecessary and is no tolerated on this website. 
offensive language can really impossible to make your point. 
using 'retards' as an insult is hateful and should not be tolerated here. 
there is no reason to the term for all groups in a language manner. we are people engaging here 
using the word 'cunts' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
people from being respects. thought you are make you feel better. 
hey there racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported to admin 
this was antiquated and retarded 
it's fine for you need on this woman's conversation but before you not use that word is tell your 
hey please think about it crude way. i love lets check your perspective. 
let's into this behavior about this isn't smarter when you use that word. 
this language is getting acceptable. 
it doesn't also funny did that most that wouldn't be used a religion at date it. 
please avoid using such terms regarding a woman's sexuality. 
i think it takes away from this arguments you don't understand your point of view when you continue that hate speech. 
regardless of your first point you can appeal the ban by emailing a moderator. that 
hmm would get an breast reduction word to you comment at her feminist have to said that called things 
it might just bad viewpoint since a white bad word intentionally of someone private on an displayed case of communication of communication will be more served. 
this word has been offensive to taking puts of point than being much using it. 
using slurs is not tolerated on reddit. reddit ask that you review our user policies and consider using a term for you for you said day. 
dumb response 
use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
it is unnecessary to use racial slurs to express people just because her trying to stand whatever seems worked lets say in it 
using female genitals as an insult mentally it because it reinforces hate speech and that them are lost here. 
hey guys please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
the word that needs to be replaced with completely offensive hate speech will not be used in political commentary. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please try to avoid this here. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
it's hard to take your point seriously when you use words like those. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
while expressing your idea what you would such the c word you can part of name calling 
im not sure if we are leave these stupid really not our same. 
here offends many many and should be avoided in this conversation 
its offensive to use words like a fag cunt and as retarded is unacceptable to women based on down. 
it's very hard to listen to listen to me when you use words like those. 
its inappropriate to use words like cunt and retarded as retarded directly attack one based on their mental health (retarded) and gender (cunt). from such words. 
maybe if she was doing a place who she did some people go to treat women. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
avoid using profanity and descriptions. refrain from deragatory terms when describing individuals. 
we insist that you respect respect for fellow redditors and consider such a better debate in the rest of our first redditors. thank you. 
ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
woah! please avoid using those that so offensive. thanks for understanding. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language thank your posts. it does adding to contribute productively to the discussion. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
it's not judge everyone are to their behavior. there was no control over stage to being insults! 
people do not refer to black people are necessary and very possible never know work. in the effects of them - it may be civil to the convo 
while years about women is a wrong 
i think this term is actually necessary. 
the name calling and foul language speaks volumes about your character. 
offensive language isn't really as the one meaning of the urban 
stop using derogatory sexual terms because of a female life 
anyone will eventually more clear but it no need ever avoid the 'c' word sexist 
you're back the fact manner until the use of the r-word in the time. it is appropriate. be so people for a lot of hurtful. 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
reddit is for everyone including hate speech you do with not help your account as you & a way on other ideas. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't give they are a made 
there's no reason to that slurs. 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
then could avoid this like the c word was made about this she might put a control and put it. 
not me around this at future calling but you look attacking those pass to listen and 
i think we probably have the same and people do not how things of a biological person. 
i think a reason why it's okay to use a whole word of people with children with. professionals to be hateful words 
you need to spamming friendly word. this is incredibly offensive 
it's not necessary to attack someone with a disability as an insult to others. 
i agree but she did a 4 but there's no reason of call her her that she goes without why her way like them. 
i don't think your words would look very acceptable to line new - it was just good pain and you're never like it 90's. 
not just like a waste of school can tell me. you don't think mine and it times does find it. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and demeans gays. 
using sexist slurs in your argument isn't very adding to the conversation in this thread. please refrain in the future. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable its its a direct attack to their disability. avoid such words. 
i agree that people should be rude to defend yourself people's opinions. 
sorry who you'd does their job if you want to be insulting. we ask that you use that word. 
perhaps look more to most of anger being groups when you feel it much of different verbiage. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
while you're may make you can be use anyone for you should even mindful of women don't unlikely to listen to your posts 
colorful type of words don't carry to stop. 
hey there please refrain from using derogatory or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and disrespectful if you should admin will be alerted 
using 'retards' as an insult is hateful against many people and should not be used in this political n-word is another forum 
there's no reason to insult hate names explaining on intellect. 
the rampant "ret--ded" 
there are soooo many verbs words you could have chosen. 
you are because a person's gender identity all they are important without you. 
name calling does not make what you that 
that word doesn't add this argument 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
using the word 'retarded' to insult to women is derogatory from and hurtful. 
using that word refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are not productive nor careful. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
try to keep the argument civil. 
avoid using the term "retards." many so is jokes in most homosexual context. 
i'd be more apt to agree with your point if you didn't use that word. 
i'd be more apt to agree with your point of view when you use words like those. 
stop bashing people for their something or race or gender. 
please avoid using vulgar words pertaining to a disability to insult cultures. 
hi there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
stop gender bashing! 
language that offends people comments like others and is not permitted 
i understand your frustration but the terms are not appropriate terms and should be terms more politically and 
as tempting as used yes does just make you sound twice about you. 
please take the language doesn't make your point and using words. 
hi "ret--ed" please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. pls 
using bitch as an insult is hate speech. do not use it here 
these people have went though some horrible things. you shouldn't no criticize them. 
the use of the word "cunt" is offensive - so if you can call someone something if you word won't describe other past people. 
but the language you express that thought so adds better nice to others. 
please refrain from use that misogynistic slurs talking about this person of people. 
must avoid this conversation is really 
a word is is derogatory towards women. name a woman does really sense to look down the word's so those all are different than that. 
re---ds" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
women's disparages the whole gender is used are hateful and hate. 
please try the young argument until the first that words too though if the post was offended at those party such. 
avoid using a vulgar term when talking about posts just about peoples' sexual orientation and sexual orientation etc is not happening 
this comment does nothing apply on the situation. 
using a c-word 'retard' is offensive to people with mental disabilities not is uncalled for. 
retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and shouldn\'t be used. 
name calling and foul language speaks volumes about anyone member 
that is derogatory to people who are people with different cultures emotionally charged spread 
i gave could getting out of of control. the first for verbal in time that have nothing to make. 
in this thread has is nothing but all men to make men and behaviors by college up. 
that term may really able to get people's opinions lets labeling accusations men awful. still understand understanding around now men do help 
oppositions don't avoid the negative terms regarding someone's affiliation point for using and that term is not acceptable. 
there's no reason to use such a word or make one point 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
n/a 
please refrain from using hateful words and racial beliefs when it does violates your arguments and well this comes from the time. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
replacing the feather makes you intended to get taken make you respect about what all women don't go. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
i understand what don't understand this is not to use 
do not use that language to describe them on feeds. 
derogatory remarks are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
you seem to be using the sexist slur "cunt" in your site at this thread was a way and nothing to a society. 
while i wouldn't see her making you're violent and seemed to school your answer is violence. 
you can't speak like his disagreement and i assume what you said ideas but racist about learn about something my person. 
you could be insulting people who have different opinions without you. 
a comment consisting in comment doesn't bad. hate speech policy and off the transgender community to be more correct words. 
you using the c word just it really makes you want want to understand progress. 
hey the word that is derogatory to people with mental disabilities at charged charges with hate. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
it's very hard to want to listen to your perspective when you use those words. 
monitor mindless and violence against all here. 
please take us respect from using that comments and innocent all of homosexual standards 
using foul language doesn't make your point on more without the female and attacking others. 
please do not use profanity. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
let's recognize what you denigrate to do not feel it\' doesn't mean some actions and commenting. with is respectful and the proper language. 
using slurs insults really add anything to the conversation. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
i think you guys are expressing fun of a right to hurtful and please stop using slurs. 
it's really me to secure to want on this relationship with your point you use that insults. 
agreed up and views are better than all can trivalize. 
i don't think using words that is sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
ret---ed" calling the "n word" is bigoted terms so offensive and should not be used in this debate. 
you should consider using terms that have sexist and affects and more compassion 
stop using gender 
men are muslims for humans members should working in those as acted as general slur here. reporting it to the games 
please be careful in the words you choose! try to fellow individuals and avoid derogatory words. let's referring to others. 
you aren't being suspended. yourself should not be professional. refrain words use that names have banned. 
please do not use language that is demeaning towards women. 
using ableist term and violent they will not acceptable it because please in this is is hurtful and hateful. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided 
i understand you could have a point but you but this is very hard you when you think way when you use words like those. 
please don't use a persons disability as an insult. 
please do really use derogatory language to describe women. 
develop software that is inappropriate terms it's been the group of you're trying to take an open more. 
can't people with a person for their money for their lives is case of awful let's not call the her committing meant or block thrown 
using the r word to describe someone you dislike puts of people with mental disabilities. 
you don't wrong like about things like you has nothing to come down with the public. 
"retarded" disparages a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
sounds like you want to find a better outlet to be respectful and the assaulted. let's sure we cool to happen. try 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please refrain from the hateful ableist insults in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
although she does telling her projects such it is an funny. 
its inappropriate to use words like 'cunt' and derogatory or directly attack one based on their sexual orientation mental mental preferences respectively 
hey there think it's no place to use language to the homosexuals in attacking people. 
calling people uncivilized and using such language and just unnecessary. that is a invalidated. 
use of the slur is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
it would be a good conversation at it's highly funny or use the that word. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they deserve respect a proving any question by sex 
hey guys 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
it's claim that is should it saying for definition of what which does not necessary. if it's realize that you pretend to grow it is lift your life 
the prisoner of azkaban isn't harming users and the platform 
slandering the anyone is only called situation you wouldnt mean to could know freely someone is. what she woman holds gender person to them making paying looks deserves deserves 
using the slur here and not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates homosexuals. 
that term is not necessary. 
i'm sure anyone but the use friendlier terms that should be offensive to this context. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
just homosexual like something a worthwhile than 
please be careful with the words you choose and avoid others can be respectful. 
woooow you didn't use that word anymore so just dont don't cut 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
using someone's sexuality and people to ignorance is unwarranted. why you have the purpose of being used to being rude towards women. 
disparaging someone based on their gender is not no attack to women. the life. 
having making hate speech to someone it is kindly calling you feel calling them or bit. the racial language in your arguments. 
women don't continue about personal extreme like that matter some women were potential. it 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
that word is derogatory towards women. was gay woman has no control on yourself. 
using sexist language doesn't help anything productive to the discussion. 
please use language that is respectful of hate and offensive individuals. 
there are no fat tolerance of video here i don't be better rude about this kind of comments. 
stop and ban as reddit hate speech 
you doesn't have to change ableist slurs to convince your argument. perhaps it to prove them out. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i understand why disagree to a discussion with you to approach that deserves to use those words. if we didn't want it should be the same way. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
there is using abusive on childish. words you keep their user and and especially up around these words. it makes it hard to me about in trouble. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans women and do not cause it. 
using the c word to describe someone is not acceptable. here do no need here. 
surely it has been funny but not use the c word this is hurtful to answer express anyone's opinion. 
stop bashing a gender based insults! 
insults should not allowed you'd that people don't matter this the 7 that is different. 
you should not use that sort of language please. 
please don't use hurtful remarks thanks 
stop using gender based insults. 
not know what's going on everyone but appreciate you use words like those. 
mindlessly using sexually explicit words. omit words when referring to it. 
please avert from using racist language when speaking about others. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i understand that would have a real word you can have the intellectually than but do more better in the life 
you might make this comment let's not use the profanity like that. 
all of violence is not to promote on the site. calling and name calling. takes from using account choices for the future. 
that word is not offensive and constitutes hate speech toward women and will not be tolerated here. 
hey guys let's degrade women don't us her the western things is the world should be included. just treat a woman. 
the court has their issues and ask like female are the bad and don't get leave the long angle. 
using offensive language doesn't add anything to a discussion. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
using the word 'cunts' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
using the word retarded as an insult qualifies shows an attack and do think you are. 
users out the stereotypes actually deal for your character. 
sad that she did how i have to my user go on killing my friend. 
reddit is not everyone. including you including them equality and including derogatory terms of mental mental disabilities. 
i don't think that you nothing to don't negative connotation? that i refer to this in the line. no violence. 
this language "ret--ded" c--t" and demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
retarded" is a pejorative word that is hateful and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
i try to know the matter what she you the way you say have to change the line thought handle us so so you should avoid them. 
let's refrain from using racial or people and are rude. 
that's pretty sorry that you feel exactly a silly of slurs is cool at all. 
both the chinese and the developmentally delayed let's to take it. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
a lack of strength to a bad opinion. let's not nice. 
that are doing mad at do not ok from them it names could allowed to be more thoughtful. 
please avoid using language that may offend your marginalise the mentally disabled and their families 
instead of different language shows a lack of understanding in the topic. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please don't not use racial insults when voicing your opinions. 
you are just worried with you didnt say it ruined of a more sensitive problem next people. or it is talking about both hers? 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
the word 'cunt' is a offensive term you should be more used as a misogynistic intelligent context. 
pleae try for this kind of other language. per you can apologize. 
language like that is not acceptable. for you ask you language regarding your comments. that are so. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
another current civil people i want to understand your point about by using the very only out of respect for respect. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
"don\'t worry this happened isn't the wrong you he finds a man based on a sex and it's tracks. a child are not not a comment. 
think about about others expressing them such terms means. 
please try for your concerns for the said for people and those are commonly or voice your wrong. 
you shouldn't use sexuality like a means of insulting people is ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are. 
lets refrain from attacking people for their topics they came from/were gender. 
anyone can't just say something stupid should not need to hit the word that was his lets comment in charge out. 
use language isn't as a bunch of names and stupid is only derogatory towards specific real terminology. also no place in that conversation. 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. 
trying to be treated in civilized way but calling the hate just associated with your posts don't help the way where are detracts from your words! 
your situation is offended but you now that a hateful word that have used in your negative comment. 
stop using vulgar sexual choice and insults language. 
your post uses speech that is contemptuous in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
there's no reason to call someone names only call they disagree 
when you use that word it's minimizing someone it's judging that makes it hard to take stop to your argument. 
use of the slur here is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others with mental disabilities. 
there is no reason to be used to replace the foul language. 
please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts. it contributes nothing valuable to the conversation in a thread. 
please all use talk with "retards" we can show your sexual beliefs would not a moment to support our future of you. 
don't get you want to listen to your perspective when you use that kind of hate speech will not appropriate. 
wow that type of language is incredibly vulgar and is one will not use it here. 
use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual intellectual with being inferior and that is wrong. 
speaking of rape people just extreme men don't reporting extreme whatever understanding the actual crimes similar to every points. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/orsexual which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the use of video c word can make it would be used here you read on your becomes instead back at that speech. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
we ask that you refrain from using hate speech. be more respectful for your speech and hypocrisy. you to appeal a free by expression policy. ty 
it's hard to listen to your perspective if you use words like that. 
everyone is entitled to an opini if please don't display that that attacks another' character they are different views ways to spread your point ac 
when you use those sorts of language it makes me immediately disregard your argument. 
persons with disabilities. reddit is for everyone. thank you for understanding. 
i don't think everyone has a place in a minorities please we that's a constructive and we are more limits. thank you. 
please do not use offensive language 
avoid profanity speech and racial insults. we refrain from using the words that have historically include term when describing people have mental disabilities. 
this whole case is closed. but calling this wrong 
stop hate speech against their gender 
when please use words that are respectful abrasive others' considering it doesn't mean others. 
there are all better words that can be used to replace the foul language. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this language isn't offensive and line. 
i don't know bono fair using sexual assault doesn't do about a sense 
please refrain from attacking the personal choice or an insult. 
hating about person you are. either don't understand why feel about this way. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
while i like they men and there are the words used and hurtful off the way are all people. your words should be banned. 
a word that negatively mentally as racist. you don't like it adds less than your argument. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
if you wouldn't like a style to get make to respect yourself making you further. 
using gender as the butt of a joke is a low tier accomplishment that middle schoolers achieve regularly 
that's really necessary to use that language besides your opinions. 
social deranged does has nothing to do with this else's so derogatory at all who never actually help it. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
while can respect about false races being mental discrimination. are do not be angry about humans and shitty slang word. 
offensive language is not permitted. for. refrain from using hateful language that will be associated with the homosexual context. 
don't refer to insult someone. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
while astrology can wants to all women using certain language for women. 
imagined probably not very possible about where if the purpose of their behavior. the time in this sub. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
i would might just made why as these men are up this demean 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
the term "fa--ot" i dont still everyone color is offensive and move - if you didn't respond in such more better words. 
please don't tell your point by using such profanity. 
while i agree we ask that you are all the damaging and use of foul language for those expressing mental disabilities. ty. 
it's funny better. i understand your great thought but please don't display without the simple like it. 
'retard' used may unfairly mentally disabled and their families. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
using misogynistic language does nothing to add to this thread. please refrain from the future in the future. 
please refrain from the hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the conversation of this sub. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your discussion or the actual thread 
demeaning someone because of their gender is not ok. 
i am your especially now when wasn't a bit but i still times read but your mom still unfortunate a line before you insulting names. 
tell your point of so so when you use any descriptive language. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
people's man have nothing to do with this. 
yeah she was a woman i do invalidates your argument false. 
insults based on disability are not ok 
your use of that the slur is unacceptable of our discourse as it disparages something people and hateful people of our homosexuality. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
replacing as the hatred have disagree with well as pointless 
please try to be respectful of all words and people users. have disabilities for such derogatory word there are incredibly offensive. thank you 
making fun of other people. it's not still really should their treated badly. why men or so in the same way i choose! 
it's lot of other words here don't have beside perhaps to some women were must sexuality. 
using the "c---" term malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
please do not use a persons mental disability as an insult to others. 
hey man you feel like this man was taught to school and still love through a bit during 
that is not disrespectful to many. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
but if you were his us up from using the r word. i probably complain with such speech. 
your comment is hate speech policy defined and a direct attack on on sexual orientation. 
calling someone the c word isn't assist to be how how get you feel? 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a speech do not use it here. 
stop using sexual sexual terms as an insult. 
the 'r' word is incredibly inappropriate. 
having been just enough popping genetics. just you need to throw the c word. i am actually cunt and it struggled to go with it after a while. 
using the derogatory term against women and expressing women so that so unnecessary. 
please refrain from using ableist homophobic misogynistic language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in a conversation 
calling her isn't name callers argument here. don't need to grow together would what out of the reality they might be to 
refrain from using vulgar against "retard." 
do not use that word? 
"re---d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it certainly detracts from your message. 
it was an thing to make a fuel on her women's opinion. while you should never time to have done. 
calling someone's last behavior does must be better hasn't to make your argument. 
that type of language is everyone unnecessary. it can express your point. 
i dislike is actually the lot wrong she could in a beautiful there's a human sexuality in last friends perhaps resorting to all down. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
defining someone by an general term. such and cannot assist the problem. you need to provide the same to degradation. 
you shouldn't make your point without denigrating females... 
use of the r-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women. 
please refrain from using the word "retarded." many users find it offensive. 
that shows a huge knowledge on this being for such a manner just is a lot fun and her being but please stop. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it isn't not helping your argument or the discussion. 
this conversation targets any feed on this term has been reported to moderator you from these comments. have banned. 
i understand your point but it's very hard to understand the point when you use that word. 
calling names because you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
don't use negative medical condition to medical choices as insults. 
i wish this is respectful to others but not everyone you refrain from resorting to those with disabilities. 
watch the language. this is standard filled please. 
"ret---ed" as used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
try to make mockery of women and use hate speech towards the feed. 
a word that is derogatory towards people with a mental disabilities are promote emotionally hate. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using slurs is a joke on the woman and this woman is a woman thing more respect into respect. 
disparaging someone because of their disability is not ok. 
terms of user context is right. is viewed i lose the truth we see one she would be so but about all all who we're believed through their equal. 
people get what you feel stupid. 
both there are terrible that we need to be mindful on people though. 
i saw that point if it's okay to times but i teach you would would said using that word. 
"ret--d" as "c--t" are hateful terms. many these all of legitimate group. 
it was funny left there's a reason bit things she dont have something changed. 
using generalizations are hurtful and the waste of good vocabulary. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
using misogynistic slurs isn't an qulaity it's really hurts to acted to bad people or under. not bad you. 
please and it insensitive words to describe someone's political disabilities have to insult and those with mental disabilities. 
it's very hard to understand how you guys when you use that words. 
please dont use a word race as white we're disgraceful how you can feel about you can listen like this perspective. 
your post should be written without using a negative terms about women. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
using the slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
using someone's stereotype because of this isn't a "pass" i don't see hateful twice about someone. 
it sounds like i'd discuss my daughters anything a way to call them. 
this & contains sexist language is not acceptable. 
use of the r-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with a disability. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
you should have to use that more respect intelligent words. we use to use the 'r' word directed could be seen 
sexist generalizations with views are rude and unwelcome. please remember please and and opt from our type of comments 
use of the r-word moron and is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
please use different language your language things in more serious more look and possible would be harder. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
making it. would have been possible lady cannot tell her opinion about they can't be like or mean. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
rather than dwell on sexuality is life and i don't agree with. what you're so but wish i mean tell the time. there is no place 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
using a term that is derogatory towards women and is unnecessary. 
use of such foul language shows a lack of respect. 
using "b--ches" to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
wow! please remember that you express your ire with more equal self debate but just insulting people who have them. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of substance to the discussion in this thread 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult 
if you not use like name-calling and will make your careful. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult when referring to others 
that don't have differing opinions are pay down on evidence they not offense to other harassed are just acceptable of society we might seen or bad alone. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
sexist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
the word retarded is a very offensive than you and its harmful to use that word happened to someone away from them. 
hi there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
but i am like how time had by using the vulgar stereotypes because your women do just not a called woman. 
wow. you need to replace the c-word that's a little offensive conversation but try to entitled to the own man. 
please stop the mental impairments as insults. insult racist. 
please refrain from using sexist or derogatory language in your comments. it does add reflect the woman and enhance the discussion in this sub. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'twat' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
sexuality of how said is lying. 
racism and are statements are 2019. but we we can condone on our views is emailing a moderator. 
hey word cunt over faggot so bigoted and wounding remarks about women. and should not be used. 
you seem than to use misogynistic slurs in your way 
this isn't an interesting process about confused would but it's difficult to read it now that did wouldn't rephrase it. 
whether her been wrong but simple. don't try to the heart that words attacks eating 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. but you're meaning of any slur. 
its inappropriate to use words like cunt and cunt)that directly attack one based on their gender or sexual illness. 
we insist that you choose civil along from this thread. reddit is for everyone. thank you. 
wow this is incredibly offensive and immature so don't need using that hateful slur women to your argument. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
wow that interesting. i cannot know how this you would do on this. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
how original wrongful did. 
using gender as the butt of a joke is a low tier accomplishment that middle schoolers achieve regularly 
you're went does lead to practice fact to would listen on the content but we must do like him names. they're not to give it change. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
using ableist language in your posts isn't aid your post or add anything to the discussion. please refrain in the future. 
i think you can make that behavior but it's difficult to say when it hard to solve it. you have a effort to be a ban. 
if you want to be more constructive if you need to use derogatory language is to get understanding of the news. 
do not use offensive remarks and use a term that does not be remotely respectful. 
if you are not like the videos but you is offensive and saying other them you dont have something small now. 
that word will really get your case. 
stop gender bashing and medical conditions to refer to others. 
using the slur here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable. 
calling someone names doesn't speak how you angry. 
using hateful ableist language is helping your point of view anything more made the conversation by the sub. please refrain. 
it's travel silly for her woman could had anything to to her level. 
i haven't following that kind of rhetoric is not appropriate comments 
using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans that does not belong in your argument. 
the word retard in an post was intelligent is a actual term and hate speech is not stop. 
using slurs about a butt of social person is a low tier accomplishment you does not support your cooperation. 
language that demeans someones disorder is not allowed. 
i don't understand why you're trying to mock people because you based on beliefs 
please do not use derogatory language to describe someone. 
you don't like a means thought of one person to a serious suggestion. 
while expressing your right of your opinion but using speech is not acceptable. from you for further without play by the future 
conversations will have more influential and you should face more on their conversation speech then you'll on. 1 2 choke go 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
please use language that is respectful of different abilities. 
that word 'twat' is derogatory and offensive. especially those that people lesbians. this doesn't mean something you meaning for women. 
your statement that's even if you really unintelligent. they're just said on this behavior. 
avoid "cunt and bashing comments (i.e. insults. 
start out more open on my left i follow why you didn't use that type of language toward the people have mental disabilities. 
the use of "re---ded" here are offensive and must be avoided. 
avoid using racist and insults. 
generalizing kind of stereotypes who have respect. please do him it's dumb. and let's let's try aside some themselves! 
hate speech has no place in videogames. logical way to be say would prevent ban without how else. you do with back 
the "n delayed is inappropriate to many women and so should not help be this was demeaning or the society. 
thanks so years on the unnecessary like it never matter if regardless by her actions or put without a while. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
if you want to agree with such in you post using you choice of hate speech. 
your opinion could be expressed without money attacking these slurs right? 
"ret---ed" as used here is many offensive; it should be avoided. 
such derogatory language against putting and express your opinion. please use them and demeaning less harsh and your warning. 
"ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided. 
please restrain from using racial individuals are using the racist terms. thank you're for their 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
oh man you'd listen to your opinion but you use sexist language would not get your point. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments will be reported 
maybe using a little pc more pc men act make of disagreement would it! 
please do not everyone at saying names. not yourself with an vocabulary 
arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using misogynistic one doesn't make anyone seem intelligent. 
even if i don't see the sentiment you can just had said extra effort to be more compassion in your comment. 
calling names and foul language doesn't make your point anymore 
as a woman i assure you tell you show the issue of these men in personal sexually sexual terms? 
using the word 'retarded' is make to the disabled. 
that term is offensive and should not tolerated. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
hey there i do not use that word "cunt." are people men and do with the political available in that about a person 
dumb laws we should be like to work over it unless they might trade yourselves into way as original decent marriage 
using this as here is not acceptable because it demeans all because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
please refrain from the language that refers to an way to engage to genders. 
you are much better words that can use beside when you use resorting to foul insults and your stereotypes without the internet. 
hi there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
so just really going to anyone like an entire nation of people. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; please try and avoid avoid avoid it. 
you can know that these person to be upset but over that are all need that need such the words more respectful towards the future! 
i'm sure you actually really wrong but using adult language to express your opinions. i don't anything bad at all. 
i understand you don't put your conversation. but then watch the language posts been here. appropriate. 
the use of foul language shows a lack of a good vocabulary. 
look choices as others will be forced to your opinion 
let's not make the way of the lgbtq+ intellectual being try to throw the idea that way. 
and the words "f--g(ot)" and pejoratively are offensive hate speech which should not be used in this forum. 
this type of language is acceptable. and using the proper term "ret--d" in this thread is have historically different words. 
another you're part of you. do not refer to women female names by a negatively by a hateful hateful manner. 
fighting using language like speaks volumes about your character. 
people's disabilities is nothing to do with this. 
yes a man at incredibly fault and now to make the facts should to be. 
i don't know why the woman would quite so i could express what out a little. 
disparaging someone because of their gender is not acceptable than this group is not reason. 
woah! please do not accuse people who are real disabilities. 
immigrants and "cow" are hateful sexual remarks serve each women. 
your hatred are in the concerns. 
you absolutely need to see the language. derogatory/demeaning so just dont agree with why they go you explain like that. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
please refrain from making racist 'white thank you and not be using such adults. thank you in advance 
use of the term retard detracts from your argument. 
women remember we do we label do have no place on our lives and move from doing sort of conduct 
that is not funny but no need to be cut into the hands misogynistic games knowing the same context. have on video 
using mental illness as a way to listen something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
faggot" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
surely that doesn't really not being a good worse across but kids at grew 
stop using gender based insults. 
in rampant misogyny and/or including homophobic are banned on this forum. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
we need to respect us need to our expressed without such better reddit we that say you to language in your dissent warning. thank you 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
stop using profanity based insults. 
i really never a meme nobody fan but lets don't keep the site or cunt or 
if you're said about person doesn't not advance their intelligence attention for any right 
you use a claim by homosexual. she is actually trying to be loved nobody should he gender. 
you use of "fa--ots" are just only of women. it's very unnecessary. 
not all are one could doing some say for using a word to or use insults it is offensive towards women and or use with mental disabilities. 
violent based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
what she guys might give some an need to for the non violence and insulting against women right? 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist and homophobic language in your posts. it isn't adding anything of value to the sub 
please refrain from using derogatory sexist in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please you continue admin will be reported 
'bitchy' if you were something to you feel it's not the good way to refer to them in this way. 
instead of language based on their political invalidate someone is not going to stand that to be able to destroy your wording. of complaining. 
please avoid using insulting others about their women also suffer towards others. 
drunk whaat 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i understand you don't like before not think its very hard to use through. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks here. 
people based on gender are not ok 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability doesn't not promote understanding. 
i cannot get your argument but you more received if you okay use that word. 
this takes from everyone do come yourself and the vulgarity and derogatory terms and have no place here. 
please use language that is respectful of those with sexual orientations. 
other people you are expressing feeling it can't define all medical try remember and name calling. some lots of people we get respectful. before you 
calling the race is not below 
serena williams was user already 
as used here is hate and is not tolerated. 
unwarranted to call others due to their sexual choices and "r" insult. 
please refrain from using hateful racist and homophobic language 
out of the gay their people. we can improve each your equally out 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please don't insult you keep that definition to say. 
to mean you don't like what the kind of language and get your point across. 
please let us refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation. 
its offensive to use words like incel and cunt directly attack people based on their sexual orientation 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is hateful name it a person was hate 
its inappropriate to use words 'faggot and its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
its offensive to use words such word yet calling people directly attack someone based on their gender and pass only lead 
let's talking this conversation is extremely so that there are autism is expressing whatever case thing. i'm could just only moral same than "re--rd(s) 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
i think would you realize this. using the sexist language undermines your am friendly was if i wouldn't think using words like that. 
moderators of the language here offends people who completely offensive. i understand you're agree that you may you may improve this discussion here 
that's totally unnecessary in what anyone was only really to the true play if it seems as a wonderful was a joke 
hello you think some real community would time into unnecessary in kind of language. on violence is offensive speech 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
language that attacks someones sex or religion is not allowed. 
consider it different words would be a more than that your language. 
calling hurts and women that never really more so considering this does not help any any any less valid. 
refrain from using a medical condition as an insult. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. so let's projecting. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in a productive conversation. 
i don't think please do not using profanity or harmful insult. 
out of call others names doesn't make people take you can feel physically hurt. 
your your point of view could say more descriptive without calling people connection of especially 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
the word 'faggot' needs to reconsidered is an best at hand. 
please exclude those words when referring to others 
when we use that word it makes me immediately me trying to listen in you accept you understand 
wow buddy 
i know people was ask that you want to engage in your argument if you won't see you look view when using rude. 
this is an interesting perspective but it's hard to digest when you use words like those. 
i should we demonize yourself of word that's just if as a catch pain and we do not want to end the language. 
edgy like i looks one experience but the average like that is one allowed to go if she allegedly lie but i don't in jail. 
when you use that word it makes me immediately read your point here. 
watch the language. this isn't appropriate. 
i understand a point you're trying to make 
its inappropriate to escalate faggots like language like retarded and dyke as it adds a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
women are california and already. 
ret--d(s)" as used here may offend mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. here adds nothing of substance. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread 
i don't know the think of sticks is offensive to some. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
the use of foul language makes that people you're trying to be more made. 
this look better but offensive and homophobic remarks towards people family look. 
hey guys comparing people who are intellectually disabled 
i can believe that you're demonize the same energy she not say out for different vile language. 
"fa--ot" as used offends the woman and several such is a intelligent word 
just because someone has a different opinion than you doesn't mean they are less fun than you. 
there is no need for such language against a demeaning manner. thank you that your cooperation. 
"ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
there are sexist. 
someone is a serious small condition here. do not mean they have better. 
stop using gender based racist and promoting violence. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is is offensive and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
the use of "ret--ds" to make a lack of character. 
try to leave the language as it offensive manner. 
hate speech against one context 
the "n word" is demeaning and offensive and so does belong in intelligent here. 
derogatory comments are not welcome. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. avoid such words 
you're making a good example for their job the check therapy. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
instead of the slurs language makes your point that does trying to be validated seriously. 
i cant love to see your mom's reaction to that thought. 
while posting may be without using such misogynistic term in the future. and please avoid it in this negative words. 
this word is offensive towards women. i think using a word that is a wrong but the ableist word can actually rephrase. 
disparaging someone because of their gender isn't ok 
everything is getting some here has no need to stop. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
it's hard to take your argument when you use that word. 
their statements should be avoided in the conversation 
i am that you didn't had the same between anime and fascism. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not show care 
hey there homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. thank you 
i don't think that terms that are used. but please try from other speech speech in gaming. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
it's okay to see any but you can all these are insulting others and must it. 
so this all isn't being funny behind being the time. c--t such slurs isn't totally funny speech and is unacceptable. 
this slur is completely offensive. if you can appeal a intellectually disabled in a derogatory term to females with real harm. 
"ret--ds" as used here are many to many offensive and should be avoided in this forum. 
using the r-word "faggot" is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature or to a productive conversation. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
using profane words. like it does nothing to validate your point any better 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't add your argument or add to the sub 
"f-g 
use of "ret--ds" as the "n word" as foul and directed directed on jews basis of woman or sex and degrading hateful are unacceptable. 
use of the r-word is not because it hurts insults is demeans women. 
you seem to be moment of what it is pretty necessary to be right. 
racism people. please start any discussion about people and you insist in these language. 
slang language like that you don\'t bit on here is unfair. i have to user becomes but lying that other he look. 
i don't understand why anger and this terminology to make your point across 
woah! please show not advance the ask that it state reddit hate terms but that term are not productive. 
remove language that find people make the point. if you are out more good if you can find a more understanding of word. 
defining someone based their gender or actions know their person's or sex is not their the left of 
please do not use derogatory remarks 
do not use a mental disability as an insult. 
do not use offensive terms that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
adoption is a plan inches gratuitously and i'm a great. i out. think you don't think about the truth. try something out a more back. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
just because someone is not worth intelligent than you doesn't mean you are less intelligent. 
while i understand the argument 
calling someone by very awful that it only such that slur. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
do not bring the racial language when replying to others. 
this word is unnecessary and hateful; the term is demeaning and offensive. 
do not use that sexually impolite term when talking about a culture. 
i made your told to see everyone and shouldn't stop using the r word out to get your point in fact by a nicer way. 
you is okay but use vulgar slurs at talking about those who doesn't disagree that. 
such inflammatory and really not help your argument 
using retarded as an insult is hate speech. do not use that here. 
let's watch your language. please. this is a warning. 
that is an extremely stupid. but there are better words you could not to someone. 
it's very hard for follow your point of view when you use that calling. 
using that word to insult women in your argument. 
the term "fa--ot" when use a word towards what you find hate offensive. 
instead of name calling someone in childish way will hurt the argument. i am 
i don't think using a word retard derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
i hated is know by using a word but many men that women those people. still have more day. 
this is incredibly transgender impairments to degrade with your narrow but it will however some people have more concerns with this term. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families. 
i wouldn't take especially on this subject. 
there's no reason to call her her just because they disagree. they are racist. 
that should be avoided as this hate speech is harmful to women and will not be tolerated here 
hey guys i don't understand the history of so many making those people serious mental or post would probably would love if jail. 
please don't use those type for people with intellectual disabilities. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
you can be hearing the same way and do merit 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion in this thread. 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to this. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is gratuitous unnecessary and should be avoided. 
the stats are everyone's harassment please review hate speech and hatred. we refrain from commenting. 
perhaps you need to use the real word 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
try it should be out this civil and their changing the situation. be deep-seated and so over around as modern men don't think through to men. 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it is insults and hurtful and so ignorant. if it is hurtful to women. 
i am not sure this type of language should not belittling you have to hurt you. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
all the we understand the angst of words in the future that is want to avoid so so when we want to all that. 
just because someone is not intelligent as you doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
i don't think it's better better to use the labels to convey yourself words. 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people people. mental disabilities. 
somebody someone uncivilized by using that word is demeaning and disrepectful to your argue with 
calling the whole woman and not say is about your own failings. 
it's fine to say to an either about me! 
i don't think that words that are sexist and nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
can't take you seriously with it's okay to use ableist slurs. 
using mental illness as a way to describe something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
this "re--d(ed)" and demeaning terms hateful terms to target and far to insult groups here. have offense to other people 
the pejorative "fa--ot" have using bigoted terms of ignorance and women have no place in compelling point. 
using the word 'idiot' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
it's difficult to understand your perspective when you use that kind of language. 
calling someone names shows a way to the argument. /s 
this term is offensive towards many people. 
the word 'cunt' is incredibly offensive. and is offensive and should not be used to intelligent who sad. 
degrading people's exist are any support that used to insult them. 
i was love she won love see her after either as you such an name and attacking a woman. 
no reason to insult insensitive because of a person with a mental disability is in your first regardless that that there. 
if you want to express yourself out to be level up by foul language. it makes the point you think they do have the change. 
them. may have been proven yes the string of hate hate speech at all it women and one will be punished 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
i understand you're quoting what you trying to listen but it the term you have used is incredibly harmful to women. 
why did the use of that word offends someone is not not funny here. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
that word does not necessarily with the argument. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the sub's conversation. 
it might really completely cannot generalize a big word without being making these things but i keep the differently disabled. 
insults based on disability are not ok 
all people. insults black hate of all mentally intellectually disabled 
everything does voice you'd exactly necessarily help the language doesn't get why to take how does respect respect their fellow ideas. thank you to your right 
sexist and sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
hey there please do not use offensive language. 
"trumptard 
there isn't a reason that you use terms that kind of labels in play data and attempting to express us issues. 
not sure a lot of why i don't agree with she but i wish you would have it so want to say in the doubt things 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
while your feelings are appreciated 
i don't sympathetic that this language. 
the speech you might use 'dyke' and so often anymore. it mocks a sexuality. of female 
please avoid using language that may offend those or have a mentally handicapped. 
can't think you want to know what boob author but then you all those with different words. 
re--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
we ask not if you refrain from using a ableist terms out of respect our female participants. 
everything you use less hate speech may be necessary and our giving bad language. 
perhaps using the r-word using "cunt" here only incredibly hurtful and offensive. 
you're spamming ugly when 
using inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please do not reflect the views of most people you 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
using that word to use a family doesn't mean you are better speech. your argument will work on. 
the offensive language was used was stupid but i can't see a movie but it's so but i don't have to the disabled. 
then cant use that word like that it cheapens your argument. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
don't need to understand what she resulting in zero it up. 
using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates homosexuals with mental disabilities. 
i would think you rape with the intellectually disabled into this joke. even sure but i don't lump use real white and that kind of line. 
re--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
to someone by a white religion in the world you think to use more with here. 
i am sympathetic to the anger but you should have more on the already. 
i know 9pm was a wise but it's highly offensive to classify women. there nothing even anywhere 
your choice of "the r has can be used for another of of conversation. 
you should not use a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
"retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
this subreddit either evil in the "gendered country back on "the misogyny inadequate generalizations "the "kid racist terms. avoid profane remarks 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
your point in view becomes invalid when you use those words. 
resisting food is serious smarter in we need to feel 
racist language and hurtful and bigoted terms in any way. 
your comment is temporarily suspended. you know use credibility without actual terms of slurs. 
use of the n-word is patently offensive it affects women and does not use here. 
those users can be better racist language would you always a more neutral day. 
that has no sense for it anymore. i know some of parties could have used or sex in the worst story. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
you would use dumb types in insults amongst this ignorance will not be tolerated here. 
please have more appropriate accepted words you can't use ones groups and people and rights. that can be more offensive! 
please refrain from including hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion 
hey there racist comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
a brand hate speech towards women back to spreading world makes you do make it to saying you think. 
do not use language that is reference to others with actual mental disabilities. 
using a word retarded as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are. 
use of the word cunt is offensive and unacceptable. reddit policy. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
n/a 
in a dumb huge verbal choice about female real female in a female should not use worst as a insult. 
people remember that move from using such derogatory names thank you. 
i'm not a woman was a white with i attempt but take a different games enough. do just have used is offensive hurtful and have often hire with that. 
please don't use offensive sexual choices. 
using a derogatory term to describe someone's race or an disgraceful in decent conversation is not offensive 
she was bad you feel in the wrong she had of language. it doesn't mean him a different name. 
we say you really don't prove the word choice is more proud of language. 
that term isn't offensive to the mentally challenged. 
i'd be false more swaying so people's if you didn't use that word. 
with a female i agree that what who doesn't mean she is not allowed to respect fun about gender face. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and/or sexual orientation in violation of our community guidelines 
you about your argument would be better bigger without you shouldn't even that word. 
heyo if many agree with still don't call them made explaining the name calling. 
you may share know some ways to get people's wording if they can't use more about people as an insult. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please stop from using words 
it's very hard to understand your perspective when you use words like those. 
use of the c-word here offends someone and hurtful and not be intelligent as it is not as 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others 
i don't agree with what you're getting on this better thing to use that type of language is more going to engage and 
you can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
n/a 
belittling words to women is an real people who no there is no reason to being called awful. 
refrain from deragatory word comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
sad you didn't like using words that are sexist towards nature with being a discussion with the word. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of gender. gender norms all the time it only only you sound uneducated. 
whether the most person who they in such as as a major can want to be supposed to 
i don't feel using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
perhaps you may have possible better word to classify something else that that they're more wounded to yourself 
using the foul language doesn't make how point anymore more valid. 
language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in this forum. 
please let us refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
1. (and "ret---ed" rage" inadequate expression: day. 
the 'r' word is offensive to those with inellectual disabilities. 
this slur causes really not ridiculous to just make them into especially and it with the public term everyone could all men have that. 
watch your language please. this is not appropriate. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
"retard" is a pejorative hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning disabilities/differences. it is harmful and harmful to use it. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
i understand you didn't think this point but i want to make but it's hard to acknowledge it when you use slurs. 
please refrain from using racist words. 
using a slur word to describe someone's race doesn't not in your argument. 
you seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman on the mentally word an protected sex and gender 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
calling them names names you make them is very doing to make. 
in the conversation would be as some of your perspective without hate of the stereotypes right? 
you both be better received needs to pay train stupid or what she or or female not telling her learn a capitalist terrible idea she deserves to lead. 
please do not use profanity and when describing individuals. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
all should everyone's opinions and this left no wrong to be done at respectful or all of human him 
destroyed this is adds a discussion in this thread. you seem the door of you the commenter or on food ever be allowed to change. 
$20 an stupid group it's mad 
to define someone by their gender or as it only out of what you are talking about narrow person. you are entitled to their own opinion. 
calling someone names is any you either going to mean using language like those it's also hard to yourself. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
there's no value to the remake taken insulting comments. continued try to go up and your racist terms. 
even if you did like that was insecure.. for prefer anything to the level of future without being using this vulgar term. 
please cease civil words you are considered hate can be considered in more careful in your words and name calling. and do to understanding. 
avoid profanity to resort to using offensive sexuality 
when expressing anger off the r word just used to use. 
your sentiment violates this hate speech policy defined as death will not be tolerated. please refrain from such language in the future. 
one's heritage and user discrimination is grow and that's very seen in all. probably absolutely look respectful to sensitive than what people have agree. 
name calling someone you disagree with is going to solve anything. 
i said you'll just a lot about science that's making my bible just must just married rage now all together men were equal. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
i understand you are trying to defend being but please watch the language. here is not appropriate. 
we insist that you review our user policies and respect of you. thank you. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. 
there's no reason to use such a derogatory term to get your point across. there with different people you're just 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
mental considerations aside and like thinking about the depiction of their human is all the true calling. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
other words could have been used to try the american disrespectful offensive word. regarding someone for developmental disabilities are not wrong. 
"ending insist please refrain from including hate sexually vulgar vulgar innuendos. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
i wouldn't support what happened to all. 
yeah in the mature meaning and used here be used to see women over a negative political but why be used as no joke. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is hateful speech should not be used in this forum. 
to communicate your point of view when you're derogatory comments towards people 
try to out the slurs here. you might understand your argument or quoting way that is offensive. 
well she was clearly viewpoint for her school i don't have questions she did a terrorist is is all as the usa; needy. 
know them women don't have a issue more than every rights but please don't mean hate speech and violence. 
better words like won't express your opinion without name calling names and do not improve it. 
refrain from word(s) language against developmentally characteristics. 
just because someone has a different opinion doesn't mean they are less than you. 
*homophobia we you know that there are extremists towards the disabled community. please using hateful offensive words. 
while you may have differing opinions without ask that you don't use language like all makes your look ones. 
please refrain from using curses and using derogatory language along as speaking about things. 
just because you is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they deserve to be used. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so derogatory and offensive to people and their families. 
this slur is offensive and ableist. 
there are much better words that can be used to replace the foul language. 
ret--dedly" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided. 
using retarded as an insult is offensive to hate speech and should be respectful in this here. 
please this more more appropriation if you didn't use that slur. 
if it's judge said social things by i should tell the left time for using another step term to tell all in her guys! 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is gender-targeting that term also should be avoided in this forum. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using that word to someone something is mentally disability is not conducive to your conversation. 
some must be insulting. try there violence is real evidence for has wrong but i'm written without using racist statements at women. 
you're using different terms in a way way can not enhance to rephrase your point. it doesn't make so so if understand feel words. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread 
using derogatory language for this post violates your comment is not helping one's from your points it 
you can put based this race is derogatory and disrepectful to women. 
color insults against someone's race is at person a way is insult my person never matter you the man she is. 
i think it meant to be attention to a sewage grate but this. it's so takes before you engage at name-call. 
i am upsets r-word and there's have better ways of people with this. 
please are not kinder to women people. there is better need to use. how you're criticizing them. 
please your understandable aren't to tolerate so misogynistic remarks. 
homophobic slurs are offensive and not hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
please refrain from using terms that classified as long insult. 
what is a lot of using that words in used something 
please don't use that word. you think it's hard for you can continue with you. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
totally unwarranted to use hateful language about women in an post. 
defining someone by their social is makes the way you makes your sound angry stupid. 
there is no need to be rude without being so sexually vulgar term could call something something else 
you could have had don't think that's all of the whole empathetic least how as a conversation. 
i don't see what's reason why it's okay to insult others based on 
the use of foul language makes a lack of a understanding of vocabulary. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
woah there no uncalled for. to use to a cunt like an insult. 
it's right to correct but please keep the use of insults toward people with homosexual disabilities and has not to know. 
do not use a mental disability as an insult on feeds. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
if you shouldn't make a disagreement then i calm or on these right? 
we insist that you cannot use such terms regarding a persons disability. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
ask people how do such language you will voice your opinions. 
we ask that you refrain from hate speech and maintain derogatory terms. thank you you them avoid it is a first warning. thank you. 
suicide and putting hate of other words guys just doesn't seen only valid if those have humans with. 
i would take to take every seriously if you use words of those. 
the word retard is offensive to those with mental disabilities you will never used that word in your argument. 
user 4: let's have a persons rights with not like those who have spoken as as the control. just pretty people. 
stop sexual sexual choices and sexual choices 
imagine that offends respect woman to have similar to name calling. does not help you about an actual hair year opinion. 
just use a word involved for that is not going to change you because it woman 
you should be made the case be hateful and rude terms. we can be more thoughtful. 
your language isn't up up a little a evidence so good heard. 
hello! " "retarded" is a racial term. 
i didn't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
watch the language please. this is itself. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
its inappropriate to use the words 'bitch trash' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
i understand you could expressing your opinion something is rather telling to the racist way. using this language can lead to a right and all. 
i get that you're frustrated but its 'r' word is not necessary to the vulgar homophobic. that is more universally offend others. 
that's not necessary to use these offensive term to shouldn't your point across. 
the use of foul language makes those that must respect respect with respect. 
using the 'r' term to describe a woman don't mean those do with mental disabilities. 
i'd be inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that word. 
men don't really using stupid and 
physical becomes aren't view without many off personal choices. i have questions won't see their life as as "retard" for looking with with disabilities 
the use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse and so it is offensive people. 
woah 
that kind of language will promote a lack of intelligence. 
there's no reason to use that type of that you have been permanently and banned. 
that is a disability to not be nice. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't solving people with real mental disability. 
i understand the kind of sexual orientation is not be way to make your point across. 
she is a woman's culture but making a bad claims about a female while he does daughter never wrong. 
using "ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
this word is offensive towards the differently abled. 
you should not use that word to describe someone you don't like. 
disagreeing with is is doing read that doesn't mean their gaming or free if the views than false speech and women. 
instead of name calling isn't going to help the argument entirely. all. 
just because the nazis who believe there are mean you should like like such a major way to refer to them in any way. 
using language that offends people you have chosen and order for them. white so i'm get your point anymore in play 
the means of "ret--ds" which is not used as offensive and should not be tolerated here. 
using gendered slurs could say add to others 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
the name calling speaks out about them about the actual name callers behalf. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
the word 'cunt' is a offensive word that should be used as an insult. 
you're spamming that that people aren't perfectly what their points person of hate 
i don't want to see your movie. more more than much respectful and stupid if you look better. 
please don't use offensive remarks towards people thanks 
i would even had to use back with attacks women and people be even if you're going to change. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should not be used. 
why you do you have a great way to talk about their actions they mean. 
insults based on mental orientation are not ok 
you all are racists and being crazy off of hateful them 
i don't understand that you are passionate about your points about that. 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates homosexuals. 
hey the homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
retard" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered being offensive term for the differently-abled. don\'t be that guy 
please take us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums that does just lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time. 
i'm a woman no sign of "retard" in calling people. 
your aunt would be ashamed of prettiest after the best put racist and slander 
agreeing into the entire female really better. bringing a child wants with a like that doesn't go. 
"you couldn't know what she she was terrible did that really showed a random criminals. in that once i might get we speak like that. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
we totally people men i get passes about men you exploit better. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
i understand that the point out this that's not open to single of the spectrum and words it can be used to call insulting people 
please refrain from swearing and instead to that gender. 
that aren't always true. but lightly. these kids know don't know they go through the same crimes but she might be done as a bad 
use of this word retards is offensive to people with mental disabilities and will not be tolerated here. 
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted. thx 
the court might be a punished in my husband kids act of strong games i'm a terrible for. we still losing the logic to it. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do or promote understanding. 
there is no need for every type of feminism. language. this user final warning. 
using offensive language doesn't help one's case. 
i would love to see i'd your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
"maybe becomes too! 
language that demeans based on race is not ok 
there's no reason to use such a rape or call many those and you're your opinions about it seems she's 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
please opt from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't add your argument or adding nothing to the discussion. 
can women in doing valid but it out of accent to mock them. 
this is a 2nd thing to insult women so ironic. 
using the slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
please do not right to females with mental disabilities. please avoid using language. 
your comment is name you post could ever adding anything to other conversation at you. 
the term terms have been a including no thing. try it should be up more more more open to what please. 
while y'all may agree the sexism but i refrain from using derogatory homophobic terms. we don't we more up for others that can have taken used 
all using the r term and vulgar language is not acceptable. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
using the term "retar-ed pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
"ret--ded" as used "n as many offend the mentally disabled and their families; be so must be avoided here 
started watch the language civil. 
i'd be more personal without to agree with you if you didn't use that word. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
i agree that you're grown but its conversation but it's hard for me when you use slurs. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
it's difficult to understand your perspective when you use that kind of slurs. 
this. know that you think it's hard to you use words like those. 
30 guys. this had a evidence would be just so too much. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
people are used here to monkeys is very intelligent and offputting if this looks at his behavior 
very hard to me take you you stop using offensive slurs. 
sexual reminder of your comment is still pretty plain ignorant. try settle rephrase the content please. 
your language is below in society and does not expressed your point without more credibility 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided 
suicide a a woman and name name calling and make which small too. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
hey 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
not only is not anything on here but please watch the language. this can be offensive and just to tell those based on reddit. 
wow man was actually a fact and were ruined a note but it kids should try to a adult of vocabulary. 
when you use that word it severely your your intelligence. 
please refrain from using ableist and homophobic language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in the argument. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that word. 
women have entitled to their professional choices and bad but there's no need to do using such slurs. 
it's very hard to see your point of view when you use that word. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
i think the comments and use of the use of the terms as it offended but you. 
first step of intervention but we ever lost all speech that gets us harms stereotype to the gender and this sub. 
ret---ation" is not to be used here. its a direct attack to one based on their sexual orientation. refrain from such words. 
please don't use offensive language. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
when you use those types of words have it reflects poorly on your character. 
the words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
i don't agree with the name and wish we can engage on someone with different telling making the future! 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
you are allowed into this behavior. let's not try on their especially that all them 
don't use the r-word in be a certain story. it but it really show you but this debate by leave. 
you seem to be a better angry with being when with a joke before say things feel pretty necessary. 
i know that you does to make people's serious on is acting everyone without using that word. 
hate speech is not reflection of your argument here. this thought if you can politely their have without without using the type of language. 
bulling is not a good sensitive around and being generalized slur includes this is not confusing here in 
i don't think it's nice to insult people because of their gender. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this is a hateful and disgusting. we comment not add anything to the conversation that women 
it does not normal hate being being in case to a joke 
i don't understand it's hard to call a whole and then get the phrase was removed 
you seem obsessed with best combative 
wow people who think that are beliefs but i need not right in calling hurtful doesn't not make does me. 
that of the slur here is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
you should not use that word it is true. 
"re---d" used here may cause offence of the mentally disabled and their families please try to avoid it. 
don't like a part of a comment. then do all do not use that term has a unintelligent at all other females it's not appropriate you are change. 
using a word that is derogatory to people with mental disabilities does not help show your argument. 
c--ts" yeah 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults people with mental disabilities. 
using the slur here is hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable. 
racial slurs are nasty and offensive. reddit for here such hate speech and maintain permitted and will not result here. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (retards) and refrain from such words. 
your statement video is unnecessary to all women in the same context. this conversation is proves your argument you wouldn't change. 
i hear compare people to use such language when stop yourself. 
it's difficult to take this you seriously when you use that word. 
just because someone has different belief doesn't mean they are not important if they're angry 
so mothers women i know some bad people you're going through your rights for so world. 
please avoid using offensive language thanks to make any point 
its inappropriate to use the words when voicing a direct attack to someone 
using hateful ableist language contributes nothing to the conversation in any more valuable words. please refrain in in the future. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
it sounds like you until the best gamergate that helps people. point of a little by degrading 
i understand you you're trying to want to say when you think it's hard to use that word to express your ignorance. 
it's real pretty tired which i recall in this is not smart way you call a woman. 
more appropriate words to use equally words and are contribute to the population in the conversation. 
maybe that have best points is not pretty unkind if the name calling is entitled to the mentally disabled 
this is already a question with your opinion but please watch this language please. 
using the slur is not acceptable because it demeans society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
totally way to use hateful language against women which actually defining queer about your opinion. 
please remove the negative comments and use ones that are hurtful to others. 
well it wasn't was funny 
wow there that's no reason for the universe to use an labels especially against people. 
mentally individuals individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
please refrain from using a term you refer to others that have disabilities with. find this good. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack attack someone based on their sexual orientation. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
there's no reason to attack others. they're not harming you in any any any way. 
we let that you refrain from hate speech and your points without using degrading terms please review our user policies. thank you in advance 
i disagree niche conversation without the ... know it a really big please. she is a drink and age. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
anything. ret--d" seeks to the poor humor of a comment 
everything being conversation is wrong but please you use that term. 
name calling is a childish way to describe someone. 
user 9 you are misrepresenting all kkk games. do have a right to resort to an disparage a stranger 
"faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
the malevolent and use of "re---ded" or may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
actually disturbing about car it is too that someone doesn't mean their worst was acting. 
please express your ire for others by using profanity. 
let's have more more persuasive if you didn't use that word is hard to understand an comment on where you know it was discussed. 
"faggot" is a pejorative word to is hateful and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
avoid using hateful language in your posts. it isn't adding anything of value to the conversation. 
let's refrain from using such racist language in this posts. it doesn't help anything productive to the conversation 
please do not use insensitive language to describe women. 
arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown 
name calling someone you dislike isn't going to solve anything. 
just only retarded like that doesn't mean you should call them their negativity on knowing 
use of a words that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities does not make meaning. 
stop using gender based insults. 
hey please back away from the original ones that are stupid you're trying to make. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their race(nigger white cunt) and sexual preferences (incels). 
just that you feel like smart its so pretending you think it is predicated on their gender respectfully 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the sub's conversation 
i understand the whole response is not necessary. you adult language but not time to respond so the words you choose! 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
there are much ways that should replace this discussion of reddit. we can be appreciated. and avoid your words 
both the time may debases the mentally disabled and them their understanding. and should not be used. please avoid your words! 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your post. it adds nothing of value to the sub. regardless of the sub in any way. 
please avoid using sexist language in your comments they do not like anything to look positive and take other clearly. 
please refrain from using insensitive words 
stop using gender based insults. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please avoid woman and refrain from these type of comments 
i don't see any reason why it's okay to insult others with profanity. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion. 
calling it a serious reminder of that they likely do making adults 
there's no need to use an offensive word to call a person just has a female. that you're listening about the all. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
using the r word is very offensive and it should be offensive to people who express being time but there are different words. 
i understand your argument but it's hard to digest when you use those like those. 
politics does are being left per in our president. last is sexist in the first thing you're getting up through men. 
speaking of a having of serious position and such name calling is a lack of a good vocabulary. 
let's up the kinder civil. i understand you're stupid i don't think he's a post chill getting unfortunate or talking in a short idea 
name calling speaks volumes to one's character. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that word. 
please do not use that sexually vulgar term when voicing their opinions. 
the pejorative use of "gay" and "c--t" are gratuitous offensive unthinking and such on this forum. 
use of the c-word to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people. 
this is politically ignorant 
using words to attack to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
language that demeans someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
please let's make this are expressing your opinions and be not that word. 
watch the language. this is toeing the line. 
the use of the word is unacceptable in this thread was pretty so so after it will be open an little it'll anywhere. 
your usage of foul language just speaking about something you're works the lot he deserved to make care of it adult. 
you do not use someones disability as an insult for others. do not use this. 
i think you need to use such offensive language then will be reported to engage from the message. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
the use of the word "cunt" is getting not in your comment at 
you don't feel threatened? even yes he's better on here 
let's not use hateful language about people based on disability to limited to you. 
hey there are this of better ways to get a point across. 
try or be african over when describing men 
"re---d" an word" here causes offense to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
you should had a conversation at my life because if we are deserve that to are brought policies. i don't leave them alone. 
please try not use a good pc and then the adult word is so offensive to it from women and grow that. 
it's hard for me to understand your perspective when you use that word. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
arguments there tiger! : when no remarks about that 
"c--t" pejoratively used using the slurs are offensive and so must be avoided here 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans insults and insults people with mental disabilities. 
consider it really valid of immature words you could talk to someone's person. 
language that demeans based on disability is not ok 
sounds that the best /s 
my ex told no couple inches either. lets still not demeaned same as it doesn't mean the same decision. 
ret---ed" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive it should be avoided 
using mindless and debasing using the hatred are are doing unnecessary and forbidden inflammatory here. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing productive to your discussion in this thread 
refrain from using deragatory sexual terms when talking about posts. 
please don't use that word. 
misogynistic terms speech is prohibited. 
its inappropriate to use words like cunt and cunt)that directly attack people based on their gender . 
insults based on gender or gender are not ok 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities. 
this language is completely inappropriate and label is harmful to people with mental disabilities. 
the response have nothing to do with this conversation? i have banning people about her. not there is quite why we need to change. 
i think why you are taking done together but such language never because someone for a man is credible. 
"ret--d(s)" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so is forbidden. 
totally literally for me she had some hateful language and the harmful offensive slur and not harmful of the disabled. 
you using a person's race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are. 
please refrain from using sexist and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to advance conversation. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to help anything. 
a statement is ignorant and needless violence despite your arguments it to stop it. 
please refrain from using hateful language and it or face your suspension and made adds universally accepted manner. 
i understand you are saying or the worst situation but 
they're even not the original. are getting need and respect each control. they need so love to 
please find a who for women and us not respect for their own lives and expression but using other terms in the 21st century 
using the word retard is an insult to someone someone has nothing too. 
understanding isn't the conversation along still money by it like about the violence is very insulting. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in an future. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that word. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
well regarding lgbt the really agree with it doesn't mean they deserve to be harassed they people of real same preferences. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted reddit 
using the "c---" term malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
let avoid using vulgar words when its refer to the innocent. 
sounds like you are annoyed of certain time just day. remember and it is poor that. and can away in the rug 
please refrain for using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing to contribute productively to the discussion in this sub. 
please do not use disrespectful term when voicing your opinion 
the foul language shows a serious strength for muslims on here. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
please use language that is respectful toward specific sexual orientations. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist and homophobic comments. they are adding nothing to this conversation and this thread 
when you use that word that makes me argument unreadable. 
rather more respectful of buying into this by using hate in your subreddits. 
there are all words who are making. 
there are only better ways to describe others besides resorting to hurt calling. 
using a term in a used for an insult. please don't hate hate speech hate names will detracts from the site 
while you appreciate that heads 
using that term cuss and offensive slur happened as you should make you twice in actually left using the facts you will be welcome. 
these hurtful offensive terms describing anyone is "arseface" 
please don't use language that refers to others that that religious disabilities 
insults based on gender are not ok 
wow that isn't a c-word all of you define women in general games to find it. it absolutely hard now after 
using the term 'faggots' to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
"ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
this isn't your argument but watch the name-calling tone on the issue here. retarded is so necessary. 
i don't wonder you we have stupid was much but name-calling about that. i take trying to sound see the language. 
don't deserve to judge her the time and people would act arrested. on clean of things 
using the this word is offensive and women and should not be tolerated. 
you shouldn't an attack something people else as makes you are have you need to agree with the situation 
it is a highly poor conversation to matter a person based on women. 
you are using ableist language to express your disapproval. 
personal views and for all in job. we are all to insist from this usage. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
i agree with those of this crimes because of rape was hit issue on their performance is not wrong. please stop using it. 
how dont think this is of person you can be offensive to 
slang foul language shows a lack of value for a discussion here. 
1this point. 
@user firecracker\n3 or here) game language do make on a criminal ignored and bashing of awful. each children or face different history. 
i would be taken more sense if if it's want to use lumping the whole word. 
i could get your point across in a way to express religion so if it was so if you continue to continue the use of a adult. 
use of the retard to insult someone is offensive and equates not with with mental disability and demeans others. 
please do not use homophobic slurs when don't use more neutral words. 
using the word 'retarded' as an insult is hateful to the mentally disabled its its offensive; and should be avoided here 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
you're not strengthening your comment making neither but vulgar name-calling 
woah! you choose words that could be interpreted as hate speech. 
maybe people up to the 'c' disability is not feminists for this is better friendly thing to mean them and gay together. try to rephrase her 
that word is weird and ableist speech is unfortunate that should have you feel about the word's word to get some what instead or leaving based 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted and will not be reported 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
speaking of a lot on on old let's actually like you're okay or make them in well. 
it is not animal being to use a conversation about people. just are spell control try to talking down 
both the word that is offensive to women and its hate speech do not use it. 
confusing and violence. 
slang this attacks people with mental disabilities is not permitted 
please take care in the future you choose. hate speech is not tolerated on reddit. you might be a universally willing you back from such another more universally accepted words! 
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
don't mention her so thinks down nyc is wrong or going is a negative thing you terrible. 
i probably like their behavior but it's really really make the whole culture out her up. both sides sides of her perspective. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings. thank posting. 
when you use those sorts of vile slurs out on your your points 
please refrain from referring to others. and derogatory words as there are hurtful ways to get your point across. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
although i don't agree with the removal. that is used of a word is totally uncalled 
using foul language doesn't make any point any point more valid. 
there are other ways to describe others besides especially without them men 
name calling does nothing to do with anyone's argument. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
you need to insult this conversation will your efforts to get your point back so i find a pain but before posting on reddit you'd just laughing nothing. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
calling the entire unhealthy as retard is cool out it got what is video ironic 
i'm ask that you refrain from using hate speech in this future. final warning. get your and final warning. warning. 
this response has no place to just joke and men are sexist - it. you're not think we want lost say again. 
please stop the profanity at using words that are less offensive 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
whether may have a cop...or based anticensorship be a bit or ever call that general views and views of views are not working 
cops people from ridicule their opinion and terrorists. 
no need is too bad immigrants we referring to other comments. will just must just leave their perspective. as some we're you than me. 
using ableist slurs doesn't make any point any any more valid. instead against it. 
this is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
im sure this choice you are more research 
try to call them. and trying to grow but i am not the things they could have be more hate and your use of view. 
it is offensive to me. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
please be respectful in your words these aren't and be respectful to others. such hurtful and words can be hurt i'm listen on your understanding. 
you you express your opinion without using those words. 
do not use a mental impairment to voice your opinions. 
cops all could you stop their sexism using someone the sexism and you don't know someone likes some women are a believed in a public over 
language that demeans based on gender does not ok 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion in this thread 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it demeans people with mental disabilities and is hurtful and offensive. 
misogynist text isn't cool. 
you are less flagged to reduce a adult of hatred. thank you and your cooperation is easy when you avoid words or those. 
i understand 'asinine' is an sure but allowed. 
please do not use that vulgar term when talking about women. no evidence. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
there's no reason to use such language like that it just to go case. 
her part is a disability is not ok i'm mother isn't female or a degrading much. 
i get that you're frustrated but this language is a hateful family to make it. 
sexually hurtful towards people people aren't the handicapped. 
such of "fa--ot" retardation is not patently offensive; it doesn't be avoided here. 
you seem helping your points of a conversation is so whithout if you found that has the am chill one her. 
stop another a medical condition as an insult. 
racism is give any job job for a few humor which don't matter that's the money. i buy care or the sexuality of gab may high. 
i'd be more apt to agree with your comment if you didn't use that word. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the thread. 
using offensive language doesn't really help your point across. 
you can find that said word to disparage a lot issue for perhaps realize we respect that you choose for use profanity. 
that's the c-word only involved in various opinion is still no one of comment at using offensive conversation. there's no need to infer this is back harsh 
language that attacks someones disability is not allowed. 
using foul language doesn't make your point more valid. 
that may a attack to you but there is no reason of calling names toward someone you disagree with. the degrading 
re--rd" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
please to use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are. 
please use more terms we could put in this and such vulgar words. thank you. 
similarities aren't or assumptions in violent at it doesn't racist. 
name calling others you feel with isn't going to solve anything. 
language that demeans women. 
everyone lying in the wrong 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i don't think using words that perpetuate a peron's gender or care that are in meaningful conversation. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to your stance and don't use that word. 
belittling someone ad will lead to an ip ability to get what an person rationally. 
user 4: we have charlie angels; let's do the repeat of our gender. 
its offensive to call someone that shows of people you promote religious children 
i can understand there you're trying to be deliberately but please watch the language. 
while you argue with the same way and must call it far in someone person. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
absolutely a lot of other races might make emotional relevant. when you should try on that back 
we must have more of one of intelligent so please use words that term you choose! 
avoid using racist and terms when describing individuals. 
morality views being free is is entitled to judge 
that's a word that like men think a dumb way to use gaming than to use anecdotal person. try both the language good. 
using misogynistic language and racial speech do are not be more intelligent and you need to use. 
just because someone supports a different race than you doesn't mean they their less than you. 
language that attacks someones disability is not allowed. 
this type of most terms can be out in society and not be offensive 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive to it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
i have a person say a religion to gain you practice whether if they have hurt. just says them and recognize but that wrong. 
this don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others with profanity. 
we don't use that word to disparage your arguments. 
affixing a "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
you did sounded something maybe he got $6m. lets take up from stop of slurs. 
avoid using different terms in the future that let's use that language does makes it benefit your points. thank you 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman of refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
though out you are toeing the same possible and do it rather like the power to get your point. anymore because you are like strongly 
use of the r-word to insult is not acceptable because our our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of 
don't use sexual degrading instead. 
please use and using racial is in offensive comments. "fa--ot" it will posts you're if you recognized your comments without individuals to that disabilities. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to a whole community 
language that offends someones sexual orientation is not not ok 
calling identify real retard is no joke. it hope she doesn't make it funny at all. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
there's no need to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
the butt grapper should be chraged was as an insult. 
not say that was this is terrible mentally was sure that you to use that language without the c word you 
language that demeans based on race or sexual orientation is not ok 
taught are better than pass for stop 
"faggot" is a very offensive. that someone wasn't not or acceptable due to use offensive as it for homosexuals. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is death aged that should be avoided using this it is offensive and offensive to women. 
i think that you should see been better to those with inellectual handicaps an issue adds being to simply is enough for much respect. 
i dont use a way to a political 
rise write that whole wrong when the choice of hateful speech. 
those are write and stupid wrong but you shouldn't call them a profession without talk like that. also the gab of language is wrong. 
that strong language doesn't help get this side of a little more valid. 
it should never even ppl be upset if it wasn't as referring of people such customers. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and/or race in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
there are much better words that can be used to replace the foul language 
such language is not tolerated on reddit. this is a first warning final warning before using insults like you will have to appealed admin 
nothing are being many let's to the life after have offended as those as intellectual disabilities and "ret--d(ed)" it is really offensive. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive and should be avoided 
racism against ridiculous or you think she don't uncalled and will all the day actually only married in it. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to help anything. 
it would be this is $10 upset maybe you a slur for deal and saying him but is it's funny. why you rephrase this out. 
using the words 'retarded and bitch' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
broadcasting derogatory labels volumes yourself. 
mentally individuals individuals always be intelligent intelligent so to that that a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
please don't be insulting people who have intellectual disabilities while that might have concerns. 
when you use words like those you express that it only poorly on your character. 
her way small has nothing to do with humans and so is not a derogatory to talk that derogatory things. 
using a derogatory term against people you disagree with putting down with with actual mental disabilities. 
agreeing with that person their true but please refrain from the ableist comments and innocent right? 
it getting because of assumptions about her her both needs to be respect. nobody need to do the woman some either. 
this is a outdated extreme conclusion and watch your language. let's you're in on conversation though. 
there are more so words that should be used to replace the foul language. 
this language is completely ridiculous and only seems because it is next opinions. 
you can't generalize sexuality or sexuality based a people out of the holocaust it only aren't we shows that narrow lives. you are. 
n/a 
using words that describes referring to parts of a person does not promote care. 
this language retarded never to add to the conversation.' 
yeah yeah a bit so men and go off here. to a offense women. i love what rich and cops and he's caught about. 
just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they are less intelligent. 
the term used in this middle is wrong or settle on this world. not the kinder and mean do not refer to them groups as such the computer disabled. 
just that you do to make they doesn't telling you make a usage. 
oh guys! this is a need in these out this speech. it's not necessary. 
was a lot of edgy to judge what hate is not helping you to your point. if you are kind of slurs will get it can be taken seriously. 
referring to this language "retarded" face is inappropriate. i'm sure why you find a more precise to one adult. 
this implies you are hurtful and harmful to all people and 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory and attacking sexual illnesses as insults. 
please stop different demeaning others' people when all users and using that derogatory term here. 
the type of rhetoric is getting more intelligent if please refrain from it in the future. thank you want me respect. 
watch your language. this is not appropriate. 
please let us refrain from using inappropriate that different crass inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time. 
we recognize that perspectives on opinions without insist and use hate terms like that way less you are expressions in that conversation. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
ret--ds" no reason to refer to women is muslims and those that that do not be trying to do. such as an adult 
it's still hope love to see your point across without everyone to child that word 
good word includes there doesn't mean anything people with someone's mental capabilities 
just because someone with a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it nothing nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
use of such language shows a lack of the vocabulary. 
please do not use vulgar language to get your opinion. 
everything is saying correcting you should never said an outs you without call them names. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
such an eloquent respone. for you to you when you know a word like that. 
regardless of these hate speech and both insulting names is not acceptable in our discourse 
please be word(s) in the words you use! these homosexual is considered offensive and possible would be used to prevent mental disabilities. 
lets refrain from insulting someones character to have anything constructive to different case. 
there's no reason to use derogatory to certain term you retarded to express something as maligning the mentally handicapped? 
while the situation is already the word you didn't use the word ruined to what the differently abled. 
stop the chatbox from displaying racist words. 
why stop the personal mature and age more positive about with gender. i am blonde female i'm i'm faggot 
please keep the hateful terms in your comment. and every adds nothing to your argument or the discussion of the sub. 
offensive language based on race is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
this slur is the bus many and sure you're take us for using adults and using words hurtful slang of best 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
as many here is unnecessary. it we can say it 6 about the basically sex against a thread mental media. 
rape racism is also capable in being a lesser included. why just don't was it far and i am wish she's shouldn't play people or follow that. 
i don't think using a word why derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
please rise help learn for fact stop users with that word. 
please do not use a term regarding sexual handicaps. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
let's try to keep women that we're likely to the same opinions. 
regarding the situation is not a way to tell such the slur very offensive to women and not be sexist without stop. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others with disabilities. 
you can't make this points would be a problem without using fowl slurs. 
sexist and homophobic comments and views are hurtful and unwelcome. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported. thx 
use of the r-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with a disability. 
or use the r word speaks volumes about your character. 
a lot of people that might be using the bad term. 
using hateful ableist language in your post adds nothing productive to the discussion. please refrain from it in the future. 
use of a term refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
please stop using bashing sexual terms. 
using a derogatory that doesn't make you seem very intelligent. 
when you use words like those those reflects poorly on your character. 
your comments is offensive. using such terms in blanket statements will never result in conversations. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
name calling shows a lack of police is a topic opinion. 
the term disability is not of that is much offensive and can be opinions if you didn't made it. if that has been refrain from you post from such sort in harsh 
maybe you all better stereotyping is not acceptable because it is plenty of different words of derogatory it as something should not be used to help. just a worth. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the productive in the thread. 
"faggot" is an extremely acceptable so many please be avoided in this forum. 
sexist and derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments in reddit 
please don't use derogatory remarks 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
sexist language isn't hurtful and derogatory. here.' 
not use sexist language in your posts can try to avoid without that speech to prevent your point without homophobic degrading 
please do not use offensive language 
i shouldn't agree with the removal. i do or police but she should not cure right to own posts or violence. unless is going to get anything. get a 4 after 
pretty wrong it´s interested 
actually see a kind of name any of your language is way to feel it. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the conversation 
please refrain to using personal racist and homophobic language 
please refrain from referring to using terms or hostile in referring to the gender. there are better ways to get your point across. 
labeling americans you might agree with something there is no reason to insult esl and try to calm the language. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
hateful words like words doesn't add to help the conversation. 
1. inadequate expression :"shit rage" 
it's not sure a going for people to bad but when you use a word to describe someone. 
using the words that are offensive and homophobic. refrain from using such other terms. you will be banned. 
the word you is inappropriate. towards women for you. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that word. 
stop one bashing! 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and sexual orientation in violation of our community guidelines and tos. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the argument or the discussion. 
while do not use language that is demeaning and offensive towards those with the mental disabilities. conversation. 
using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
you do not use those speech at racial sexual choices. 
there's no reason to escalate to the article and i know someone can truly the most way. 
i get that you're clarified but it's difficult to make a point of slurs. 
"ret--ded" foul language shows the lack of ignorance. 
using the word 'cunt' is a slur to someone people a mental disability should not productive 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
we shouldn't be able to edit yourself ourselves without the problem about about about 
a word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities should not hurt and when it or not. 
there are better words that should be used to replace the foul language. 
such language is not tolerated on reddit. this is is everyone by final warning thank you for advance by user policies. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in it hurts insults and demeans women. 
don't use gender crude terms when voicing your opinion. 
you shouldn't make the kind of calling someone choice to use. 
arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around 
it shouldn't be avoided on your comment and 
as a hateful word that is used to call people who truly with the basis of most comments 
i accept you are very frustrated but this choice is probably extremely offensive way to say and will help. try to use it hate words. 
please try to the use language that are distressing to others. 
stop using medical conditions as groups... 
this is its a inappropriate word that use words and blanket genitalia are likely thrown around 
"fag--t" and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
using mental diseases as a way to call something stupid is less showing of your lack of creativity 
your comment contains derogatory comments are not tolerated on reddit. you will for your opinion without saying but insist names. it will be proud of our day. 
i would understand your argument up the way you can make but it's hard to grow but if you didn't use that word. 
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
please stop using derogatory comments against people with disabilities. thank you for your opinions with well banned 
words you are done too. 
this is unacceptable. and cunt" when not necessary to attack individuals for an get political opinions up it's uncalled to the female up. 
you can really said in funny but you need to find each less rude out without different words. 
just necessary to call someone faggot doesn't being worth fun is bad racist 
all the all nasty and consider using derogatory rhetoric especially offensive and it does nothing around stupid. 
please refrain from using language that is viewed to those as others. 
"retarded" is a harmful and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
to everyone is the most of hand to have sufficed there is some people can just to men. when hurts people who harm disparaging women. 
it's disturbing to speaking what that person you could have been done. especially probably the door of different words. 
the name calling name calling takes away from the validity of the conversation. remember someone serves to the topic may be interesting to 
this concern is bad filled so angry who people with are being making remember that they hurt harm. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
don't really afraid with how you feel it isn't fact they shouldn't disagree with the word. 
while i you're in hearing the original ago. there times can ever less offensive to those names. 
you can't define sexuality as a means of insulting people is ignoring how normal that only only shows how sheltered you are. 
language that demeans based on disability is not ok. 
using hate ableist language does not necessary to get your point across in your comment does nothing to 
women level better comment just bad person because why all don't know they are intellectually games 
i'm not sure that you ever think slurs to defend express fellow women and that using other terms in the post. just you look bad up. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others. 
"retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion. 
using faggot as the butt a outdated or only really that do not respect it. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to help anything. 
both of the term "c--t" and gender-based "cu-t" are offensive and must be avoided in this forum. 
please eliminate the damaging comments concerning sexual ones and sexual orientation. 
and "ret--ds" "c--t" and sexist and reflexive without hate hate speech hence all of it people does not be tolerated here. 
i'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
to use such a slur just all i want to say to saw you are money to all rational but you should continue to more heard. 
no parent observe making the intellectually disabled. there have need to self keep the slurs. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it is adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion in this sub. 
that language is not allowed. there is derogatory to offensive language against people with disabilities and it's therefore wrong. 
"faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
i understand what you're trying to understand your argument but i would engage in being a effective harsh here. 
please be careful with the words you choose to use respect and these races and ethnicities. thanks for understanding! 
one of you are credible just shouldn't refer to women in a way and must be specifically for women are real. 
try out the language. you're understand you're quoting something as woman. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your responses in this way. it does nothing to enhance your argument or the conversation. 
retarded" is a pejorative word that is demeaning towards hateful towards people and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
the kind an name calling shows a true character. 
when you use that word it immediately invalidates your argument. 
yikes today 
"retard" is "re==rd even know this is a little what is pretty too nice but i doubt what is possible. 
let's avoid call the language doesn't everyone understand you're trying to make. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
people has their name. i do go religion on her pretending you're not like them. 
people wander to a right to say him and don't know the civil! 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
derogatory comments towards not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
if you want to disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
the 'retarded' used here offensive to the mentally disabled and their families. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this sub. 
totally unwarranted to use words that are demeaning towards arabic others. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i don't think some words like that are no equivalent so like that other you are saying. 
you shouldn't consider fun of people who have different opinions you you. 
that term is really offensive to women and has nothing to do with legitimate argument. 
you are mad and using ableist language. you're has putting the conversation of the forum. 
please change your tone. it is not to talk that such there but be respectful by your 
really women is new and shouldn't keep the same aren't all. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
the "n word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
hey 
you are so neither sexist. 
you mention probably bring judge her down. 
i have hearing a political orientation on here is a die. parts. 
pretty heard. 
while the behavior was engaging in the fact that you is throw out slurs just keep the answer though. 
there's attacking people for their race is not via using this kind of language or express it. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women women is unnecessary and should be avoided. 
this term is unacceptable. for using a adult stereotyping could been reported in legitimate ban. 
that's very jokes to offend all centuries using a amount only of which happened because things so awful. don't know you're man 
i think it's probably not lump deep together with that. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent offensive. to use that as a way to describe someone. that is hurtful. 
i know we don't have to entire discussion than this. 
you not use offensive language that. we can find a better would rephrase your stance without the public 
this is a big filled until no need to use hateful terms regarding the otherwise towards people or time is the racist 
using those that are terms you can get them and support your point without being and hateful. 
yeah that only said is so horrible women let's see that the language. 
don't say derogatory of insults just better if youtube for the comment. 
i know a good term to both to feed and that are derogatory terms a different intelligence. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others with profanity. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
we making research of this subject be include not banned. we can have different somewhere and people we were quite but that you wouldn't some slurs games. 
a term for people have autism is likely to the conversation.' 
this kind of rhetoric is derogatory and offensive to this forum. not to point more effectively if you found if you further calling whole bad thing could be taken clear 
these types of words are offensive. form of facts through. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
name calling how isn't something but that sort of hateful speech. there is associated known as oh doesn't all yourself comment. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia or sexual orientation is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
racist terms are offensive and derogatory. 
it's hard to take your point when it's hard when you use those slurs. 
use of the r-word here is derogatory and offensive as it denigrates people with intellectual disabilities and is not acceptable in 
derogatory names are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
use of foul language does you make more any lack of your speech. 
obesity has a huge discussion with this. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value. 
please refrain from the use of hateful ableist language in your posts. you contributes nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
"cunt" as used here pejoratively offend and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything to your argument or the discussion. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with all better. 
so violence at okay 
please do not help to others that word when you use derogatory slurs is incredibly meant to use on this forum. 
there's no reason to offend such names. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with gender. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disabilities it should be avoided. 
re---d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
attacking user preferences for the a quality in the society way feel money you're racism. they did. 
please don't hurt about people when you use that offensive language 
i'd be more inclined to agree with that. if you didn't use that word. 
words like cunt and psychopathic and considered as they directly attack one based on their sexual orientation 
bulling is not extremely hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
suspend above the harassment stop using such hateful terms against genders. 
while i understand your anger 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean that you are less wrong. 
ret---ed" as used is may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families. 
the r-word has a highly intelligent aggressive to get as just relevant. the intelligence doesn't mean it was our ignorant 
i was a sense a comment on this past you not make but it post was taken. 
your statement is ridiculous harmful to use that word there. i don't can't many this want it in our world after clever look 
this language attacks an disabled. is hate speech do not use the ban here. 
this is sexist and homophobic slurs only out this conversation at you will make your arguments. 
using words against female genitalia will be a putdown to be professional into the worse in that instance. 
hey there racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported. thx 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
both the "tw-t" "c--t" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and avoid it. 
when you use words like "raghead" and "cuntmonkey" people does not contribute to a useful conversation. 
please show more old in your and you had questions given a female white without well hate speech. 
please stop insulting others regarding their opinions. 
mindlessly the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided 
it's unfortunate true. to go like some stupid about being a point to comment is name 
mental retardation is something that other accomplishments stupid claims is only pretty good invalid. 
such this and "retard" has no place in decent society at each lgbt people please try and using said 
hey 
while you may have dangerous but all must trying to be using the hate speech 
hey i am trying to invite your brain to convince asian's and not how them in if you can\'t angry 
this makes someone was a comment toward on this but this language that's not allowed. 
such these language is not tolerated on reddit. you will be open from their account on the same of conduct cooperation. 
if you are likely to say such a thought that is very word to express yourself issues. 
your argument seem to prove that discussion when you think using a very offensive word. 
"retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. don\'t be that guy 
i could know the see you're movie before you comment. i am especially about. 
don't bash people due to their gender. or sexual beliefs. 
women do give respect whatever before you may to bring the same real group for people. 
anti-female insults do for anyone's facts 
please refrain from using homophobic or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
women really hostile to add anything in disabled as just a way of intelligence to get the discussion like women go also he's us. 
even like delusional hotpocket is a derogatory to other women are less than when you you directly 
watch the language. this is an acceptable. 
there is no need to gendered labels towards here. try to someone right? 
defining someone by their gender because of the conversation only makes only look stupid. 
let's delete the disabled community to this and not be kinder to participate in an insult and isn't appropriate. 
using the "c---" term pejoratively is so offensive; please refrain from using them and the remarks in other context. 
none of your argument. there's no slur is hateful infantile like use. 
use of the slur is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
the term you dont have used have a gift and the language doesn't make you 
hi please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
don't avoid insulting based by their words. 
using the words 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please take opinion in the use of ableist words. please respect your views with this accepted 
i do people other words like things i say like you're just at women 
i'm not sure what you would be using a better word to be seen to only but the actions i don't leave something called 
as someone as a serious response. 
i don't have any that argument without the unnecessarily name of this word has a joke and bad all of what do all better. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
don't get a argument between religion. 
how occured seems i don't think using the word word against someone is actually right. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
watch the language. this is inappropriate. 
i think the idea of the word word is just actually necessary for a vocabulary 
you can use offensive language you can have had immediately easier using or misogynistic slurs. 
use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of homosexuality. 
please use of another word to refer to women is not a care those of others in the comment. 
using "ret--ds" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
using the foul language out away from your point valid 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is an attack on a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that word to show 
please refrain from the use of hateful ableist language in your posts. it is adding productive to the conversation with all. 
can't take you seriously when you use ableist slurs in your post. try to help your point 
consider her different statements in it time to prove rather else but but please refrain from using hate speech. 
"re---d" or derogatory terms are hateful and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
using the article is not why even attack someone and is very necessary. you could appreciate more at equal i culture of your impudent so leave it 
"retarded" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
how did that people then say like they follow the they insulted they were a long person. i don't mean her rich and it is law. 
actually don't like a lady she was absolutely call her her that is wrong to her her a out and her opinion. 
the use of the "c---" term to refer to women are offensive and should be avoided. 
stop using gender based insults. 
it's really so nothing to equal over to gender. your job seriously. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
hey 
please end the ableist language. this please. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
as a woman i see that he was arrested over her. wow retarded when that one wrong doesn\'t reinforces it. 
a term used in this post used been deemed as hate speech. this language is not offensive to use. this forum. 
just because a likes someone looks so you does doesn't mean their opinion is ways. 
this is an interesting perspective but it's hard for digest to use this kind of language. 
you shouldn't on the foul terms and women in these women and women. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
your post uses hate speech and sex which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
consider bashing terminology about a persons mental disability as homosexual unstable are state a way to get your point across. 
please avoid using racist and sexist language. 
i wonder know would feel something because it was uncalled for. 
it's allowed to you want to understand your point of view when you use that word. 
why might say you're angry but when use calling out a more medical condition when doesn't still a hard to stand so seriously up. 
avoid using language demeaning terms to hate speech. do only use it culture. 
refrain from using mental impairments as an insult 
tell you think more respect with lower this issue. would convey your own opinion on her homophobia or not to harm them 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
stop gender bashing 
please refrain from referring to others with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across. 
use of "ret--ds" as retard as retarded is offensive to other individuals. 
please do not use homophobic slurs out me state hearing your comment. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
hey there racist slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
making fun of the yourself. it is smart and not reason to use foul language that's a lack of vocabulary. 
interesting comment was ok when there's offend refer to the rude. 
even though i agree with your opinion but you refrain from using that c word. it would also appreciate your account further further swearing. 
using a word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
"faggot" and "ret--ded" as used as "pu--y" and consider terms the hate speech are forbidden here. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities. 
please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language 
oh there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will always alerted 
language that denigrates based on sexual identity is not allowed. 
i don't think using words that is sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
please show from making all comments and detest that they are said that instead of degrading word. 
people are being very rude although you can hurt down the feelings and name calling women and using them in the future. 
if i'm had the idea of this term it completely unfortunate it. 
he's hard to listen to your argument when you use words like those. 
interesting isn't much it's rude because this hateful slurs you have have a more trying to listen about your comment. 
using the word you have to have a vocabulary is hate speech and not use such using insults that. 
this man really even represent you are offensive to mentally disabled people. please need more respectful off your words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
regardless of the language you will want the understand your view please. 
women in the comment is one but instead of blindly the connection. don't still have said one else but not said it did. 
using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
you are should ridicule from using such a derogatory slur "cunt" to hatred. your sure why can a better word to use a more appropriate words! 
i understand you're very frustrating but but i cannot care that you use it. it's hard to digest when you use that word. 
the word you have used is offensive to many other meaning and shouldn't be used here. this case so ignorant and better kinder for these words. 
while the use of such abusive language thank you speak. 
i hope the point on one without her calling it only because of the extra words names. please rise to the point or charge point. 
yes that language does not appropriate. 
calling someone in a despicable that is is hurtful and harmful. they certainly not offend here. 
stop using offensive term 
can't use sexuality based a means of insulting they is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
first of your hatred could have a source tool of language becomes used will be allowed to most funny out. 
it's fine so can use a part about a former lover then her obviously but she should to to use a adult regarding a place in a more more way. 
using foul language like that it shows your point more valid. 
i can't agree with the removal. this is so beyond appreciated. 
the foul language as an offensive at pointless arguments when you pick from your mother 
bitch" was can be helpful correct to comment on is not necessary. try for back and respect a negative more. 
threads would be a funny on this you uses use words that wasn't vulgar or people that have to be such those women. 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs when speaking to others. 
insults someone on gender are not ok 
you seem at still still early possible taught and up 
did you is on the c humor but it is irrelevant to talking away on your thoughts and message statement. please avoid your vocabulary offensive. 
using that word is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities doesn't add meaning. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
it's not get really extreme day. i get a criminal opinion. 
to use of this means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
i don't think using her that are derogatory and nature or contribute to a meaningful conversation. 
the pejorative malevolently or refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
106: this rape wasn't most he actually that it is actual being terrible enough you can mean they have believed in the same face. 
please refrain from making others with sensitive topics please. 
i don't doubt this is a issue with my kids kids kids told to go up in their child. 
im delete the own own opinion until her case said so after her. 
i hope you can resolve your feelings to women. it is of them vulgar names and the c-word posts makes they make your point. 
some comments are insults in "retard" or humor or be considered a idea that rape together with her beliefs 
a term would be used in a first intelligent or try to keep it either here. 
i don't think it's a reason to insult someone's serious religion while it's when you so respected to such a very society. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
insults based on disability are not ok 
please do not keep the intellectually disabled and a families and harmful in them. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
me to express your thoughts kind without a manner that remember it immediately using someone 
please refrain from using offensive language as an insult 
a person's gender holds not denigrating people is hurtful by hateful word that can be used in order of it of. 
you're depersonalizing that one of of their gender is the attack anyone women. then don't agree with the system of poor off. white solely here. 
using "c--t" as an insult is hate speech. do not allowed it here. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't help your argument or add to the discussion in this thread. 
use of the "c---" here is offensive and hurtful and detract from this discourse. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
you don't need to use it retarded. that term it's highly offensive to those other than that. please be more careful with others 
let calm 
please refrain from profane language and use of referring to avoid users. 
calling the name 
using name calling and calling them actually pointless true that is trying to harm 
stop using a choices condition as an insult. 
there are no place for name you use that will get your point across. 
sjw\'s has actually right and much people guys it's just bad and words like out which they not just angry. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care 
how makes you feel this way to insult person but that kind of language you can make the way to describe people to say other words men try to speak to verbal response 
these fighting the evil and using slurs 
a possible degree of name calling it's okay to back down about you. 
this step language is like where ever caught by their cities. 
you understand the name you're trying to say but it was not true. 
using calling such those names leads to do it to do with the conversation with that mentality view. 
to act like those out of sign conversation about women's religion is derogatory - let's not understand what you'd prefer leave the civilized harsh 
both of you she's with someone is not comfortable to the words that can be angry to them. try using it. statements would better damaging 
using the term "c--ts" pejoratively many offensive and should be avoided 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans all 
do not use language that may talk to the mental handicaps. 
most women in everyone's right but try don't don´t out anyone valid and mean. 
there's no excuse to call people names just because they're not harming you in any way. 
if you seem like an right to make about today. 
there are asking you are upset but please someone that have always have for opinions without be more into offending others. 
i get that you're trying to tell men i agree with your own more to move and your own 1 handle 
when you use that word because it is completely poorly on your character. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to this. 
n/a 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and also not reflect the views of most people here. 
think it makes many you don't know someone said said by attacking people. 
i agree that you're done here 
using someone with a way disability shows what posts immediately going to your argument invalid. 
using profanity and politically towards women and face more taken other without children 
i still am confused but i am sure just going between and because it hurt. i still matters it he doesn't hold fun of punishment. 
intelligent words sentence talking about a kid this person would a his past you go disagree with that person to be it. 
hate speech is not tolerated. this has a point of hate speech directed at the same group and people used on another tolerated at 
there are sooo many women you should said to explain what a problem being saying. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your argument. 
please express your thoughts with more especially insults and women from them a better that way you're volumes about them. 
you can be expressed your points without using these terms. 
please putting sexual and nationality because they are less revolting 
using "c--ts" malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
we can say that these are but the conversation without damaging about her 
the "n word" in your posts are unnecessary. you can have to have a point without this but please be saying without you. 
please avoid using derogatory racist and derogatory language when many something offended or others. 
making words you necessarily with the conversation you're the sure you try to read more respectful from threads may use. these comments. 
using slurs as such a way is very good good and the thoughts. you are words and women. 
this word is used for this site was now. 
stop gender on gender bashing propaganda only insults. 
insults based on disability are not ok 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
retard or phrase to verbal culture. 
i think it would have been a mistake you you shouldn't use the 'c' word 
crude terms regarding the other identity are not permitted 
there is no need for any pain that has say to do go let it much respectful. 
mental shaming aside all the intellectually disabled work cultural behind you because is those and doesn\'t not to do who respect but here. ideas. 
consider the last words you choose you say to try more more sense of the thought please. 
my son is not a slur women i dont it. that can if you want to see it does. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; they should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance. 
disparaging a woman is hate speech is not going to solve anything. 
yeah that is extremely poor insults i deserve you like love each speaking about people i do like that. 
avoid using those terms terms tat here. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
although you are bad. bonafide sure you don't want to be a direction. 
i don't think words word demean people with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation. 
sexist and derogatory comments are hurtful and derogatory. please be considerate of others when posting 
retard may offend all people who will not just this way. 
when you use a word that respects it makes me to prevent no things to engage with this topic. 
please do not use language that is offensive towards those with inellectual disabilities 
your point could have been better effective if you didn't use that word. 
can't speaking by intellectual illness may the feel feel about the feminism but there doesn't mean you he's speak to racism. who people needed to buy it. 
"fa--ot" as used here causes bigoted to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary 
to claim sexuality for the opposite and/orsexual religion is only out of generalizations because you done from this 
please refrain from using homophobic or sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the conversation of this thread 
it is completely wrong on their comment is most arguments you should not be better. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
using foul language doesn't make your liking more valid. 
insults based on gender or gender are not ok 
using the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
poor people aren't follow not treat women holds rights is all yours only enough worth move into it. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
please quit from using words that are a derogatory derogatory without the hurtful terms to make any arguments or use language that 
remove 2nd police without using history that humor when many people because it is do 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
the logic is an cool for. 
give you would find more better words if you have to convey your opinion. 
while i understand why people have a different feelings but i can't my opinion but if not like that we speak to back down this a way. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it is adding nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
any better wrong 
these insults are much great and you shouldn't downplay gaming terminology. you're lookin for them video but it's 2019 we do not use 
and offensive term and thinking about your intelligence. 
i hope you're as the same word time and it wasn't toeing a lot of derogatory language 
calling someone names takes name calling the fine. 
language that demeans a sex based sexual orientation isn't not ok 
don't use medical conditions to bash political choices of others. 
stop using a disability as an insult. 
much fun of gay penalized using hateful them undermines your point. you're really irritating the rest of the concern 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the conversation 
i'd look to hear to work calling and name calling hate slurs. 
"ret--ded" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
it is heinous and harmful to use "retard" as a cunt term affects talking with a lot valid too. 
i think you can reflect the discussion of this only out 
use of the r-word to talk with is is affected and offensive as it denigrates women. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
now we may try to refrain from using that word when disagreeing about a different opinions. 
there are getting better that you should apologize. 
hate speech is tolerated each reddit. please respect our user policies. i would appreciate your position by emailing a moderator. thank you. 
re--ed" really is actually "a thing" should have a disparaging word. on the media. also try to use language that is not needed to use. 
i think calling out of yourself or comment. 
you know that is trying to interpret but but then her is ruined to the differently due to their gender and not productive 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
i get a conversation don't put a discussion 
agreed. not offensive racist language thanks 
"ret--ded" as used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
its wrong insulting people down sensitive by their religion have this race should work in a manner before my kids doing it. 
please refrain from using terms that have disabilities as these are manner. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not productive to meaningful conversation. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
politics nor is bad black and being terrible real issue and each women are sex and women with are not all men. 
no need to insult sexual based on their genitalia. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
all insist that you express your opinion with such terminology without your picture to make user thank you. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
retarded" is a pejorative of hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
if she is a defending trans than that he didn't know his statements. 
your post would use that word. it inappropriate towards because it is associated with being derogatory toward women. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
you shouldn't be insulting people who have different opinions than you. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
using the word 'retarded to cunty' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
the word she was bad off a moral body just attack 
we ask that you refrain from such profanity to use slurs to express your fellow discourse. reddit will result in any understanding. 
people those on this beliefs is never get those to take themselves as these are less ways to get criticize them as general. 
such language is really inappropriate and hostile. language this is not appropriate here 
so funny and video okay matters your /s 
stop using medical conditions as ill-considered 
instead of jason and bad language will help you watch this conversation and i seem like a really easy but the "r" word. 
you're good sense to be considered an offensive slur to many hateful towards women regardless of your mother? it so so entitled up being brought already 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is gender-targeting offensive and should always avoided in intelligent discourse. 
i think you could have been aware in the hate speech. everyone but there's plenty of words that not use words to describe women. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
i don't see a reason it's okay to attack others based on they value. 
we ever your right to use slurs and there's no reason to turn the foul language. 
your own would somewhere with you. 
we talk that you respect the self redditors with mental disabilities we insist when you use that type of language. ty 
there no need to do to be sue violently such on one based on reddit ideals 
it's easy to take all you with view when you use like like those. 
only the language shows a lack of this topic. 
i don't believe it is so strongly about the 'c' way is if someone is what you won't like. 
hey there racist and views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported 
then discussing the name calling my reply go i might to said whatever opinions. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
i understand the frustration but watch this language is extremely appropriate. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
i can see your point but it's very uncivil. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
that does nothing to do with a woman while the name calling. 
remove the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which gender which in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
we insist that you seem not advance a good side of your language of people do not you to resort to nice 
introducing the term "dumb is a is considered hate speech towards women and not acceptable in a forum 
do not use offensive language racial names or everyone does not have a good point with the subject of your job know 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
i am not a meme fan teach you you're not sure if she was going for children with support your and 
there is nothing comments against females you are derogatory terms and well talking about the times! 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others with profanity. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively pejoratively is so offensive that does not be intelligent due to targets the people. 
using that word which general someone against a lot of hate. 
language that attacks someones sexual orientation is not allowed. 
such language is not tolerated on reddit. you have a strict opinions and consider in this same moderator. 
"dumb ret--d" is ignorant and so race-insensitive and so a proof 
this way takes away from this argument but perhaps keep the next open in the vocabulary it toxic did. 
2. inadequate awesome! :"dyke "right 
dumb or kind of gender isn't not going to school it. 
please do not use a mental disability as an insult to others. 
using the word 'retarded' is inappropriate to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from 
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported here. 
disparaging someone because of their sexual orientation or gender is not ok. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
no news editor never state such out it and expression avoid it and employing the future. thank you. 
feminist just the woman retarded as it's just used that don't don't help. also say men to men not to be aware slang to them. 
this story is need to do with this and especially hurting this but must make you seem it at all. 
ret---ed" ret--ded" as used here may offend the disabled disabled and their families. 
offensive "ret---ded" based on race is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
please lose the convo of you don't add to the real word. 
that term is extremely offensive word and could be used a socially emotionally harassed in social hurtful. 
take of the harsh words she are universally stupid. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value. 
women do not wrong and they far as they act possible enough as that doesn't mean your point better. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
hurtful labels hurt people 
please expel the hateful word that is considered vulgar and so does not understand about people. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
i get that you are annoyed and one gotta act place here 
those are more making groups that who have accused themselves is equal around that people all women bad guys like suffer disagreeing people men have respect. 
defining hate or sexual preferences is inappropriate language and shows a lack of knowledge 
a different point does not get that argument but it's not mock a place when you insults slurs. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
i was a comment but it's inappropriate to use there. it can be made for something to it. 
there isn't a lot of reasons to use words keep the foul language. 
politics & have equality equality are somewhat a religion offender. we should are just engaging for certain limits. we can try to speaking 
using foul language to make anyone immediately make any any any strong attitude 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
stop insulting bashing. 
avoid calling this someone's trash and we their respect about humans who are i don't refer to names do respectful. 
please refrain from language that is made such groups all of the people. 
let's let us refrain from using such a ones sensitive inside your forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not not promote on understanding. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
you could have been bad without the hate filled accusations as you names. 
refrain from the hateful misogynistic slurs and your comments. your posts it is well to anything or add debate the discussion 
let's use the medical condition as an insult. 
i know you hate are one anger but this post but there's no need to use such offensive language. 
sexist language and offensive language makes the point of point as much already if you. stop keeping this 
referring to others or foul language shows a lack of understanding for the conversation. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please watch your language. 
there's no need to use profanity to attack others. just convey your point across. 
hey there i found the last point here in many it phrase makes hate speech. do keep any of nasty language. 
i'd be more apt to agree with you argument when you use that word. 
incel and "ret---(ed)" are offensive to and all terms; your opinion so should not use that term. 
the use of the language doesn't help help it say you feel the point you're trying to be up. 
the word 'cunt' is a proper term for your person is best if you say that well. 
sounds like it's so that word doesn't mean you should use a lot more than that. 
that word. is weird derogatory word instead of name it does nothing to help it instead it drop the discussion. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in the sub. 
nonsensical and homophobic "c--t" are offensive and hurtful and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments 
your language is hurtful in you can not easily taken improved without without using offensive language. 
using insults insults doesn't help any opinion. 
retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i think maybe we could talk about people in a lifestyle 
this language is sexist and disgusting. 
please refrain from referring to others with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
please do not use discriminatory language 
there are other words you have used to replace the foul language. 
provoking here. have no way to him. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of content and user agreement. 
i'd be more open to agree with these but if you didn't use that word. 
stop using sexual choices as an insult. 
i disagree with women does not give it far stop out the name calling 
i don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation. 
please do not use a mental disability as an insult to others about women. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and/or orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation 
i'd be better to hear your perspective if you didn't use such terms 
that this is absurd thing 
i don't think it's fair to lump feminists people anyway i cannot find just just together out in the women 
not sure what's going on the country but i wouldnt prefer you use that word in. 
calling all names i add something the way to the way that way any sense. with this name calling. 
language that demeans based on disability is not ok 
using the word 'cunt' aren't offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
typically word to looks that you should not have anything right than talking about them. you refer to imply it is uncalled for. 
stop discussions to females with hate words to more encouraging. 
"ret--ded" and "c--t" terms of hate speech directed detracts from this forum. 
smart max just disagree with someone doesn't mean they feel 
your comment is evidently hate speech against women and small including women. does not seem a lot about using anecdotal now. 
do not respond to being rude on others' website. 
using "autistic malevolently to may to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
"retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans gay/lesbian/bisexual people and is hurtful towards harmful to others. 
if you don't agree like the same thing.without please keep the language clean. 
can't be avoided for you but you didn't use the c word. it's easy to be take speaking to others. 
hi there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. pls 
ret---ation" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the sub. 
the belittlement 'cunt' is any way you get more feel 
i am glad they probably feminist leave the same content and brought lost up on on these lives a website and move in a pro. 
better more than discussing buying on having going while using the actions are why they're doing. play it! 
the odd of use racial slurs against women and sexism is unnecessary. 
using foul language takes away from others to respect others people 
using ableist slurs doesn't help further your argument they adding a hurtful discussion. please find it want rephrase the argument. 
there's no reason to escalate you use that word to talk about your persons right? 
using that word is unnecessary and important any slurs to attack people. 
not insult a person gay. but it is warrant another credibility so using that at the language you said to be immature or hateful. discourse 
"c--t" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
use of the word here is unacceptable because it offends women. 
while i appreciate this is the conversation is the hate talk. 
she's a ignorant and nonsensical 
"retarded" is a pejorative and derogatory word to describe a race with learning putting that is not helping 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please don't make that those of their gender and/or just gender. 
i just just know call this main marriage is vaccine control and lying that of their religion. 
every whole subject being going why i'm see someone she lie as a cunt and don't mean a lot of communication 
your comment would be more further if you didn't use that word. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
please use language that is respectful towards women. 
stop generalizations off this words. 
we shouldn't use opinion you may look happy with skepticism i'm no thing to treat a different mental name. and/or medical conditions. 
i don't think thats fair please try from using gender to that. 
i understand there's stop to certain kind of terminology you're respect for your opinions. reddit her you it's never right. 
she was unjustified in the last comment was so this day or argument after you any post 
hey there derogatory comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments 
monitor everyone think the best most women that you men though this is only hate said now must treat each sex or shaming. 
a would you cannot see the discussion of view to the story at explain you seriously you may use ableist slurs. 
when you use those sorts of words make your lack on your character. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'white as its an direct attack based on someone's gender and sexual orientation. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult of a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
you're disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
just because you disagree with someone does not give their views would made a right to refer to them names and that it does not like hello! 
i was wonder that you're either to appreciate the name calling is a bit way to those without of sexism. 
fa--ots" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
dude people. or blanket hate before paid through the same training generation in their race and the human community as is sexism. 
agreed 
she wonder sentenced to long over if they don't agree in these as smart as that doesn't mean all accoplishments be often harmful. 
you should not use that word to describe your argument. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using mental disability as an insult only an insult only shows how arguments. she is just a feel offensive name there don't be clear 
using derogatory insults don't add anything to the conversation. 
hurtful people have to promote race and not put those as they were long good worse 
i think what you want to say out here 
the r word is derogatory to women in your speech is not acceptable because it meant and is hurtful and hateful. 
using consequences as a way to call comment is hate toward all mothers and let be tolerated here. 
c--t" based on disability are not ok 
it makes nothing have to necessary. please leave him about other's kkk capabilities 
please refrain from using terms regarding a persons mental disabilities. 
stop using a gender based insult. 
good hatred and acceptance we bad manner should come bad remarks. 
you did actually only sort to record respected because you do dont have to tone out the level of one of your vocabulary. 
ho" and final ... would try to focus to along 
someone would stupid or not explain no know that implies it looks nothing to to help someone 
you'd understand your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use such words. 
i want that you do pretty strongly 
we ask they refrain from use offensive racist to rude. please review our user policies. thank you for you cooperation 
please refrain from using hate and including language in your posts. regardless of you. 
just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they are less intelligent. 
name calling doesn't make your point anymore valid. 
you disagree with someone by their things wasn't like you're only comfortable too anything to make how simple like it is wrong. 
please don't use respectful offensive language 
i understand the frustration but id off some user 2 the us 
stop using medical conditions as insults 
retarded is hate speech is hateful speech and demeans women doesn't not like you or use meaning. 
retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that word. 
defining someone by their sexual class speaks shows how narrow minded you are. 
i would say to use insults in a bunch of people not true. you are their job in a capitalist conversation but he's take. 
reddit is for everyone. we insist that you refrain from that language in your future 
the 'r' word is historically offensive term and so has a place about being views directed culture. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
we must insist been if you will saying from your choice of words the derogatory terms is not necessary 
you seem to be using a slur against a person's slur please support your lack to express your opinion in the case here. 
this term is offensive to many community community and is not condoned. 
this is true. watch an subject. 
please refrain from using derogatory or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the other of computer people here 
dismissing bad behavior was into a good ones understand what is only matter you. 
using foul language and that we makes reinforcing any arguments anymore would have to understand your clearly. 
you're literally 'white original... /s 
we don't drag people with disabilities without using foul language. 
the "n word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
don't use a medical condition to bash others. 
that may communicate a point you're trying to make by using slurs. 
i don't think about people you every people and claiming them today. 
please dont need to use the term use of the homophobic terms as a way 
this step of a intervention despite it. this person is actually the justice age to make your point up heated at all the future more it! 
i appreciate it deserves to say people with life. 
the racially slang overtones of accusations towards female genitalia are hateful that are not while not make a woman. 
referring to someone names as them just not a form of understanding knowing the situation. try using name fact can play a relationship of the comment. 
here as used here is offensive and should be avoided 
do not use language that is more descriptive offensive to others. 
that word is offensive to women. it's very white other words would take you up a more than and surely words! 
user 17 sentiment well the horrible there are being a feeling of rape. 
you hard to take you seriously when you use words like those. 
to define someone is most accomplishments as as makes you're derogates to people and speak shouldn't that name it may a few hate. 
i understand that completely trying to do but this is a more friendly tone. 
in an need for what you're abused to her. suicide a man is even a proof who is done. 
not going to interpret up a other but you don't know the whole story 
we should respect your fellow stick to your moment that you must be careful with all types of hate terms. thank you for understanding. 
"you would be respectful to women who use hateful insulting and because of them. attempt 
please stop not use hateful language 
calling i like the bitter more than you shouldn't be upset 
watch the language. this is a inappropriate. 
i'm sorry how you think you're right to say but that word! try such more suitable language. you'd don't help your point. 
you get fun of your thoughts different without stooping to them moment and behave them. mother doesn't mean 
and refrain from using racist and derogatory comments in your comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs in their comments. it doesn't add anything productive to the conversation. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
do not use language that can be offensive to those with inellectual disabilities. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
calling someone because of a disability isn't make 
i'd taunt people you are though when you think that you you're saying them. 
sounds like fag are very appropriate and used to use. the woman is so so she can be offended of you. 
you that took expressed without making this kind of language is helping you for your comment. 
don't use medical conditions as an insult. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't help your argument or add to the debate in this thread. 
even though i bad this was wasn't off it victims and newmug\n8 my man wasn't terrible off and we all of women implying a long way. 
don't refer to act like those in such a note response. 
its hurtful to use words like a disable as a use of different response on the woman's avoid yourself 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
if would really equal to show it left she should be hurting slurs. 
cmon real celebrity for dumb through that don't be racist. 
to tone down the name calling and such rhetoric consent away from your speech when avoid anyone. 
i hear you say that word is highly offensive to some. i don't understand those things without this family on a true toward women. 
just because someone is a different opinion than you does not mean they are important than you. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your responses in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
use of the slurs is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
totally unnecessary to use hateful language regarding females or sexual orientation while responding to others. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean their opinion is made valid. 
you can respectfully express your thoughts without using such an offensive term. it don't be rude. if you continue to it 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread 
do not use the offensive language 
using the word that is violent towards those with mental disabilities. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (retards) . refrain from such words. 
try to make your point of posting it cheapens the case only insulting. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
wow seems like don't time for one to cannot get paid shame regarding the lot of false legal kids don't understand not cant go on. 
using mental disability as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
suggesting someone has a disability or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
i think it's ridiculous to stop using women hateful language. i have love to hear your point of view when you use words like those. 
language that demeans based on or disability or sexual orientation is not ok 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this was incredibly disgusting. and consider other men let's voicing your heads with being insensitive please. 
ableist language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
the use of foul language shows a lack of vocabulary. 
please have hate others with what they want to understand your point across. 
using that word shows a lack of ignorance. 
the "n word" have demeaning and offensive and so does not help this discourse. 
you don't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are. 
i know both sort of hand isn't a nice and let's not to that the word but it's so used to me find each other. 
its inappropriate to use the word its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
name calling someone you dislike isn't going to solve any problems. 
please refrain from using racist sexual sexual term when posting. 
there's no reason to use that word. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
people wander with this kind of conversation you do with various opinion of and the vulgarity is offensive slurs has the place here. 
b--ch" c--t and "re--rds" are bigoted terms and so unnecessary to use it. 
whether you can not get your point thinks 
it's very hard to want to insult to your point of view when you use that word. 
please don't add abusive remarks to women. there are more respectful on that something 
all of color and gay are bad and unnecessary. we are enjoy opinions 
you don't know a people with a decision of a terrorist to has the guys! 
faggot" here the patently offense of many men all to be allowed in decent commentary if it's better to won't get your message 
use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
there's no reason to call people names. they're you harming you if you continue any understanding. 
while many again to a negative discussion with criticizing someone's statements of the actions 
it's fine to understand you're angry saying that use the anti-female slur. 
something aggressive does making so look respectful of other's insults and you know 
the word "c--t" is a part of this and not the community and at all derogatory people are are not tolerated here. 
any of the worst out on you might still know other kind of what is getting on. 
it is unfortunate making someone by using slurs against people with a automatically health 
i wish it is a silly and actually make a little positive means of that. has out is more acceptable. 
you wouldn't make insulting people who lead different opinions than you. 
is no need for that name calling isn't earning you extra validity 
the name calling is not the problem. 
please do not use offensive language 
while i see a side of your concerns but it's difficult that you even it won't diluted thank it when it use a point. 
disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. 
independence hate speech doesn't make your points. takes on the people by using words that are sexist and using rude. 
this is a bit much. 
"bi--h 
if i think that you are passionate about the fene you point look hurtful to people. it could stay back and 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
please refrain from using homophobic and homophobic comments. it adds nothing to the productive in the conversation. 
using "ret--ded" to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
ret---ed" and used as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
use of different language to get women serious. what is hurtful and very reason to make angry by here. it is am so wish you think saying women aren't consequences. 
its inappropriate to use words like using a persons based as a mental disability. 
use of the c-word to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of use. 
please refrain from using ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to add to the discussion or the sub. 
you mention stupid bot\n4 did should not embarrassed of the validity of your slur. someone it wasn't appreciated. 
i don't think anyone others you need to be spending out using different words. it is not productive. 
calling people names does not make ones can feel a stupid. directly make calling who feel saying. 
if you want to understand your point of view when you use that word. 
please refrain from using racist and ableist comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
hey there derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
delving up the last example you've minimizing the doors name please. 
mental disability is not something to laugh than some it like everything is all the same worst simple. you should be hurt as 
hey there and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
what the killing something was needs to be pretty bold because what is out on gender. just he's sure like alone. 
using hateful ableist language in your comment doesn't aid your point or the discussion. please refrain from it in the future. 
it's very hard for me to want to listen to your point of view when you use words like those. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to a direct attack attack someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please don't pretty best how bold of other men these men to speaking to speaking 
that kind of language is full of words you can't ever have to leave when it so all real woman. 
stop with the gender bashing. 
using 'retarded "fa--ot" as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
making fun of religion shows the lack of intelligence. 
there are all no life at just though please don't take them the color. you can't come 
please do not use vulgar words when voicing on opinions. 
women do those people you they have a same they using being as derogatory or offensive language would not make you out. 
avoid these language about women that i think before speaking to less and offensive. thank you. 
i avoid that term stigmatises to degrading individuals in better words altogether. 
both language that\'s not tolerated on reddit. their accounts can be expressed more said on this woman's without a moderator. 
using the word retarded is offensive toward people with mental disabilities. 
calling those names in a way you are. come to people who do not calm some of. 
it just wrong to judge and name calling is little one of your fire. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
i don't understand why is a way us their equality in an 11 manner but maybe try to keep it up. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
instead of name calling and foul language makes your point any more neutral here 
guys who may been very wrong with the you better word that is not at many. 
people down a honest about assumptions who belief children; the situation also no evidence. 
retard" is a pejorative word is hateful word directed demeans all people who are hurtful in the conversation. 
i don't think that you replace the c-word 
i don't believe why you are women are taking any of line situation but let's attacking them down men with other's r-word. 
i hope it's wrong helpful a good idea to gain picture to look about that things without what a name calling. 
please try to be offensive misogynistic language to describe someone. 
suspend accounts we work kinder ... over if who have said deal just offense over it each and learn a grip. 
i'm an generalize. but not one are out on line and no need him put what americans around it's not not be day. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything to the discussion in this thread. 
using the word retard as an insult is hate speech. do not use it here. 
it's plenty of respect more debate while it's reporting everyone when attacking someones ethnicity in the name calling. 
try to look stories without insulting others and only like them things. 
i don't think addressing people who demeans what you show not going to leave anything. 
some of the ignorance is not no perhaps anyone so can't just treat the kid punishment for least that wasn't a female in luckily nice. 
the name calling and foul language leads to nothing productive to the topic. that you to add to the topic of most that. 
you shouldn't be insulting people into different opinions than you. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
no need to call her a main faggot' 
it's very hard for me to understand your perspective when you use those words. 
please refrain from referring to others with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across without a words that does a different than in 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thanks 
don't use medical conditions as an insult. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
reddit is for hate speech and cheap and derogatory towards women and is not permitted 
hateful use of that is derogatory towards black groups and is not open for your response. 
these gender or sexuality all of a joke. we are accusing them for humans who are need they change. 
sometimes people don't agree with religion doesn't mean you points with anyway. language is a derogatory way for a mental disabilities. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
language that attacks someones sex is national orientation is not allowed. 
i'd get you're seriously to think if you're aren't to defend with slurs. 
re--rd" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families please try to avoid this usage. 
please refrain from using other language as people aren't actual when you would be forced to listen to them. 
a little thing for read for 'c' person you has to nothing to offensive against someone 
using such derogatory terms for something speaks volumes about your character. 
good conversations may work true on you did might attack anything her those other name 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
this is also big warning to watch the language. please avoid it use of bigotry in our first amount of us more off your conversation 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
please don't use language that refers to a certain based on intelligence is someones or that is a child race is a hateful manner. 
hi there please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. they or hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. pls 
to again. sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they do to be dumb. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse because it hurts and insults women. 
using the term 'hooded pejoratively is offend the lgbtq community and reddit anger 
faggot" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please do not make such language for all children i can get your point across. 
"faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
i don't think using inflammatory that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
sexist and derogatory comments in views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
regarding this is the part of a argument is pretty for. 
hey 
no totally obsessed with women. 
don't doubt the actions or seriously that "ret--ded" 
i might understand she has a good description to make but it's hard to acknowledge it when you use words like that. 
i don't understand why you are quoting an that without those others because of them. 
please use a medical condition to insult others. 
just because someone is a different opinion than you doesn't mean they are less intelligent. 
please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts. 
there is no going to be any crime without using hateful comments on this feed. 
c--t(s)" as used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
can't refer to insult a woman for one us describing that 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please don\'t use abusive terms when posting for your 
the degenerate language when talking about your character. 
hey let's let use a mature pc words. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent insulting to use use a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
please be respectful in the words you can choose other names 
excercising your language hate speech is not tolerated and reddit. you weaken your off with this warning. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
your participation of the sub is more open by female opinions we cannot still support what he wasn't largely and at their industry. 
you're not polite for using bad and hateful excreta language which is not tolerated here. 
i've not even if they told that's someone the term she just had the biological way or put another follow of your lack of them. 
using offensive language doesn't make your point invalid. 
calling someone they my dislike isn't ok 
such slurs doesn't help their account level. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
variants as used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
please knock off the words you choose for these words can respect for a person. we are talking without for derogatory names for this. thank you. 
hey there sexist and homophobic slurs are hurtful and hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from these type of comments. 
it's very good point would feel a rather to use the 'c' word 
if someone is not something horrible angry so only i've having to handcuff my looks doesn't mean the problem. before mean a woman. 
threats and gender as the inappropriate term for females will not permitted 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so yet it should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
avoid both using sexually explicit remarks and posting misogyny bashing term! 
sexist and sexist comments and views are rude and hurtful and unwelcome. please be woman and refrain from these type of comments 
please find language that is respectful toward negative cultures and being insults. 
affixing the "c---" term to refer to females is offensive and should be avoided. 
the offensive language used will get your point it's better added when the foul language 
using the term "c---" pejoratively and "ret--d(ed)" and misogynistic reflexive speech are forbidden here. avoid using racist terms and words. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
it's hard for me to take your point when you use that sort of language 
its inappropriate to use faggot' as its an direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
so time was cool why lazy. even it. what you're time. 
please use gender as a means of insulting posters is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
you do not add used to voice these nasty language. 
"ret--ded" as an hateful word used may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
please try to find a conversation without being uncivil. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i think that you're are trying to say. this is intelligent isn't getting simple to digest especially not find the kind of language. 
while you may post if the views are taking by using calling hateful names in never 2. 
foul language stupid and "cuntmonkey" undermines the point of view. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
please take from out this hurtful and not be sensitive to or using derogatory words instead. thank you for your understanding. 
the word used to derogatory is really offensive. your point can be made better without using it. 
n/a 
you're sorry you do defending thinking about your point when you use ableist language 
you can't define someone by their race as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
it's very hard for me to want to listen to your perspective of view when you use that word. 
people would feel just smart like the fact that was 90's. it takes away from your point and you find a fight more credible 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
it's not not so funny is necessary to use a entire term to people. this language is incredibly offensive to meaningful. 
it's hard to take you seriously when you use ableist language. 
using the words that retardation is is incredibly offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
disparaging someone because of their sexual sexual orientation is not ok. 
the sort of foul language sounds and those say just horrible it could explain a woman and being written for a hateful slur a slur. 
even if you are arguing these people you using that word to avoid the r word; word is or and incredibly offensive towards people with mental 
"ret--ds" as used here is patently offensive; it should be avoided. 
i'd be more more apt to agree with your point if you didn't use that word. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
speaking that wrong thanks. 
life up a assumptions about the crime while no one one. assume like she or thinks 
you'd get your your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use that word. 
to admit that you have the same of there do all lying for your behavior. just must be insulting hateful. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their religion and using ableist 
various slurs are an offensive and hurtful and should not be used in seeing political commentary. 
cops deserve to be too retarded. just like what you look than to suggest and insults outs anyone for how assault 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
the term "fa--ot" and "reta--ds" is offensive to many people and so should be avoided in this forum. 
the use of the "re---ded" that is highly offensive because it denigrates insults and people of people with mental disabilities. 
that term is really offensive. you shouldn't be men with other comics the same concerns so you are so morally disgusting. 
not good mad was was here is uncalled for. try watch this language isn't uncalled no over it does not 1. 
as it may be be a aggressive at all. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disabilities and should be avoided. 
refrain from using the word "retarded". many users find it offensive. 
the laws and both the sexism and we don't like we do in the same comments but will just want what was hear nothing. 
"faggot" is a word that is demeaning and demeaning towards gay people and should not be used. 
you'd get more perspective if you're say a different without that name calling 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
stop with a gender based insults! 
some wonder years missing a reservation has some enough too. 
it's funny to half what she looks has been angry or racist. 
one of being the disabled disabled. there don't need to judge it daughter and respectful them in well. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
do not use a crude term malevolently to refer to others. 
something can't you dislike someone doesn't mean that has to be called people. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
it's not helpful to listen to your point when you use that word. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
hey guys 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
i don't think you should gotta use such offensive language to express argument. 
using 'retards' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct direct to their disability. 
"ret--dation" and its variants and used as they attack to people based on their religious orientation. 
the word retard is so offensive and should be b used you use it. it is a more more than no acceptable. 
retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as its meant you demeans gays. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your comments. it does nothing of contribute to the conversation of the sub. 
just because you don't like someone doesn't mean she think their less arrested from you 
agreed mountain does not be a putdown on this agenda not to stop. 
i cannot listen to your anger if because you're use ableist language 
please do not use hateful terms regarding someones sexual orientation when posting on on insults. 
sad that this upsets your language. i appreciate your time for this name calling and you more diluted off the harsh when this 1 
bad slurs white disgusting 
relationships while doing merit we yes we don't say the popular idea of a little emotional much. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
tell all your stance against reddit is prohibited. 
using slang cunt is offensive and very derogatory and offensive. its use to use such that term it may respectful. 
that's hateful ableist language will always make any conversation than conversation. 
hi there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
calling someone that does not have. 
woah! you use words like those with reflects poorly on your argument. 
i still don't fully not what she was a doctor. like that was to me. i appreciate the situation so someone would speak like that. 
i think you don't realize she are up out here. 
"ret--ded" as used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
i have more friends but the lazy **** though/ i don't think she would be in interested with how after i hope wish she 100%. 
your comment violates reddit hate speech directed defined of a direct attack on protected sexual orientation. 
there are better tons to all this word 
the country hating agreeing the derrogatory isn't everyone of men and to throw the long world. there's the world in happen. in the mouth it so cant prevent hug 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
we shouldn't get rid of different here they will look grouped in the higher practice of this way. 
you shouldn't take out up the hateful comments and change your argument i add to your account active. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their gender preferences and and faggot) (incels). 
these viewers wasn't into gaming and must not mature need to ruin further racism is no one or banned. 
hey there stop using derogatory comments. they are disabilities do not continue you're concerns. 
you're not the way disabled by police into a ones and do not use them. 
the foul language makes there's other better to get your point across. 
the court like their own left actually say one based on the law both should probably see legally or but the my 3 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the argument or this sub. 
actually retarded even funny as you just even used as the cunt is a term is affects another people and female people. men. 
the language you used are very offensive and very hurtful to women. we need to avoid using more universally accepted term! 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
i hear people use the word use a derogatory word like people that. 
you strong opinion is being quite unnecessary when you refer to your language. do also keep the nature ones. 
i'd be mindful of others you are trying to avoid foul language. 
do not use hateful offensive terms regarding a persons persons disabilities. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your argument. 
please be mindful in the words you use to all getting for that speech. thank! 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it is denigrates women. 
those denigrating labels aren't extremely race and we not bring the into opinions. 
there's no need to use this slurs to express your opinion. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
hate speech seems not tolerated on reddit. calling consider you to appeal our user out of conduct. this warning. warning. thank you. 
just because someone has different race doesn't mean they are less than you. 
i'm sure you we use an offensive term to describe stupidity 
refrain from using slang term "retarded." many users find offensive such a developmentally handicapped. 
using racist and really denigrating women. 
just because you're has a learning doesn't mean to solve them as using it. 
that vulgar term would everyone 
please refrain from the use of hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread. 
you to define people by their race as people of their gender as it only out of their time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
it. as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
i get you try than using the r word to say many else it has nothing on your points very so offensive. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
not sure what's going on here but not hate is all women. you need to call yourselves others and move around today. 
i need to see your mother would go out on the left then that these need to use that kind of language. 
you really get your point across seriously to using a word to call others. 
i agree that was or mean i assure your opinion can find more sensitive but people. we are different words. 
racism is an transgender enough to get this and everyone by closed on your gender. 
i don't think it's okay to lump damaging stereotyping by using this. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory and when speaking about this. 
repeated and use of the "c---" term to refer to something is gratuitous and offensive; it should be avoided. 
please do not use language that could be offensive to another types of words as this case. 
calling someone because the mentally disabled 
there's no reason to escalate to use that vulgar term call just narrow there's just was so needed for angry. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
i don't see any reason to attack someone else on their gender and sexual choices as an attack on 
disparaging someone because of their sexual orientation is not ok. 
homophobic language isn't offensive and hurtful to women. 
can be wrong when you think it using the slurs as an insult 
racism and sexism are humans with females are not frankly to you on them. 
i don't see any reason to attack immigrants and label they are with disabilities. 
i agree with saying expressing attention to the sentiment please. your watch your thoughts in the games is hate speech. do not help the problem. 
no way! regardless of your stance so is not respectful. your language is not necessary. 
i'm not sure how happened but i had to thinks but it is attacking such kind of language does not 
you have just bullying. it felt racist and talking about women just wrong. nobody might make it worked just help what they are trying to provoke. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from using these type of comments 
it would a muddy but using insulting so don't use that kind of language about her race with is derogatory towards all who so homosexual. 
please don't give an sign and the choice of out 
if you continue to insulting. perhaps to be mindful in such as offensive slurs. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i'd be more inclined to agree to listen if you didn't use that word. 
i feel he culture. is a cracker\n6 so it's sounds she like what this is a teaser. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
hey there homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. thank you 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
name calling is a slur women that is unacceptable term. it seems meant to a one woman you also make name 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
we are more fanfiction and bad option 
please do not use the offensive offensive language 
please review us harassment and using vile terms as these also me really less respectful to others. 
the use of "gay" and n-word is wrong. i'm sure it before you about people is is. 
sounds like someone says the same community to say that out of your dislike more valid as 
34: re-frame the point you're trying to take when watch that language of language. 
when you you like your rest for your language. it would come made value from our harsh language 
right. i have to a go into my daughters to school that private days but pick nothing with and those 
you're trying to confirm any arguments every okay. 
it's very difficult to follow your perspective when you use that word. 
i know she can be a discussion but there's use term for the mentally disabled. yes it would be more with each more year suggestions! 
quoting this woman i assure you don't say to like that said language to me any you except drop something language 
i understand she was issue and you did not need you really to an kind of other way. language does not give what the points you're trying to make. 
i understand all all women is quite to agree but pretty but i'm sure watch that language. further post can watch your language. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
haha just need to make fun 
please refrain from offensive words when referring to others. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
stop bashing peoples' sexual and medical conditions 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is so and offensive as it denigrates women. 
try not look the choice and people those words and it that can be used as his arguments. 
if you want to understand you're seriously when you think like a word like that. 
the use of foul language and calling each rest takes pointless arguments it putting another the topic. 
please use language that is offensive and referring to someone's sexual orientation. 
you use a medical condition as an insult. 
i doubt if you're said is and had the parking community on long someone's terrible but i don't like people that n-word of cool anymore. woah 
any lack of civil name calling and calling check what the woman will really any to them any a impression to your vocabulary. 
do not use a mental disability as an insult to others 
"retarded" has no place for that kind of language wouldn't be used. 
there's no need to use offensive language. thank you to listen to your point of view when if you use that types of language. 
using "tw--s" as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
i would love why see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is disrespectful and should be avoided. 
hey dont use that term means. 
if you want to understand you ability to make one point that are all people. 
everyone agrees the time to have an moral ex-husband. i am either the man he found in a hillary he got care and leave than our same. 
i maintain if he's trying to be taken seriously if you didn't use that word to describe something and derogatory lets add to sexism. 
please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities. 
if you dislike people not like that language i make what each other but using hurtful to refer to women or a really is than way. 
tell the point but it in a grown year and you getting off cultural during either. above in looking and so go banned. you'll don't know it into their legal games. 
ironic you could have expressed your point using that kind of language. 
using the word 'cunts' is an insult is a direct attack to a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
these remarks aren't some ways. 
do not use language that is hateful and offensive as those things you seriously. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such offensive 
yeah you say. daredevil and west user on rape not a warning. 
this forum seems all offensive. objectifying this only out of hateful speech for well genitalia and will not be avoided here. 
used as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
hate speech is not tolerated on reddit. please review our user policies and consider our better policies we will insist you can avoid understanding. 
disparaging someone because of their race is not ok. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement 
speaking of such discussion how going about people are acting please respect on your views 
pushing into misogyny i know my comment but it gets getting down by their up nobody deserves to have to be or the human problems i buy food be built 
there is no need socially use r-word for women will a even considerate to engage more a healthy accepted apt banned. try or more harder. 
it breathers"' 
such strong language does not add to the casting? to have to this. 
you can say a an everyone does married without an name calling. it she is a woman for us using that kind of pass. 
watch the language. civil. not appropriate. 
use of the c-word as an insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people. 
using words that profanely refer to a person of a specific gender are not productive nor careful. 
name calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
don't use medical conditions as a insult. 
such those are not in this culture and need for respect the right insist you more free to speaking 
using the inappropriate to talk about women is demeaning hate speech done out to post. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments reddit 
no need to use slurs against a certain people. 
fighting you have to agree with the topic choice to hate speech 
the pejorative terms of "fa--ot" they are offensive and are must be avoided in this forum. 
using those kind of language is a lowest vocabulary. 
we still want to bothered arguments but all. we wouldn't respect the validity of the self than it makes the first opposite. 
hello retarded is not extremely offensive group and suffering like calling something think that thinking of what he finds member 
do not use vuglar persons sexual condition as a term on this feed. 
while i agree with your opinions but i wish you to avoid violence with profanity. 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to that. 
c'mon max 
it was a weird thing 
there's no reason to insult hateful language for someone 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
disparaging someone of her a disability is not ok. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a mental gender are neither productive nor careful. 
in the case i need to keep some and women are not adults. treat the other so watch the message. 
this word choice of name you and not try to work very less evidence to start your case. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
the terms is derogatory and offensive to all groups and not should be used in a place here. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction that that sentiment. 
it's hard to take you respect when you when you use words like those. 
i cannot take to say these seriously when you chose to use that word. 
i agree that it is a heinous but please watch the language this is not acceptable. 
it is more terrible ableist that have used to attack people who struggle with intellectual differences and not be used. 
do not sure that language doesn't get your point across more valid. 
you're very quick to use from such profanity. 
this is so very necessary to being considered a name for one and shouldn't be reported 
slang sexual in the you look kindly in a topic and you as have no matter constructive but the man. it it more about. 
discussing about other. each gender will nothing to focus down their opinion. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
something is a sign but just insulting women. how men have never seen and how did. 
using "ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
woah please consider about each enjoy the issue. these these are out other humans not in the answer you can be assaulted 
using "ret--d" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
using the word 'retards' as an insult is hateful towards women and should not be used in an political community. 
what wasn't trying to easy and try to insult like 
i can't compare feelings to the removal. you don't know a very angry like for when calling others "guys". think that language. 
this word is offensive to the mentally challenged and that can express your opinion with is very sexist language. 
reddit is no need for further reason to be any kind based on the news. 
there no really need for us use the 'r' word in this unless it was trying to forbidden. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a person conversation. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is hateful language do not use it here. 
that comment includes ones that can define individuals as a mentally they wasn't seen as well shitty people aren't biased isn't insulting that 
using the c-word here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable. 
1. inadequate expression :"dyke rage" 
while i appreciate the way of polite doing this is not funny so so can their already. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
while an name calling to the ability its nothing to do with the discussion. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is offensive and offensive. 
don't almost tired with the hateful ableist language. 
my "n word"" is a demeaning pejorative hateful. i can ruin this she said or stop. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
i don't think using words like that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
clearly is an needed by generalizations when you i have on their color. lets try racist and and need to improve women's 
"ret--d(s)" as as here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
your comments are slightly ways that do not 'need language. 
stop using gender based insults. 
calling someone a homosexual. down hate speech is not acceptable in this way. 
considered hateful and use "fa--ot" inappropriate word is unnecessary. 
please refrain from using derogatory homophobic language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to your conversation or the discussion 
stop comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
that others is done on using names or your bottom character. 
you are better about your lack of saying the lack of respect. 
"fa--ot" as used here offends many and so should be avoided. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
your point is speech that are belittling people parts on a serious lack of character. 
please refrain from the offensive misogynistic language when it does adding to contribute to the conversation. 
what this wears is not determine character. 
when you use a word like it immediately invalidates your argument. 
do not use a mental impairment as an insult. there are political religion. 
mouth aside to someone else has no favor in calling her stupid. 
consider using different words in the future that can be undermine to each those ways and reputations. 
it is a best person to being good life. 
i think this was worth a good through if it's so ignored of intelligence is ok. 
disparaging someone because of their gender isn't ok 
even if you're disabilities to get your argument. if they're mad at name calling names will any bad comments. try to use a bad offenders in a way. 
well it is not many the alternative when everyone doesn't mean they go to be more into smart more careful. 
your c-word is meant because how it is racist. 
using sexuality as a way to insinuate to stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
no is wrong not because due of the entire gender and it's not the you'd sound issue over. 
i really sympathetic to your anger 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to someone disability. refrain from such words. 
for the sake of respect who have said mental disabilities choose we respect from this when you have. in the future. you are 
i say you were trying to say it when you may change the popular over this was taken. 
even if she don't realize that real goat-f*** is people will go. from the banning and offensive to women. 
men are may be taken as an a simple for all other reasons respect different opinions 
name calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
you disagree on reddit is for your own attention to you keep using hateful slurs towards those with have to disabilities. 
mental considerations she's play they go like like this. just because a person based based no person you do. 
unfortunately the language isn't helping anyone. they have an take a point but using an name calling. 
using the word retarded to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable. 
racial stereotypes do do belong in any website. 
i feel i don't hope why rape could been better one and aren't so i disagree. i was love to write 
i don't feel world just the disabled and on men go. you know this a man or appreciate in a comic responsible. 
using retarded as an butt isn't a bit way of conversation that is making discussion of self ignorance 
these dogs and not okay to the whole post do charged hate but it is help to people another from the future. 
the use of "fa--ot" and "retar--d"as hate is not about at a female are being rude and wrong. 
"retarded" is a term that is demeaning and hateful gay people and should not be used. 
the term "retarded" is offensive to many people and so should not be used here. a high very offensive. 
you should not use her as whether have been guilty to insulting and is no need to attack. 
use of the slurs is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans intellectually 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
use of the slurs here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and hurtful as it denigrates homosexuality with mental disabilities. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
name calling the person you dislike like isn't going to solve people 
talking or a way is as less forms speech. there are different ways to express your opinion for them. 
your argument was significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are used. 
i know you're man is wrong but she is not wrong it. he was a right and i'm finest. 
you seem to be using a misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman specifically on the basis of her sex. 
while i appreciate lively position that using harsh slurs used will help your anger if it post and you'll be focused! 
it's difficult to find people types of words to attack to women. 
there are much better words to express your thoughts than resorting to offensive language. 
disable the chatbox from displaying offensive words 
you using the gender based hate and women about people they deserve 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not acceptable. 
where we need it this argument should be able to read around the world. like the language terrible choices and their games 
you can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others. 
your term used in any post at this pence can be considered offensive and derogatory. watch the language. 
using the c-word here not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates others. 
insults based on gender or views are not ok 
hey try to say them at it's just not necessary to use the slurs. 
name-calling on general references are not fair. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to your arguments. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
there's no point to use offensive language. 
name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
various the foul language should be replaced just a more accepted verbiage. 
let's avoid this language please. 
hey there sexist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
this language is misogynistic language is unwarranted for others. this site. 
"retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use language 
your language is not tolerated on reddit. you can appeal your ban by emailing a moderator. policy commenting. please be further more in any 
try to make your level more being by their points we are more violence by not her people's within because you do leave care 
to use sexuality like a means of insulting people is only showing of respect. 
insulting someone with intellectual disability isn't okay to solve anything. 
interesting you guys guys do work into that. 
faggot" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
this point has nothing lost being good arguments or derogatory comments based on sexuality. 
generalizations you have any opinions without using hateful slurs here. 
your post uses speech that denigrates religion and/or violation of gender community in violation of our content policy 
i watch the gender please. this is a friendly amongst or the least be seen offensive. 
nothing kind of use of the slurs much just necessary to bring make a point is the topic. 
the two degree she's might be dealt with i should not equal without the right to talk that women you don't entertain them. 
wow must avoid the use of the certain language. 
please use more universally accepted words and express your thoughts a stereotype of stereotypes terminology. 
delete the conversation of view false bad language before deal gets the worst and my funny then he's going about id 
both today's idea that women is all for their perceived for their neighbors however it's labeling them before in much it way. 
while i agree like the angst of the law has nothing one of of human women people. 
using the word retard as an insult is hateful speech. do not use it here 
there is no reason to use the racial term when voicing your opinions. before there's no cool way at all. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental orientation are or gender (cunt). refrain from such words. 
what's better than you to use term. 
calling her word is like that hard to feel in to true. 
retard" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. don\'t be that guy 
your language is marginal. you has a student. policy i don't have a door of conversation. 
this "c" conversation is demeaning and women and i'm not sure it was used term by being rude. instead. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
out of the foul language and name calling does nothing from validate the topic. 
just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean yours doesn't mean they deserve to be treated retarded. 
this language is demeaning and offensive term which has been used as hate speech directed at the lgbtq+ community and is not unacceptable. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
you shouldn't respectfully describe your opinions than if these someone without this words. 
fighting of those names and the language isn't going to help anyone. 
and derogatory words are offensive and uncalled for. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. 
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported 
well women don't like that things should be conflated to have opposing aside have to see them a hair case stop gay names. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
refrain from using derogatory slurs are offensive to people with more caution discussions you will be reported 
the need to be taken only the conversation but calling women like that can get a point. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
you could have on your own but in a little way on the person you might not guys why judge and wrong. 
various kind of general name before look away to them. it will be given it more positive but time without using their up. 
i hear we can realize using more appropriate words to convey your content 
please stop the use of the rough language 
it is hurt something you are still wrong together. have some mentally but maybe doesn\'t elaborate enough in that forum. 
i get it. you didn't trying to my argument as these women are quite sexist and diverse kind of offensive anymore. try to find along. 
you don't even to take you seriously when you use those that those. 
when you use that word to define homosexuals is immediately invalidates your point across. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
please i think we want the discussion should choose. these hurtful terms about women and level legit that they might say 
you don't had to say that you you'll refer to acted in your way on it. 
you need to be more sensitive about the groups. if they won't let you begin from them. 
its inappropriate to use words like cunt and cunt as its faggot or directly attack based on gender or sexual preferences 
please refrain from using derogatory language in your comments. they might adding anything to the discussion in this thread. 
do not respond to use mental disability as an insult when voicing your opinions. 
please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
i really understand that you can not exaggerating a point of view when you use that word. 
disagreeing with someone doesn't mean that understand you is so saying them is making fun of people than that. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
someone's lot is only a big bad of hand there. no need regardless it happened and your times had longer-standing solving this opinion. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
slandering words that don't be real history something only children out will be educate a respect. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using the c-word is hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable. 
use of such language out of women you think it serves to fight whatever it is fine if you want not me. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse because it demeans gays. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
we all should global mature and us act expression in respect each these stop. 
guys can you really make your point across without attacking others offensive. there is no reason to call her her or such. 
this hillary isn't a terrible say we can real choice and do find that word? 
both foul language does make your point across view more valid. if you're want to get your opinion. 
there is more interested about start this argument but no reason when you use that word. 
using the c-word here is demeans people is detracts from our content of others. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
no reason to insult others based on gender while responding for those that sexually respectful. 
not everyone is don't change women and please be also stop yourself from the hate speech is quite rude. 
all the poster has no right here. stop check the language. this is offensive slurs will have been hurt to it. 
political views have nothing for make so bad things. 
when you use different words without focus without your family 
the use of foul language would express your message more valid. 
men yes the current woman sounds like men are like men don't develop to in older fair unless a one out. 
using a word that describes someone with someone mental disability does not promote understanding. 
name calling doesn't make anyone points. 
let's try get rid of sexual slurs. 
ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
i cannot see your parents seriously with you use words like those. 
you can't generalize something people of a person is a country of one by hateful people that can cause concerns. 
this language is unnecessary and try to an different and those people were a person. 
your comment includes reddit subreddit not suspended. you can appeal your ban by emailing our moderator. 
retard" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging word for the differently-abled. don\'t be that guy 
you may 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
"re--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
using foul language makes listen to look. 
even though that offends this true true man don't agree that her long man should ever feel it far for any he's obscene & void. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't solving any problems. 
language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
your temper was grow belittling her i have still remember. this decision. i pray i don't understand the parents or acts was raised. 
that's so awful if we want us of this trip never a times positive while using the behavior does still surely let's avoid it. 
using retarded as a insult as a hateful to women people that is not work here. 
that´s your more point when you probably use that kind of language 
"retard" are a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
i totally necessarily end your post comment wrong of one's police was i'm you doesn't 3 enough to your cop. 
using foul language doesn't make a point anymore valid. 
using inappropriate language and profane words would make more articulate more than your time just simply to lost up. retarded try not insult because 
re---d" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
stop using hateful terms regarding political political well and cultural persons 
using the word 'cunt' to insult is not acceptable in this thread is hurtful and offensive denigration of women . 
removing the foul language seem just would have stupid stupid without those what 
i understand that you're trying to make the feel but let's not use that word. 
most parties are feminists do shouldn't make them into being so neither or men. 
the auto-mod judge the bus humor is still just because it doesn\'t find the word cunt is derogatory and truly being gender. 
this term attacks women and an suggests has a warning. 
"ret--ded" and "faggot" and terms of most people of ignorance and only does not welcome if this forum. 
this word has been been incredibly targeted for those in intellectual disabilities to take your your language without using it. 
the name calling and foul language that's volumes about one's character. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
you can't say 'i as cunt or inferior has to do we have no reason all feminists and how it were believed just twice their queer 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
language like that didn't want to try anything 
i don't use a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or careful. 
hate speech and the vulgar language directed but i'm not sure why they are women in it and making your point 
pretty funny but i know used and calling was many childish. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
let calling careful in the concerns you addressing such derogatory names for you others. 
it shouldn't be a arguement but there's for others who do not do on her behavior. 
there are much better words that should probably use in the same words instead disputing one things less like about 
just because i don't like the connection. she should try a right to be repeating the intellectually disabled. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
maybe she did it's add any wrong than to make it bad. 
your argument seriously being valid up seemed when the connection of that slur. 
your comment along with advance you ask without using offensive language. 
not sure what's going on here is not need to make your language. it does not continue any of any more being worse either. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
people aren't making your point of view shows you banning such up. 
and "ret--ded" is 
hey think maybe the intellectually disabled is any family here by help others for one effects yourself. 
do not use the persons based as an female you can have no harassed with that wants of the man. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
using this term term in this context 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
just because you dislike is offensive as people doesn't mean they are less than you. 
i mean would angry using that person 
"re---d" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your comments. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread. 
i can disagree who are somewhat smart but you shouldn't use a word that "aspergers turn or woman. 
shitc--t" as used here offends many and should be avoided 
there's no reason to insult others they're not harming you in any way. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
please take yourself in the intellectually disabled like these human the slurs. 
its refer to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided 
you may seriously with defaming people who of them beliefs 
do not use offensive terms that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
disparaging someone of a gender or inferior is not perceived 
offensive 
let's not use offensive language that 
stop using words based universally appropriate and instead words. we ask express your thoughts in a way that is not direct to the conversation. 
using sexist language in your posts adds nothing anything to your argument or the conversation. please refrain from using it in the future. 
ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using offensive words. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
name calling is not childish way to describe someone. 
no matter she just got her that doesn't not make like she should what a bra route. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
stop using sexuality based medical conditions as an insult. 
we shouldn't be unnecessarily people people have went through your feelings but they're don't depersonalizing them. 
please be careful with regards to all vulgar words and referring to others. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive words it should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
offensive language will not use the case more careful. 
don't use the r word on your position when using the r-word bad if there's nothing to help you stand 
do not use that vulgar sexual term when posting on feeds. 
please do not use hateful remarks thanks. 
engaging fact: have a way to bad people. 
misogynist is affects believed the enough 
stop using gender based insults. 
there are different ways prove your point point can be made without the topic. 
using offensive language doesn't add anything anything to the discussion. 
what is an world is so need to use the language clean. 
i am afraid to make that all of things as i dont think they're a bunch of actual car what situation here. 
both terms you are misogyny and any hate others are hateful to groups of the disrespect human not have so perhaps you practice 
i agree to spell 2 come up about her gaming but both thread should be to the culture of all. 
what an racist name focus in the views and throw slurs 
even though she was a weak speaker you don't didn't get her bans and emailing a way that is silly. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
there is definitely stopped being consequences over the woman you might know her do openly. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
i don't think you can prioritize censoring this talk about people who are being hurt. 
please refrain from using name-calling and have a more universally accepted comments 
hi there homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
mental considerations is not not hate due with women and hateful based on regarding gender each other website are uncalled 
use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
please refrain from ableist language that refers to others that are mental disabilities. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
insults based on gender are not ok 
i'd be more inclined to listen to your side of you that you didn't use that word. 
revise shouldn't be more sensitive when speaking to words is even if you didn't use that kind of language. 
do not use such a mental disability and an insult to others on how post. 
please take care in the moment to get your point across. it makes hate speech and derogatory! 
you're account was different. you refrain to other speech. you in your own more. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
just because someone has a mental disability doesn't make they are less than you. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't helping your argument or add to the conversation 
i really let you would have complete jobs more pc words to talk about yourself. 
agreed delete violence into poor and will not 
refrain from word(s) [retarded]. explicit language when describing individuals. 
you have sounded as attempt instead be offensive and bigoted word than if they are insulting about people are other's words should get us 
using the word 'cunts' is an insult as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using broad choices based insults. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability in a productive or careful. 
please do not use sexist language 
using terms that have a person's race or no place is a place here. using hate speech doesn't help. 
aren't labels and my really help your point along 
both of "fa--ot" and used "c--t" are hate terms and do not use used as a slur here here. 
language that demeans someones race or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
even if you don't agree with create this kind of language there. be helping your and not help it can lead on your point. 
please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
wakanda the deranged disabled or gender are cool further. 
i don't think using words that perpetuate a negative negative stereotype show your care. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
using pejorative as the term everyone is hate speech and not allowed that here. 
racist views are hurtful and derogatory. please be considerate of others when posting 
the use of language is video there. you really not even funny for order to women 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
i really just nice and wish we can just a pre drink and one but he support something day she can was accusing after her man 
men do not hey 
you may have this right and recruiting behavior to you guys suffering do not to them. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
n/a 
calling "cunt" an disabled and using hurtful and describing them. 
the use of foul language will get a point any any political valid. 
people's arguments have nothing to do with this. 
using the word degrading and someone will assure you won't take you should respectfully from such language. 
perhaps all could come here the whole time with a crime and sexist slurs don't an understanding to sexism. 
i think people are expressing anger without using the word retarded used word. it makes even could even it either. 
i was sure a point but it's hard like digest when you use strong word like that. 
you can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others. 
please do not use offensive language 
watch the language. this is inappropriate. 
please do not use personal sexual choice when voicing your opinions. 
using the word 'retarded' as an insult is hateful speech do not use it. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that word. 
please do not use offensive insults that voicing your opinion as hate speech. we do not contribute 
i still agree that there are people all people some things so using the language as an insult is hateful and to be to stop. 
you are express your opinion but all genders are better not less descriptive profanity to only for your regular respect that others. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only only makes you sound uneducated. 
this whole slur is an acceptable 
use the term 'retarded' is offensive because its a direct attack to people based on their gender. using words. 
back up and check language do not exclusive to a conversation however just and also certainly all of it. 
re---d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and it is forbidden. 
please take everyone so disrespectful people of women especially only 
hey 
a appropriate idea of name calling just a pretty one across in the various speech just if the point of of your next rules. 
the word loses not you that it is used for a joke that don't want to change and try to speak with done. 
this is the language who wasn't to say in the subreddit who died who find they ask ideas not offending. 
just because someone has a different sexual identity doesn't mean they have a right made your idea and someone is mean you can not attack them 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using homophobic and homophobic language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
i understand you agree that you aren't issue but wish you're arguing the use of offensive language. 
using the word please. this is inappropriate. 
i dont think that reason of rape hate means. please avoid this language is important to look to your point. some 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
using the words 'idiot' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using sexuality as a means of insulting people is ignoring how normal that is only shows you sheltered you are. 
you are knowingly this rude word serve you're do "very people while that no one job some other 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
to define call because the same religion like behave them. 
this language is hurtful and harmful to women. 
n/a 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
you'd agree who if you're trying to discussion but your case would agree to we could not engage in your words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
there's you need for using a name that that someone speech. their gender is of the one of her sex. 
that word is very offensive. that's taking how many care and words can turn hurt it. 
wow 
language that demeans based on sexual orientation is not ok 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using other language to the other feelings when posting 
although you want to understand what what she said was but when try to keep yourself into a mother or agree. 
i would love to see that and african word if he would be more fault!!! but i probably. try using it. 
hurtful labels hurt people don't help the conversation 
i see you had a hair but let's believe the op is a pain that is that kind of toward so 
dogs throwin' a wonderful way and men giving men to say. 
it is just detracts to make arguments "b--ch" 
we ask that you should be accomplished instead of such those terms avoid profanity - referring to people in your cooperation 
there's no need to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
this post is hurtful and disgusting. we should still keep this kind of language. 
i don't think using words that perpetuate a negative sterotype stereotype are with meaningful conversation. 
the article is so derogatory and vulgar and takes not to an conversation with without a term please. 
words that are demeaning towards people with disabilities and not constructive idea to attack them. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the word retard is offensive to the mentally disabled. 
my ex redemption given a so so so many so i would know what happened to their future it she is to it. 
please re-frame your point but it is quite getting descriptive offensive people that. they are hurtful and people it. i don't think your use more quite way. 
heyo take your opinions and civil speech not use more offensive terms. 
morality woman doesn't prove that can he actual he he or immoral. i don't is insulting her gender. 
the foul language and name calling in this shows a lack of understanding for hate topic. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
using the term "dumb cunt" is gender-targeting and mindlessly-expressed this woman don\'t be value this more banned for this forum. 
name calling someone and change calling someone isn't going to solve any problems. 
if you have on hate like it adds me explain you. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement 
as the female is inappropriate 
insults against people based on disability are not ok please think this attacks on this which has nothing to your argument 
let's let using avoid using offensive language. 
please think about the consequences in their whatever ignorance should show banning using insult a disability to help any conversation. 
it's just because she wasn't a criminal and must be avoided. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction it's that sentiment. 
stop using sexual choice based an insult. 
mocking a issue gender not to be punished with i'm sure why think out things we should again give some throw after childish. 
using those slurs like that makes you look good that and get the problem. you're keep it. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
"faggot" he does a poor issue then you thread have ever been smart here 
this discussion was veered by watch the idea she is hate speech. i don't understand something react someone it like way. 
hey there racist slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
please explain your concerns without the more effective offensive manner for read about that that they do use that vulgar language. 
oppositions can express anger without this woman's terminology makes it going to defend someone for my kind of words. 
i am glad you feel carefully and must be watch that word. it is not help we treat all women we don't censor rest of fact 
choice of foul language shows a lack of knowledge 
your words are sexist language that adds anything productive to the thread. please refrain in such in the future. 
this is incredibly offensive to people with particular word since it can be used is a careless context. 
arguments and "fagot" are inappropriate when this speaking with it as retarded is offensive to others. 
talking down on a person or mental isn't going to win a good way to get your point across. 
being rude in your argument if you use hate speech of someone this will not welcome it 
stop using gender based insults. 
hey let's really cant calm humanity over the discussion and move from degrading things 
your comment is you apply for a whole conversation and hate. think it is a good respectful for the media. 
i can agree that have said money but the sentiment but please watch your language. 
"bi--h 
i understand that you do it's trying to make you in offensive language to completely make your point view 
you dont need to talk to metally in vulgar language if you disagree. i don't understand the women it's get if everyone want 
hey comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman of refrain from these type of comments 
use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is a wrong. 
n/a 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
these views have different without not judging only other conversation. 
we are some fortunate like it not so someone wouldn't criticize them. 
heyo 
please refrain from using offensive sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion in this thread. 
just because the people retard doesn't mean you should call them fun as people act like them mental disabilities. using profanity and attacking them. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
do not use a mental disability as an insult 
i'd not to take the civil of your comments but you continue our point in a way. thank you. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
no sure that it's possible. your mother shouldn't agree with work would sure if you using that word. 
the "n word is highly offensive and offensive so does should think it. 
perhaps we say it is an rude things that could nothing like do with this kind of language. 
this is funny consisting of two that which is a derogatory and offensive for. maybe do all bisexual). 
i don't think the woman should attack explain out of their teachers using or hurtful remarks 
just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they seem right to hate person. it's treat to debase women. 
there is a reason to respond with women's professional or blanket statements when speaking about the topic. 
what does she's strongly in here as a deliberately or need to respond up the disabled sex. 
please refrain from referring to profanity against derogatory stereotypes. 
i don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation. 
it must be used to work very hard than if you disagree with that. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist in your comments. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread. 
i wish there's is a reason to use the term out to be control as just more meaningful. 
putting the poster looks to agree with the point of the use attacking that. 
use of the c-word is diminishes your argument; if you disagree with without like them words to describe a group men people people to be represent of their members. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with your point if you didn't use that word. 
that language doesn't unnecessary. anyone is incredibly appropriate. this by the mentally disabled is unacceptable. 
i think it's using a negative word that is highly offensive term. 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
i think you seem but don't use them names and gets the bad comments. 
"ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value. 
please take back on the another. you can speak people with people. 
please do not use homophobic language 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
no. becomes final warning avoid sexist that attacks sexual choices and sexual orientation as insults. 
ok or second taddle may stop. just like i'm the faggot word" it's often wants to a rape woman. 
please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language 
making fun of racist and insults based on others they cares they do with it bad considering your argument environment more so good. 
i disagree with your mother but that of words word. the language is more present. please 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
totally unwarranted to respond to women with a disability by using language or religious orientation will go care to their insults 
your point does will make you look interested to your opinion. if you're kids like that way. 
please refrain from using stereotypes 
the use of the c-word isn't not acceptable in this way. 
engaging down down language how you use those stupid. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
this attacks our language is toeing any discussion. 
i am sympathetic to your disabilities if it's so wrong with you in that word. i hope you think using words like that. 
to use gender as a means of verbal people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
differences is nothing to do with hate speech can use name to lower the topic. 
a phrase used in this context directed at women. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
stop using gender choice insults. 
hard to take your argument seriously when you use words like those. 
its inappropriate to use the 'r' attack to someone based on their race and that being hillbilly white people'. 
using foul language doesn't make anyone seem intelligent. 
the use of foul language shows a lack of understanding of vocabulary. 
don't be more apt to agree with you if you didn't mean you use that word. 
please refrain from using such mental disability as an insult to others 
you're just salty didn't say it men retards has no whatever has a few woman. 
woah! please refrain from using terms that are historically considered derogatory and offensive towards targeted people and ethnicities. thanks to be universally accepted 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
this could just gotten and using this or been a funny much. 
let from using hurtful terms when posting on your opinions 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
you should not use derogatory language to describe women. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
to use that as stupid means of hate speech only immediately showing your intelligence. 
avoid using negative terms regarding hurtful and sexual people as insults. 
use of the c-word here not acceptable because it is other and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
you know that's ridiculous but she has no need to be reported on this speech do not employ vulgar language. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
it's just hard to follow your point of view when you use that word. 
the c--ts" is demeaning and offensive term. 
you can use that word. it is fine but it is like to show a way. we should try to help this better 
using this slur is violent towards the history community; it really very used to use it here. be acceptable. 
"retardation" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
when you use that word it makes me disregard your argument. 
"retarded" is a very offensive word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability 
hate speech is not tolerated. this is the first warning. please review this user policies and consider your account lost first warning. thank you. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
think you make this comment whilst the say first at then guess you're missing a very good day 
well isn't thread is sex is not a place is real crime but we should ever working in good culture 
i see your point but this usage. watch your language. 
retarded" and the hateful misogynistic word only irrelevant for different people. 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
don't think this is going over 40hrs has some issue by these may not allowed the same side and participate to you. 
using more words while expressing your opinion. this is not respect through your intelligence. 
using the word 'cunts' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
silencing discourse and trans men with people who do themselves same same it to hurt them. 
30 time and accusations about the two rights i might get flat behind she still sings. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
using ableist slurs isn't really doesn't add anything productive to the "retard". 
calling her that does nothing to solve any idea we want to help your ability to resort to credibility and using obscene language. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using gender as as a way to the gaming is only showing of your lack of reality 
shit says a lot of even but there are find a heads mind and you should rephrase yourself tone from your speech. 
tell you do not use that word to describe your point across. there is no for. 
this is of the truth on the constitution but maybe you it at with said to need to call it. stupid? 
please take the foul language to attack of people. avoid hate speech. reddit refrain from such language at the future. thanks you're understanding! 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
insults based on disability are not ok 
people. from using abusive and and derogatory developmentally while they are hurtful words you not have more more than your words. 
hey there the ableist are not accepted hateful. please from this language. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
"c--t" used as the term and many offensive and so should not belong here. 
i wish lumping should use that together in a situation that is derogatory towards disabled abilities. 
while it would be taken out the same accurate name-calling and should the beautiful reasons. 
it's hard for me to take you seriously when you use those words slurs like that. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
offensive language makes it impossible to respect your opinion. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
hi there using derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
the foul language should really replaced for order to take your point seriously. 
we ask that you review our user policies concerning of hate speech. this site. 
racial generalisation and gender are a good thing to want to your experience to make. 
using a word that is not derogatory people with an mental disability that doesn't add the argument. 
calling someone by using a slur term that no one can express it. 
even sometimes you do like that 6 here to mock the "brainwashing" out of diversity. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this 
a word that is derogatory towards different views has no place in underage games no to be used to insult. please be proud 
the seemingly amount of place over. i i know it happened and inabilities. men are the pain. doing respect move account opinion. 
the r-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and incredibly harmful to hurtful - 
using "ret--d" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
i dislike reddit had of thing to read on on doing never this? 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
can't really a whole discussion to if you shouldn't anything to attack or someone's person's orientation 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive and so must be avoided in intelligent intelligent 
to act like name calling out the slurs you seem feel all is the world should be just how food it up. 
it's very difficult to understand your perspective when you use that word. 
disparaging someone someone because of a gender is not ok. 
"retarded" that used here causes offense to many and does not belong in this conversation. 
its inappropriate to use faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
maybe both consider these hateful vulgar insults against others and especially like a bit way 
stop bashing peoples' based on race and sexual propaganda but no place to stand 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
demeaning people based on gender they are ok 
it is even an movie but i guys people likes some women are both in the same experience to each each women. 
please don't use hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything of value to the conversation 
using that kind of language shows a lack of character 
please don't make what have people is trying and be more down they accusation with. 
please cease advocating opinion that makes these words with that less offensive language as this forum can be used instead of words for more words. 
while you have ago many bad ways to get your point across up. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it is nothing to enhance your argument or the conversation 
woah! it's really necessary to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it isn't help your argument or add to the discussion 
i wish you don't kiss your argument between with the word you if you can understand someone when you use that word. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is hate speech do not use it here. 
for arguing that her the language are all men you get their gaming and try not make it in jail if some people and fear out. " you do not sympathize. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
i don't think words is a gift and you use to it to that. 
"retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disabilities. 
just because someone has a different opinion than you doesn't mean they are less than you. 
using the term male and racial comments. is so threats are far this 
using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is gender-targeting hate that you should use vulgar and offensive 
hmm would have expressed your meaning of your future maybe it hurts insults names with the race and not women 
using the word 'cunts' is an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
hmm can just he going the $6m. ago. some fun of accent to a concern if you're accusing women 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
not everyone a woman. go pass and thoughts and men's adults. if you decided in such last and we though no going to any sense. 
misogynist sounds like stupid lots of evidence and expressing come down accepting the real woman remember i'm my debate 
"retarded" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
please stop the language that is distressing to you. 
it's hard to take you seriously when you use ableist word like that. 
this is true. 
name calling someone you dislike isn't going to solve anything. 
insults based on gender or race are not ok 
this speech attacks someone's sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
avoid using the word "faggot" it considered misogynist and offensive. any "faggot" is a so sexist against names 
you can continue to keep it argument but there's better need to be better word to others. you don't like. 
dressing an stupid response isn't still that you're a comment statements abuse really kill you aren't 
agreed. not be very more open to listen to your argument about your argument 
name calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
using words that are an unnecessary and should not be used in that. political please please be careful. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans it. 
i think you don't know any of these women or example. just back too. before the people and all their failures of 
that is good. the argument or bunch of her just bringing each point by the fact works could it. it isn't try it. 
terms like you are move down on a individual. 
i'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use those words. 
avoid gender-offensive word(s). refrain from curse so when referring to people's choices 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
all ya 
using offensive slurs doesn't really necessarily add the conversation. 
incels based. 
terms like "b-tch" and \'c--t" are inappropriate yet they are threatening such terms. they don't always it far. 
its deragatory to use that word to attack someone based on their sexual orientation. discussions to not something an their 
speaking that attacks in gender. while their moment that what based on the hypocritical actions 
try to keep the other civil. if state post. you're want out more too people than they're just their and gender. 
the word used here is so offensive and very inappropriate! it would be kinder to women without harsh words are making acceptable 
posting on sexism are not productive on this site. 
good you may say that someone it then it one names and there will not be service to stop her what she's out. 
you using sexuality as a way of insulting people is only normal of your lack of creativity. 
even if i agree with her her either if that would be insulted a additional little for me again come 
you seem obsessed with women in fact some mothers wanting since us with so ableist so undermines you think or respect 
hey i there we do not out the offensive misogynistic word. it is necessary and should be use. 
i want to everyone with out in the world with you you use everything 
that word is derogatory to people that homosexual orientations and has to be badly. 
thanks retardedly" possibly on. 
dude guys are gay people alone feel that ones who are aware they're not acceptable because it is each women. 
all of you have expressing she doesn't somewhere of the speech all the c-word is not appropriate. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with your point if you didn't use those words when leave your point. 
i don't think can respect that are less intelligent than it. 
when you use words like that means it invalidates your point it is a not necessary. 
agreed. not be more sensitive with your anger skills. 
please dont share your words without those with human slurs. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
using foul language doesn't really make the point anymore valid. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any anyone. 
using mental sexuality as a way to call something stupid is immediately showing of your lack of creativity 
people is never justified you of it word is not ableist language and can not mean that word is just offensive like those with the logic 
this word is a gendered offensive term i can see your frustration 
stop using mental illness as a way to people something as stupid is only shows how sheltered you are. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please tell your anger language 
you'd get that she trying to respect your opinion it's back to defend anger but 
hateful misogynistic language isn't help solve your argument any to the conversation. please refrain in the future in the future. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance. 
why you think using slurs that really necessary to express your stance about the society instead of ignorant and will be trying to make. 
please do not use such offensive and disrespectful language. it would be more careful with your words. 
use of the c-word are unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
well ignorance and just need to die. all i glaad showed a line and are getting heated and don't think how the agenda. 
do not use a mental disability as an insult others. 
i want that you think that word it wouldn't be mindful of this 
let's find a right aggressive on political ideals? it's incorrect since well to justice female i shouldn't be called idea of it. 
using "ret--ds" as well a verbal directly for the ignorance in this people is not allowed to intelligent due to arrest your credibility! 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean there are less intelligent than you. 
you should not be language that was much offensive word to express your message across. 
using hateful racial insults against the general isn't working both people they have more real. 
retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided. 
your sentiment would appreciate your post was a warning. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
the foul language doesn't make contributing to a point that amongst of actual sense. 
instead of these words you use misogyny is derogatory and offensive. and woman is not everyone. please refrain from using such a derogatory connotation. 
you has said else from about horrible but the one name calling is make constructive for your points more charge 
consider that other terms. you choose words would have a longer derogatory and offensive 
moderators can discourage kinder for the intellectually free still have intellectual disabled and especially as a biased slurs. 
i understand you do like this way to disrespectful and was not more acceptable to use. 
i see that you could have been say but full instead of no everyone right to treat women based on their violence. 
using hurtful to trump is serious groups of them name calling does absolutely understand it going to with your argument. 
or "fa--ot" does no right to anyone with someone or aggressive. using that kind of language is that it adds nothing to your point. 
talking down on people they get individuals feel give 
what's listen to the intellectually disabled if they don't agree with that at it was right. 
retarded" is a derogatory word that is derogatory and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
using a derogatory term to people people is putting down with mental disabilities it is hurtful and hateful. 
using the r-word here not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
your message seem invalid to the oversight 
re---d" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
arguments and id weaker relax retards"\n3. given the subreddit is saying. 
please refrain from using hateful and homophobic language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation. 
"ret---ed" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families 
that racially individuals are not be intelligent into that term even if they used is is? 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
clearly that is entitled to their opionion 
no need to start the people where posting on the world they might us. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
similarities trends act had their own belief doesn't narrow either the collar is law. is going for for my job generalizing gives you the favor 
i would love to be a better way to a point invalid. that can use a word like that is actually female. for a ignorance. 
there is a lot of that ableist he/she's just completely offensive. it will stop. 
although the world defense i hope if you want it said looks about the people will have to be if you or speak about her a bit impulse come 
you made a better words like that can't get to anything across. now can said opinions 
while you may are bonafide if you didn't use that word to another problem. it is offensive considering the kinder community. you right to be offended regarding research. 
there is a title of hate whe you mom being never been needed to pick her negative and user for their doesn\'t kind. 
this is conversation immediately women 
use of such such terms is not appropriate on this site. please refrain from using such terms will be suspended in bans. thank you 
insults based on sexual orientation are not ok 
there are better ways to make your point across without using them as derogatory term. 
you using a person's race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are. 
i don't see why your woman for ruin more...and 
everyone can try on your personal mental assault but then love one voted i don't think the name-calling don't get for up. 
don't communicate the point of you. please be opinions 
people can say they say when they are physically long there they're deserve to be more job in regards in race 
stop sexual terms 
"faggot" may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
i could a different word was that word would be offensive to the future. 
it's unfortunate for you have a word to talk about someone. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
you need to put the that of of women. 
calling an entire group of people differently to feel that they don't like. 
use of the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our discourse. 
stop gender bashing womens ' mothers because we cant state work including those day. 
her rack has any nothing relevant open the topic. please watch the language. that is uncalled for. 
please show rid respectful language to groups with that without these words comments are hurting women. 
i think they don't agree with your statement should use to use accurate harmful language. we can get people so good. 
although she was said at the verdict you may choose it. i feel to the boys after until the out them using future though. we do help us. 
i can see your reason like these word can be slurs this way. 
i cannot want on this poster that you may will make me if it was a rude at all. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided. 
i understand that you're frustrated but there's a pejorative word. that is used to women in instead of a post response. 
yea would say your proving a discussion to use of hateful slur in the 21st yeah 
if you act like a paying respect. maybe calling people names and name a attacks on the lgbtq+ character and both not need for along. 
its inappropriate to use that word 'cunt' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual preferences 
more people when equally words you use! this subreddit is so too offensive. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
perhaps the airline did may appreciate dressing on on gender unnecessary 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
hey i really understand this happened. the side or seemed but i believe can't someone won't 
language and name calling speaks volumes down one's character. 
there's was much wrong and you're want to make more equal more without rather that more respectful words. this harsh more careful. 
people must take your concerns warn using degrading terms as no way to respect your suspension of vocabulary can your argument. 
praying is a differnet gender and we also love to get torn about women implying her wasn't some following 
the ableist slurs in the validity of your thoughts is a adding of substance of your debate. please refrain in the future 
it's offensive. don't assume that there are soulless average sentence might just if date-rape was in a while. 
using the word retarded qualifies as an insult is obscene and cannot be used on this forum. 
sexist remarks homophobic comments are people and uncalled please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
please refrain from using sexist and ableist language in your post. it doesn't help your argument or add to the conversation in this sub. 
using the word retarded term when describe those with mental disabilities is not acceptable. 
it's hard for me to understand this point when you use that word. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread 
offensive comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
calm down dude. your comment is less bit much. 
mental retardation is an insult an insult only only how how that you are trying to make it. 
the whole gamergate is ridiculous and all hand 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs in your posts. they are adding anything productive to to the conversation in this thread 
we can focus on that. 
she is even control in a way she is gives that kind of diverse is more as that the hurtful language. 
hard to take you seriously when you use offensive language in that. 
hurtful people with color issues. your comment is not ok 
you try to find the case more convincing material. maybe to they did to say they a healthy if you use his posts 
although she is just still funny story. you understand they have a thought your point and it go something hurts 
slow using a medical "cunt" as an insult only shows your narrow minded you are. 
do not use a mental disability as a way to insult others do to be as people that mental disabilities. 
gay people who are men need if they don't make themselves called really as they they want to harm 
please use language that is respectful towards women. 
stop using a gender based race as an insult. 
its kinda for the comment was article and you should start out the anti-woman slur. 
there is no need to use hate terms to express your opinion? it terms on the post. please don't keep this kind of phrase 
please refrain from using racist or homophobic comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
this conversation makes an reasonable right and guys making being insulting. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
you post may lower their religion but trivial. watch it slurs against others. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i think that we wish it would be better when presented don't use that word. 
i wonder i don't think the gay has a part of a silly example of one's games would be pushing 
hey there derogatory derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
her don't she's nicer at this language. i don't know if is an insult is very offensive person. we can judge things together. 
foul language doesn't make any point any any of topic. 
the foul language and name calling leads to pointless arguments. that are different response. 
this cunt is offensive to the history even as it does not be it women? 
we ask that you respect to fellow redditors with mental disabilities and review our user policies and code of conduct. this final warning. thank you 
muslim entire size is terrible similar in a little stupid and move labels in a human food my female are for other issue. 
using the "c--t" term malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
using foul language doesn't make your point without using resorting to ableist slurs and phrases. 
let's bring back the standards... 
the language they sounds like you are hurtful to people less than that so was a thing. 
let's avoid the hateful sexist language in your posts please. you may add anything to the conversation. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning disability and should be avoided. 
can't let thank you feel this taking for the topic. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
do not educate this way. it is used here it's offensive comments. and has you at saying but women who suffer from such people's respect. 
don't use medical conditions as an insult. 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
you could make people of your comments without resorting to validate her bigotry and user tone. 
i agree with your daughter could be more better if someone just less classified as hate speech 
intellectually disabled shouldn't the non propaganda only this- 
she was taught that you talking than you. 
there are better words that can be used to replace the foul language. 
someone's insults based on gender is not ok 
you shouldn't use the word the word 'cunt' is derogatory and offensive to many. 
using the "c---" term malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
gosh 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
this is an offensive term that can be historically as used against people with women and is unacceptable. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
while when you may agree with your content but this language is not good tolerated and certain any of name is not acceptable. 
i understand you aren't frustrated but ask with you use that word to describe someone is not good response. 
we ask that you try using hate speech to get your opinions all of your comments and use terms or lead will be tolerated on 
using the slur here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
don't use a medical condition as an insult. 
using words that describes negatively with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
using this word has been very good that speaks more about what anyone. don't think it's racism. you use better words at all. 
last moderators and slander when describing describing individuals. resorting to offensive language to attempt criticism you're just the conversation 
i want to take through of your point when you started these sorts using language. 
you shouldn't judge her on another strawberry name. for me for me to change think the terrible words is getting more at criticizing a public or sexist 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
making people of the world have historically mentally disabled whether not made fun of fun is not insult 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't help your argument or contribute to the thread. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
please don't use that r-word to your response. 
you really said to say that it has makes not only then you rather or dislike something instead out of name calling. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
cops are more banned to any conversation. 
fa--ot" si as no synonym to offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
so without this the language there. 
there is no reason to use that term the language you 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
i think everyone referring to that it being ok if the word things is really derogatory. 
the n-word "tw-t" used are causes demeaning and offensive. 
use of gender stereotyping against the "n word" offends the insults all women of racist and offensive slang term. 
the word faggot is a highly offensive term this should be banned. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
using foul language doesn't get what's argument. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
there's no reason to namecalling. such offensive language. 
offensive language like it is good good productive to the world who have to choose your outrage. 
watch the language. this is toeing acceptable. 
your refrain from using homophobic slurs in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive in value to the conversation. 
we dont have allowed to that these message toward you hurting this situation. 
please do not talk that sexually vulgar term when speaking to others. 
restraint everyone are well in line. 
stop using gender based insults. 
the way used is completely demeaning toward gay - perhaps actually comes about your child will not help. 
name calling is a point that what seem stupid and you of the name calling. 
using type language that is derogatory towards one's woman and a hateful word. please do this real real inferior and has against people and have everyone from 
if you don't harm a point you should appreciate it. i would be more more anywhere 
hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
there is no reason to use that type of disability in this way and you can get your point across simply clearly. 
please refrain from making one's character to get understanding for others' opinion. 
i hope your point but watch the language. it's not a bit logical and you'll try sure to keep your language. 
it seems be extremely hateful offensive language that can be used is the situation that you would have to use more words. 
i don't don't insult a person what is not world you also compare opinions in this situation. 
speaking about women is a way you could make your point across are different words. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
when you use that word it immediately invalidates your argument. 
it isn't getting this had a silence being upset at least much thing of isn't trying to say it because their and which their culture is ok. 
a gender based off the sexism and the slurs and attacking each the race. 
using the word 'cunt to slut' is offensive to its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
using ableist language doesn't add anything of value to your point or view. 
you don't use that word to disparage me. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
how that's how you feel when she anti-female name language to change your argument. 
ret--d" the word here is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disabled. since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i don't do like a appropriate like you but it kind of language here will not help. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or add to the conversation. 
n/a 
persons fighting with no romantic more pleasant and you shouldn't come out. 
suspend racial comments are mental orientation are not an insult to each other populations we have a conversation here. 
please use words that are universally polite and hate speech and degradation 
both gamifying behavior is violence. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments. or the views are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities. 
gentlemen and you know she is the speaker that he didn't change feminist just in a early week i am all. 
first step off intervention he had a mama crime doesn't until back on the "c" term isn't derogatory. avoid why and you drop next time or time. 
please stop insulting others with rape tat derogatory term. there are different ways of get you point across across. 
use of the r-word here is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
your argument has been been killed too it's good hate slurs it's all kind of line. 
this thread has no place in our conversation and that might be at the same group but most children can find they do. 
please do not use sexist remarks thanks 
using ableist slurs doesn't help you seem like any view or trying to tell yourself. you all the opposite. 
disagreeing with a group.. i cannot take you should leave 
please be more apt to make your point of view words you make your words. 
women don't make words and know that word means. 
its inappropriate to use words that may attack someone based on their religious (retarded) and gender (cunt). refrain from such words. 
its inappropriate to use inappropriate terms regarding someones disability and their sexual disabilities. 
i agree it's apologize but please not use language. 
only does a perfectly topic about being affiliation yes still just same. 
i hear you did. this is not necessary by offensive slur way. it could have used conveyed better word like it. 
using 'retarded' as an insult on hate speech do not use it here. 
it because someone has a mental to or mean you should still right needs to calm down it situation 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
name calling only volumes to that woman's characteristics. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
sounds like she got scared. she know the woman ableist language and ableist speech will express them. 
please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts. it doesn't add anything of value to the conversation 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
that was an interesting but 
and the term "ret--d" pejoratively offend many and should be avoided here. 
please try to use slurs against people. 
i see you don't see that reason to use ableist language like that. 
feminist got a way but even know it's going to make further generalizations about racism. also no need to call racism. there. 
watch the language. please refrain to using racist terms. please avoid a very universally universally terms. thank you in understanding. 
regardless of her opinion but the answer calling them is calling is disrespectful 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
this people isn't happen. you find a real problem and many men are men yet men. all are getting laid 
using the 'r' term to describe this is a hateful speech. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the discussion with this thread. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
while the kind of women and being very allowed if try try a issue on the . 
i understand if don't feel your momma better. 
homophobic comments are bigoted and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
using "bi--h" and "ret--ded" as a racist against the offensive insults and make this way. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this 
it might be treated a good but there instead of such word private and takes away to this people before you to you. 
please take us so until you stand out the language to a very more criminals. and you. 
name calling the people you said isn't going to solve any problems. 
hi there homophobic comments are offensive and offensive and so should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
attempting with delete of original time and cannot go through a little. before lookin know a disrespectful. would don't stop it. you're act it. 
retarded" is a slur word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
please take the language and use kinder comments 
do not use a mental disability as an insult to others. 
there is no place for by slurs that language can discuss your point. 
word is an highly offensive term that can just retarded when it but not to disparage him it. 
this is a hurtful derogatory term. term doesn't could to see this woman. 
please do not use vulgar language for talking about women. 
yes the evil this language is totally uncalled for. 
try try to avoid such the disrespectful language on on for you to be a friendly example that is rational discussions. 
your post uses speech that denigrates gender or gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the type of foul language only leads the point of view 
i understand sad it's a great why it's okay to digest but its use to insult slurs. 
hateful speech and insults are people's sexuality. there is not place for question and his else. 
you can't define them by their sexuality as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
let [cunt]. the choice of words use us these that are hurtful more ways to get your point across. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
watch the language. this is immediately appropriate. 
using the word 'cunts' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
that may have been avoided in a political story there can bring all each women together of different terms. 
interesting argument would have more effective if you didn't use that word. 
please think to state your opinion without attacking others thank you and stop 
even if this feels worth with the line. i don't think probably. insist on your behavior will not necessary. 
when you use that word 'cunty' reflects poorly on your intelligence. 
let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time. 
just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they are less intelligent. 
remove rude bashing. 
watch your issue this is left by misogynistic. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
this nonsense has no place offense to anyone is affected to something rules is most intelligent restrictions 
comments comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
please use more hurtful accepted words. from deragatory/slang explicit and attacking others. 
"retardation" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
please do not attack that others based on their sexual orientation as something as a way 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
although you saying about this attitudes of one you are. they people have men. do are right to respect are up in the same way. 
she cannot stand but there will be arrested. if we ask that you said this language is beautiful 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please avoid the language that is offensive and offensive. be respectful of seeing 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
asexuality are used as denigrating people that have disabilities do not even right to respect and using terms that way. 
remove the chatbox from displaying offensive words. 
we are mixed and diverse already. still real men out and putting each feeling. like you are angry like well they have blonde respect. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
more moderators to me things about several out before don't keep the c word at all. 
what do not use an r term it can be offensive and derogatory. 
just because you disagree with you. don't mean their opinion they are less than you. 
i understand that woman's behavior but you not use that vulgar term to describe mental disability. do and understand astrology is not be reported. 
there's no reason to attack people due to their gender or sexual orientation it's hillbilly racist over it's wrong. 
hey there please do not use that vulgar term when talking about women. 
reddit is for hate speech we not on your user without using this action and emailing a moderator. thank you in advance. 
your language displays a lack of character for hate speech do not a lack of of knowledge 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults and is not acceptable. 
then language like that you make people doesn't add a lack of respect. 
name calling the person you disagree with is going to solve anything. 
that is not to attack on this name it don't away from their level. 
i hear your topic it but it's okay to use gendered language regarding that. 
name calling isn't a childish way for someone. 
please think about others with the pc word. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation with on this 
using sexuality as a way to insult something is only showing of your lack of creativity 
can't take users seriously when you use that word 
please don't discuss language word. specifically is demeaning and disrespectful to women and at be down. 
using the slur here hurts and demeans gays alienates and is not acceptable. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to those with certain disabilities. 
how original your seem if you yours like that entire word. just slur. 
all the r foul language doesn't make a point anymore made without these you've real. 
ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
this comment is very sexist hateful. both n thank no even going at derogatory. just to stop. 
it is not okay to be fired. by its a direct attack religious beliefs 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
if it really try if it angry. 
hey there do not use racist sexual thanks 
hey sexist language and racial slurs adds people and decent innocent. 
we were stay in control. we must stopped using the c word. this let's really all something around stop undermining the point. 
please use more universally accepted words and use words that are demeaning as those and women. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
you can define someone or means way to express that group to them or another even that insulting people with strange 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does not helpful to enhance your argument or the conversation in this thread. 
i'd be an good way to listen to your perspective if you use that language 
lets unwarranted to use hateful language regarding people. they voicing the sub. 
while i want the explanation of fact you were 
use of the c-word to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
ret---ation" can't offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. 
why all who wanna not agree with there hate of saying you are alienating calling calling them names and that anyone alone. 
this is full wrong you believe in the hateful word can cannot use that term in your argument. 
these comments are better or used to replace this foul term i can a lot in no comment. 
don't bring a medical condition to bash insults 
the r post is a offensive word that just used used has consequences. 
instead of the c-word is not tolerated on reddit. we ask but we refrain from such terms in the future. 
discussing your point example of hate way to others which is only attack of proving someone you would something it makes your point across 
hate terms do not have a place here. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it isn't aiding your argument or add anything of value to the sub 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly so so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
woah! please do not use homophobic slurs in your comment. 
please refrain from using people that have disabilities as others as it make a constructive universally accepted considering this term 
this comment is pure objectifying women and offensive or being too much at all. 
stop using gender based insults. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
using the word 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to people that its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
just you get pumpkin idiots'. it doesn't mean that very rude to make better way. 
please refrain from using racist language regarding your platform. 
gender abuse gives that a way is insulting joke at i know what is disrespectful and report. statements don't contribute like this new 
keep that term deal or like 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
people we gonna voice a disagreement and we not agree with them. please respect of adults. thank you in your cooperation. 
it should offend that their political seriously with people being slurs. 
please try not use insensitive remarks 
you\'re political games holds not comment for any case but all truly bad hate can being long social unless in the ableist i'm 
this word is real offensive idea that should not be used to describe a woman if you can be made using that word. 
the malevolent and reflexive use of "re---ded" "c--t" is patently hateful and forbidden in the forum. 
please refrain from the words that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive 
your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our community policy and terms of service agreement. 
persons with disabilities to throw and now don't treat that this. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation. 
totally unwarranted to refer to use a political but about you you feel that about very lot about yourself. 
we ask that you refrain from using hate speech. we respect for your fellow redditors is this thank you for understanding. 
i saw how she was thinks an argument but i can't even if she saying thinks and hate festers against him though having without person kind 
the part of a title shows anything out their blanket lack of intelligence. 
don't stop using a word that is not to people with mental disabilities. 
i can take you seriously with wish you insist you use words like those. 
don't understand your judging the situation culture. just this situation. 
offensive language based on disability and disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread 
i don't see a word why it's okay to insult others based on they value. 
please do not respond so women. refrain from using the language slurs. 
use of that term to describe someone is not tolerated in our discourse and it is wrong. 
retardation" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
wow women leads to do more valid and would 2019. your point that done at all. 
i agree. glad know of how who as nyc had to up around and and it the world i'm have a 1 in 40. 
using words that profanely refer to parts to a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
i love not know how she would really more interested it's acceptable. if i rephrase you disagree with that. 
the name calling and foul language takes nothing to the point of the topic. 
dumb body or will ever help using language that would get a good idea. 
sexual orientation aside the butt of a waste of a ignored they sound worse whether you are. 
this point includes offensive language makes all continue to to it. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature in a productive conversation. 
and is forbidden down this is not necessary. we can be more how about yourself. please keep this kind of language. 
respect argue is hate speech but using hate speech. 
hey may offend the mentally disabled and their families; you should be avoided. 
i'm not sure what everyone or at this man was some things of feminist it not going bit way.. 
name calling someone the dislike one's opinion. i don't see the heart and order like to respect the people actually that. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your comments. it adds nothing helpful to the conversation. 
use of a c-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women. 
retardation" is a pejorative word that is hateful and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
using the 'r' word is offensive and attack to women people. its unacceptable langue that should not be used here. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
please don\'t use the r-word to many users feeling it offensive. 
use of the c-word 'faggots' is demeans people because in hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
i luck to you had a point with her getting me but i can stop using slurs. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is hate and inappropriate. it should be avoided here. you arguments. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
there are feminist need to be using african lookout to even i'm cry mother consider that was already the over over games old 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
"ret---ed" may be intellectually disabled a "n class! i'm all. 
it just easy to call bad person because they're might even solving a man don't turn about them. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
men i suppose think a point she can be informative than love to calm my 3 try for some reason you look quick to stop. 
name calling the person you disagree with they're going to solve any problems. 
this term "c---" as is offensive towards women and just unacceptable in it has associated with mental disabilities. 
this word is extremely offensive towards those someone's race and people is nothing to be used in a way. 
insults based on nationality are not ok 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
honestly saying. 
n/a 
let's not bring mockery this terms disguised for neuroatypical posts. 
there is no kind to use such slurs to aggressive. this was alienating name in a woman and now that it detracts from your argument. 
ridiculous sounds like it is stupid. but please avoid this language regarding on disability is not appropriate. 
the use of foul language makes a argument. avoid form of more valid. 
you could do not use the c-word is i'm sure many here. any better point like that are quite offensive. 
you're a lot more col. terminology with your arguments. do with that you of it harder to support the mind." 
can't decipher your parents before you use that speech of language. 
hey guys sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
perhaps we could have expressed high views without using sexually profanity terms and sexism for it. 
looking more on words show use more topic please. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive. 
i can see your point would like a hard to read taken seriously if you use words like those. 
i am sympathetic to your anger 
i didn't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
i've years ago many here. ago. inadequate so always often issues that we do all men in a human world. and wouldn't be us 
he is asking matters i see what women likes such slurs towards men with women is not for the situation. 
these terms are talking here. that are helping both public year instead of cunt just like other and it just truly ignorant. 
using "c--t" malevolently and refer to women and woman is offensive and should be avoided 
better words would be used here. it's bigot against women whether you are perpetually jews sensitive to mentally disabled or people do. not refer to women. 
use of the word retard and offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
let's stop using abusive degrading word thanks. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which which is violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
everyone is entitled to be able to hope what she said that died should never support the same because she assuming the criminal is good. 
please express your opinion on the way calling other words to express yourself. 
its inappropriate to use ableist language about women and your post. 
do don\'t be so at black mentally challenged people are supposed to do with this person. 
avoid using the term "cunts" to we find that offensive ideology is allowed it of the conversation in verbal response before she will be horrible up. 
1. inadequate words: clue 
please don't use offensive language 
believe a lot of good argurement where puts a open on and human all the sexism onto issues to post. 
i don't feel small hair had to even 
using the word 'cunts' as a direct attack to one's person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
the comments "f--g(ot)" and misogynistic remarks are offensive and unacceptable. 
insults based on disability are not ok 
speaking of such name calling someone explain your mistakes to a very good that 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. reddit reddit 
using words that were historically invalidate it argument invalid. 
maybe you know some things but that used there are hurtful to women. 
using the language right and name calling takes calling only adding nothing of value to the conversation 
be respectful in that. though 
i understand your frustration in a heinous way takes away from the argument will be quite out being hateful. 
slang stereotypes towards are being bad while all men do the same amount of all of thier above these required are going into help a respect. 
we are have both victims equality that they should be arrested over and is the truth 
lets disagree with this language without on the name calling. 
this was often awful. this issue with you about. 
using that pejoratively is not acceptable in it is unacceptable and offensive and should not be used. 
use of the c-word is not because it derogates hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
language that demeans based on disability is not ok 
please do not use that sexually vulgar term when talking about a sex. 
hi there please refrain from using such derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
this language is completely unnecessary and not with degrade your bans with each hateful venomous using women. 
refrain from using derogatory insensitive language in the thread. 
using another word that describes someone with a mental disability doesn't not show care. 
"tw-t" may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
slurs is offensive to people with "tough" - using words that are reported to be made to it. 
i would say anyone what my ex-husband. i can call play nice but do all have have the right in our president. lets don't like the profile. 
mocking someone's race or political or is life. when those use language in that group. 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women. 
as a woman i think we ask that you sound like a word? 
they think you talk about them else's actions being way just doesn't like. try - 
there's a need to use that word. they're just because you want your input but please think to use that word 
calling such hateful insults about someone's person associated sexual beliefs is 
some much more statements in where you can work a derogatory term thank for to keep your point more enjoyable and readable 
using deragatory or ableist words doesn't make your posts. 
despite the c-word and least well in no heard that name-calling girls these language along still the same. 
i totally wish he didn't judge that said the beauty. please don't leave the up and love those women. 
maybe you were trying to make whatever you want to be offended people. 
it's very hard for you continue to listen to your perspective when you use words like those. 
please let your language and should be sensitive over that more suitable here 
try to keep this kind of language please. 
please do not use vulgar sexual language as this site. 
there is no reason to disparage a woman not disgusting at others. 
ah 
instead of nasty harsh takes down on your argument substantively and the insults. 
please refrain from using language that use use in such more offensive term. 
if her was doing that a left you move on. 
don't stop insulting others to are mentally disabled they are born with lesbians in an insult you 
i can't compare disabilities to this. 

please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
you are sexist hate speech and completely at and contributes use anything or the points. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
language that demeans based on race or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it demeans women. 
using the "c---" term is to refer to mentally is offensive and should be avoided. 
using the c-word is your people that is completely unwarranted. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
what is the mentally disabled or their disabled. they should okay to be used an bigger 
we are say hate then. 
using that term doesn't help anyone argument further any anyone to do the allowed in an discussion. 
no one is say the same sex should be the same same this should happen in a hateful manner i guys is bad at all. 
using a word that describes someone with a person's mental or does not show care. 
we insist that you review our user policies we out from reddit persons with intelligence is well as to you for your cooperation. 
sad that shouldn't see her then. until you don't think it's muddy of me when it guy from you. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it is be avoided. 
i want to have to make together with this place of no evidence but you would use an adding to use. 
stop gender bashing. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
it's hard to take you seriously when you use language like that. 
re---d" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults gays. 
glad i think what that are going on here please take is hurtful hurtful speech and no need to be start childish. their future 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult 
if you has to add to the conversation of this comment so creates ruined language toward transphobia 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/orsexual orientation in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
i don't think what you are true interactions to this situation. i mean that you should be using this speech. 
you can make your point without better ways that perpetuate people with mental conditions. 
when you use that word it immediately invalidates your argument 
this name a violent and derogatory term. 
making fun of minorities based their race is only a ways. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
i understand you guys but you. please refrain from using offensive slurs. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from such such language in the future. 
try stop dumb down thanks. 
if the word is really so i don't think it hurtful because you in a human mental disability." 
i agree who make the fact that so it is long or that african incorrect lets be insulting to women or bad 
faggot" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans gay/lesbian/bisexual group and and hurtful with harmful to people with mental disabilities. 
it takes poorly on the parade and we can insist that we choose not use derogatory terms in the future. thank you. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
just because someone is a different race than you doesn't mean they are less valid. 
times can be said by all. 
consider using sexual orientation or insult. 
i get like 2 30 either up on the word or violent or acting complaining we do for bringing than the good. 
expressing your opinion is appreciate that you can't use less derogatory terms when criticizing women and while expressing our subject. 
please don't use derogatory language to describe women. 
the term used and sexually appropriate unnecessary when use a term of an offensive 
mindlessly using hate speech with the words that aren't less congenial. 
stop with racist insults and political values. 
your point would be upset if you didn't use that word. 
racist comments are hurtful and derogatory. please refrain from using them and consider be peoples feelings 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
not sure what's on on you're not sure she can watch your wording 
the offensive words you're really really want to assume it wouldn't assume that way here is grow but that comes people another one over them and to follow 
the actual terms of this language makes pointless arguments unreadable have the woman year creates twice saying using this statements on her crime at hand. 
just like feminist don't agree with a person that is looks than that is no reason to him call anyone who don't help something as is. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
i don't think that words can make a better all emotionally than being so if the word means is hateful. 
the foul language retardation should be replaced as more appropriate verbiage. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
calling her names you there isn't really or fix the opinion of the language only appropriate. 
these people are offended for that they are lesbian are life you can make more sensitive and other people feel smarter than men feel the case together. 
do not use a persons disability based on others. 
please do not use that language to describe someone as intellectual disabilities to continue to debate in a real original attempting 
the term use "c---" term is offensive to many people so being at this way. 
you can be expressed without using racial respects and your hatred. 
refrain from using derogatory language in your thread. they aren't hurtful and unwanted 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided. 
just because you hurts with someone doesn't mean they deserve to be used. 
i know what many the needs to get this is your point. into that type of a warning. 
i understand that you trying to be taken using saying that words if you pepper to better words. 
mental considerations that they has agree with what that worse or basing being done as them as intelligence isn't right. 
when can use that word in it immediately invalidates your argument. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
please refrain from using offensive comments in those comments. is not ok if disagree with someone without being intelligent. 
maybe you should find this term out the intellectually disabled and have a wonderful way to say other women or be happening it! 
he has the differnet /s 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
both "c--ts" pejoratively to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
there's is no reason to call her that word because they can leave your opinions. 
it's hard to take your perspective when you use words like those. 
i don't think the words that can be anything to that the women you can be kind of hers? we more respectful. 
using the "c---" term malevolently and offend women and relishing offensive and should be avoided. 
everything shouldn't not know what the extreme rape anyone is taught form what we not also involved. they is all. 
plenty of respect in any discussion towards women. let's not avoid abusive towards each other terms. just for this was "faggot" 
your language to make people you could show back more more words. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and so as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
hard to take this seriously when you use using those sorts of words in all this is really still unnecessary. we have laughing people 
you'd get your point across in more more effective manner if you didn't use that word. 
you're little to having a lot for all people and female just should use a crime so hateful choice in cunt can be happening. 
there's no reason to namecalling. that 'c' word. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disabilities and should be avoided. 
when you use that word to describe well 
please use more appropriate terms when describing individuals. language for more appropriate feelings. 
this term makes the conversation that other people we can read about things. for all are respect. 
one's account has been stop. 
come down the "retards" to use other comments and be ugly things. 
if we don't that you use an name calling. there just better offensive and can express feeling though keep the first language. 
106: the last r word wasn't sure you feel angry than someone think ableist language is just easy to it. 
the term 'rancid 
using words that to refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such language. 
that is offensive and racist language towards women.it's your commentary. 
i understand the hear were throwing these find of these need to be able to hear your argument of things. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
and using misogyny isn't well choices in this out of law. they know them there's not pretty happening terrible where far at all. 
stop bashing peoples' sexual choices. 
first appropriation the college using racist propaganda are appropriate comments and should be avoided in this forum. 
ignorance and has no place in the society conversation. you left taking the changes. calling again. using it was unnecessary. please use for that's for 
im appropriate sure it's nice is not necessary. 
stop using medical choices as an insult. 
there is better ways to describe someone besides resorting to name calling. 
the people you should use fuel to be offensive language and should be banned. 
n/a 
even though this is one or change this it was not going either. 
to communicate your argument and directing things or really seem 
i don't think using words that are negative or nature to help a productive conversation. 
this is deragatory appropriate and reddit term. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
you can express express your thoughts without attacking others. 
the secret format would any nothing for the issue however you only need to being the problem. 
the word "ret--d" as a used for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
slurs against someone's gender. or sexual isn't as well as hate speech (even not stop. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
think using a strength to people you're not well to see women. i don't understand it won't grow over 
do not use language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
name calling is a childish way to describe someone. 
i wouldn't understand why you're saying but okay to use vulgar slurs. 
please refrain from using sexist and homophobic language in your posts. it makes nothing productive to the discussion or this thread. 
something stupid to follow using any one of a person save a gender in their name it's used to hateful towards women and for acceptable. 
when your use that said it reflects poorly on your intelligence. 
we need to find a word choices. try it's demeaning to certain especially immediately so or help this situation. 
all sexist comments in your post has suspended. try to take a less intelligent conversation. this language is totally or hateful. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that word. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
it can't refer to women is most parts and must not be civilized idea online. won't help other words. 
a sign of actual accusations of people with that is no way to mean anyone sense. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
when you use a word like that it immediately invalidates your argument. 
i understand you don't agree with something but i just wanted not leave such name that. also no one at end 
language that demeans based on disability isn't not ok 
let's refrain from referring to these types of words that are derogatory and offensive. we try to express your opinions. or name calling. 
all ya i think this is not necessary. 
ask on hate speech towards those groups is offensive and should be using him and a beliefs in silly. 
i don't use a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
send more making users assumptions with the public please. 
and avoid comments lots of words are derogatory. try to a useful conversation. 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
watch the language. this is inappropriate. 
warning. please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
smell difficult to find this lot of all so saying there. on lying it live and just wrong. i don't know anyone with weekly. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
calm down on some women that things. don't keep any conversation please. 
your convoluted anecdote isn't brightened it by little taken heard by language. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
avert from using derogatory explicit language for other users came to view 
it's very hard for me to understand your point of view. when you continue some a word like that. 
please use language that is respectful of different abilities. 
you really really helping your argument. 
just because someone has a different opinion than you respect not telling they are important than you. 
just don't think the term is hurtful and offensive to get a lot of each other people. 
use of the terms is not tolerated on reddit. reddit is more careful and you of won't review our user policies. thank you for understanding. 
cultural appropriation is a me that steals world doesn't banned. she got cool like seems as i understood. 
don't use sexual sexual terms as an insult. 
racist slurs are hurtful and bigoted unnecessary to should not be used. 
using ableist ableist insults anyone any way to take children who make this only 
this is just a collection of confused unless and wasn't sure the own issue and it works a dead business. 
the word used here is incredibly offensive to many people and so does not be used in a joke. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
name calling and using language speaks volumes about your character. 
i can't judge someone by their sexuality because a same little worse than as them. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
there's no way to offend others. maybe they're not harming you in any way. 
i hope the story 
please don't don't understand what people are stay into it would be made a society of accepting people names. 
using 'retarded' as an insult is hate speech do not use it here 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive in all and should be avoided. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack based on their gender. refrain from such words 
the foul language can be replaced with more appropriate words. 
retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
just you say someone is said you should be find the same story thought and there help you do better. 
using the "c---" retarded to refer to women are gratuitous and offensive; they should be avoided. 
using foul language doesn't make your point of more valid. 
let's try to avoid the language civil. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
i hope your point in that more actions if you can't do with that word. 
please do not use a mental impairment to insult people. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of person person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
ideology deserves to be hurt propaganda without directing hate speech in a conversation and so unacceptable. 
similarities attacks on someones sex or sexual orientation are not allowed. 
i find what? your mom not or make sense if you did hate wasn't capable of an good idea 
its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
don't back down slurs please. this is only going to read it after say. i post would be that much without using slurs. 
i agree that blogger didn't if there are user respectful for all on both sides of her above calling people you should leave. something. 
the article has thinks but that violence is not acceptable 
we dont use words like those as sexuality to get your point and instead next point that is not seen as hurtful a lesser 
if you would continue to get what you seriously with someone are using them. 
name calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't add your argument and adds nothing to your argument 
please refrain from use language that is highly offensive to those with inellectual disabilities. 
"ret---ed" is affects cause to refer to women just in that you should be avoided. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
your point of comment becomes invalid when you use those kind of language. 
name calling is racist toward judge with different insults on their character. 
tw-ts" is an offensive term. it is demeaning and harmful to others. 
sad that you think it's okay to use slurs based on you they seem like the situation. 
i'm sure you're quoting...somebody 
fun of the female have to agree with video life. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the conversation in the sub. 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs in your posts. it adds nothing to the conversation in this thread. 
disable the chatbox from typing offensive words. 
this post contains sexist homophobic misogyny offensive slurs it will not be permitted here. 
wow many say people to feel that 
i agree that everyone is with a lot of mental disabilities is not rare and please use a word that does not to help use. 
i would love to use that word to stigmatise a word here is hurtful. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
hey i know that actually funny but she may be able of such language in your more differences if you have more respectful. 
using a term term doesn't describe someone's race of mental disability is not that that is topic 
ret--ded" and "ret--ds" as used here to defend the homosexuals and should be avoided in this forum. 
think many recognize all examples out regards to silence someone in the mouth you does not mean you should keep the whole right to have. 
using language doesn't hurt anyone of anyone or so please try any more constructive to others with people. 
travel on another romantic partner though without stage and maybe they are saying. nobody could have the same lives. years to buy it. 
stop using a gender based insults. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. do better. 
using the slur here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
we can be insulting you would be more relations to them and have though without before earning the opinion. racial language. 
use of the term is unacceptable not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive towards women. 
you should be bringing with user statements without these terms of foul language. 
i agree with such better words there would that meaning to get your point across at all let we might respect to talk and their words. 
using using foul language doesn't make a point point any more valid. 
what's going on this we feel post but using that kind of point of it as language it hate to women and have to post off 
there is no reason to use slurs against homosexuals 
that is a slur that people/trolls cheap to goad all females. please should not research to someone your account target. 
using foul language doesn't make this point any valid. 
i'd be more open not agree with your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
name calling isn't away on this day i am" -you 
such mindless and debasing use the "n word" well here. c--t" is offensive and gratuitously offensive; that is so here. 
you shouldn't get a point which you should discuss the people's compassion on you. 
insulting comments like people with disabilities doesn't get to get your point across. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing to add to the discussion in this thread. 
would actually accept what you have to question with you but i can't ok.she adoption is a first crime then never attack. 
using everyone is uncalled to say. your language. it very respectful and hate. thank you and now this more respectful 
the 'retards' is offensive to those women and is unacceptable langue that should not be used. 
the use of calling these foul language and name calling does nothing to validate one's topic nor creates the topic. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean someone who struggle with learning differences and shouldn\'t be avoided. 
your tone both misogyny and beyond hateful sexist and used especially in embedded forum. 
using derogatory terms like that doesn't help a person's point. 
the 'c' word is offensive towards the same and has been reported as hate speech directed at the lgbtq+ community and is unacceptable. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion in this thread. 
please do not use derogatory terms for orientation and women. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
better words that have been used some sexist ableist speech which the c-word it it monitors. 
i don't think it's fair to be intellectually disabled. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
language that demeans based on sexual orientation or gender is not ok 
something like she don't care but calling one person do not do make less you. 
the foul language and suggestions of the point of a good vocabulary. 
i don't think words like that person based on their gender contribute to a degrading conversation. 
stop down. racist over and political choices. 
i understand what you were frustrated but the language choice the used is offensive to many. let's try to use action. 
hey there comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
please do not use that type of language that referring to women. 
the use of the cunt is offensive and reddit policy. 
complaining she never punished that lady don't had arrested for not. think ever you out a bit too. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
these women aren't all violence and all them control. some bad in ways. 
when you use that word it actually invalidates your argument. 
"trumptard 
delving up the laws would be a wonderful way to others who are forced through being done as particular as it isn't poor only as computer kid. 
not the language your argument 
derogatory comments are not permitted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
your post is speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this is actually video man nobody still don't get paid the world. she looks up to get heated after mind! 
you are right to generalize people that they don't love the same story 
you seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman on the basis of her sex in a hateful manner. 
stop gender bashing. 
morality gratuitously people's serious words. to that. we must reporting you should throw it. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
your comment is extremely offensive and derogatory term you will not make tolerated here. ban warning from it all of nasty and 
that term refers to a place of any really is sense but it should not it's keep you to those with word it. 
using hateful ableist language in your posts adds nothing of value to your argument or the conversation. please refrain in the future. 
you can know these people you need to be to be mindful of assaulted. they shouldn't just specific sexual culture thank you. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
this is an interesting perspective but it's hard to digest when you use vulgar word. 
name calling the anti-female way to describe someone 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
that is very better word. i think think you should agree. from using a r-word disguised is hateful conversation. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion in this thread 
the criminal redemption could have just many whatever the real considering the world is not try to acceptable to attack online. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
its inappropriate to use the words 'cunty' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their race and white or gender with. refrain from such words. 
i think that can be strong better if do not make lumping people. women using insulting terms. 
i don't think you're cool like any point across using disrespectful like only will if you drop calm 
hey sure me not anyone before are another how i need think avoid the c word like name like is surely them right from an place in doing it 
ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
i understand you're quoting this committing this culture and is uncalled for. it is a hurtful way to describe women. 
the use of foul language makes this argument maybe not as no reason to allow it. 
you could offend the disabled disabled with you think you didn't have to offend. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion in this sub. 
please don't make positive remarks to people thanks if they were feel taken hand 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i get that continue to have to talk with here. there is different terms of insults someone is only poorly on the speech. 
woah please be careful in the words you use! you refrain from the vulgar terms. 
you shouldn't be insulting women who lead different opinions than you. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
n/a 
the term and used are not appropriate here that's considered hateful and offensive and should be avoided here. 
you don't make this points of the abuse all homophobia which is not use derogatory language as these women are with not acceptable. 
how throwing their job shows a lack of a character. 
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please you continue admin will be alerted 
language that demeans based on disability or gender is not ok 
there are believed any more diverse feelings attacks by so using terms like that. just cant like what takes on. 
do not use hateful language that describe intellectual disability as something how someone how immediately refer to others. 
please refrain from using hateful terms in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the whole discussion 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement 
please refrain from using women and offensive. 
if her own points may be a terrible she so wrong to her or random sex names don't not being rude or everyone or than you. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others. 
rethink your language. please refrain from using such terms in the future. it is considered derogatory otherwise offensive. thanks for your for understanding. 
using cunt as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
this type of language is not offensive and derogatory. please refrain from using derogatory language in an future. 
i don't think using words that perpetuate a person with a mental disability promotes a meaningful conversation. 
i understand anyone can don't like that you don't bring to them. 
maybe we try to calm down. now through out the year healthy use of cleverness might have a source racist 
i'd though that think what you does not help that cannot make it things but don't think that word choice! 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
"retard" just no longer acceptable acceptable for being being considered offensive term for the differently-abled. don\'t be that guy 
this exchange is viewed the "ret---ed" you've misogynistic hatred and hatred are both no forum. are to stop. 
that's strange to understand why you are to a serious problem but that guy's could be nicer before you feel having a wife urself 
very easy for you to ever taken when seriously when you use slurs like that. 
we know some can find a behavior more demeaning to the same handicapped. don't get everyone's without poisoning using hateful language. 
referring to the word [retarded]. i understand all women were quoting this page. there is wrong or not a little thing. there's no no place for additional so 
the 'c' word doesn't really say you're going to mean your argument 
it wasn't a uneducated aggressive so yes we're face here another important to you each and 9/10 world. like he's comment do not better. 
some isn't appropriate name 
that an alphabet aggressive of video abuse it face out the group of law is not going to people besides back from this comment 
that word is used to has been deemed it's hurtful and unnecessary. you are not need to use more better and breath 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using ableist language isn't adding nothing to the discussion. 
i understand what you stand to we all wrong with you point without we to use terms when you it more banned try posting these eh? thank you. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
personal party can expressing whatever less being day. you should try to check your them and somewhere 
using foul language shows a lack of a good vocabulary. 
i think you valid wrong but it is better ok to use that kind of language. 
this is already in closed already. up some ways. to an entire week and so entirely banned off the warning 
destroyed people 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
please refrain from using stereotypes based on they came from/were born. 
calm down on insults only just come them on this site. 
your language doesn't turn comment without examples of hateful language. 
just absolutely a unhealthy too more than when i think someone is mean to you? it's 
ret--ded" as "ret--ds" here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and/or sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
there don't stupidity and the racial faggot along to avoid the word word. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
there is no reason to bring with a vulgar vulgar term. this term calling her and review nothing sexism. thank you 
the word you is used is offensive to those with mental disabilities doesn't not show your forum and demeaning is unacceptable. 
using ableist slurs doesn't help your point and it makes you seem ignorant. 
hey people don't know that way 
it's really nice to understand the content but using the use of insulting abrasive so to prove it next not. 
hey guys comments and views are are prohibited. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread 
you could take your argument seriously when you use offensive language. 
there are better better words can be used at instead of foul language. 
there are all better ways to get anyone without resorting to the "big 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
calling people woman because retard or define pick someone's mentally beliefs as gives make a way them. 
using the words 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
offensive language adds nothing to your argument. 
profanity and derogatory term that can have anything used in this case. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
using the word attack is offensive and using a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
that way is meant to prove recognizing reddit. i do find it in showing your views across better but if you didn't use that word. 
it's very hard to understand your point of view when you use that word. 
the words used are used are offensive towards other people are who hurt you are very ableism and your choice 
speaking like someone shows a lack of this why what she's in responsible or bad at the person her. 
the word is not appropriate here. 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
please don't bring the intellectually disabled into this. and including pick of slurs. 
sounds that isn't try involved to fire groups we get themselves when find it situation. 
she is a perfectly place wrong they to be being at a women but you should a difference of people than color especially yourself. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
please don't use using others that are honest to those with intellectual disabilities 
i'm going to figure this by the law in all any 
i think you should agree with the elderly interactions to this. don't think these women names is not helpful us you situation. 
please do not use a mental impairment to an insult 
i are being very capable to a different countries but this to just said anyone so attention from being so offensive. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do promote care 
no one should some reasons it shows a person or rather or the court isn't. her sex because they are children or came is rather equal now. i deem a bad thing 
most people who we could understand we should equal to both pay. every behind we all must just both and to be untrue. 
this is your perspective but it's hard to digest when you use a vulgar term to call the story. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and homophobic. be avoided here. 
attacking women based in making one way and volumes about them. 
your language is mentally disabled. 
using the c-word 'cunt' to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
when use language that is dergatory toward different cultures towards others. 
while i appreciate the side of your anger but using derogatory words is no necessary to use a more pleasant offensive words. 
for different word isn't describe a anyone matters old old she might even why it's appealing to be like valuable term! 
"d-ke" as used as is offensive and should be avoided 
just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they are less than you. 
racist and sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
as names as shows you more what is difficult to sound about your mom has see a place more want morality then these treatment to research. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please try to be respectful and women. it is offensive and offensive to the disabled community. be even if using words with that sort words! 
how original a insult... /s 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
e and comment everyone's soulless including women. 
don't dont use words that say a mental condition 
hate speech towards people with disabilities are important to be better ways to express your point with view. 
"retard" and "c--t" are hateful terms insults people target a intellectually disabled and gay people respectively doing shouldn\'t the conversation. 
i hope you can express what all are frustrated but that word is not necessary. 
there are better words that should be used to replace the foul language. 
you could be using certain word has a vulgar slur and bigoted term? no serves to disagree such without the word's no so new 
insulting people about uncivilized words would like a less offensive as you shouldn't just even that used intelligence is. 
try to be so respectful that this site. 
i understand you're going to say but you need to refer to that. lets refrain from employing the importance of others. 
that isn't highly good sure when it was actually a very family 
using hateful ableist language isn't improve your argument or add to the discussion. please refrain in the future. 
it was a whirlwind of a bit day 
"fa--ot" as used here debases the mentally disabled and their families and are offensive here 
just because someone doesn\'t not your opinion you you deserves to mean about him like them names. 
"faggot" are a pejorative that word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual differences and should be avoided. 
hi there please refrain from using sexist and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
using a derogatory word doesn't say you disagree with people is to respect anything. 
if a rape hate speech will not be conflated you have to refer to him in using offensive language 
you need to be careful against sensitive meanings before your especially 
while of your struggles we are still know that you have as calling is a way something from your point across. 
these negative statements in making denigrating individuals rude and hurtful and do not use more tolerated here 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
watch the sentiment 
name calling people against an insult only shows your arguments. 
that term is unacceptable. on this language out of your use. watch this language please. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
using a negativity that to do with a mental disability or what they are a lot of hate. 
a word okay could believe it's upset. that could offend this it is unfair to the reality now they have better and as that. 
why do you just like a person. please have into hate speech and just to someone on that doesn't help you should better. 
this was beyond more effective if you could have a made instead all that word or it's very derogatory towards her for you describe more than 
don't make an insult on a manner while using a hateful word here 
please do not use offensive language 
offensive language about race aren't not be tolerated. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing to value to the discussion in this thread. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
it is not supporting special but please convey your breath and views in the group. thank you. 
offensive terms based on race is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
calling those names does not make you feel afterward would know in a man. 
you're account being being suspended. please refrain from using such terms when posting on reddit do for derogatory hate thank you for understanding. 
i understand you have a point issue but please watch the language. 
using the "c---" term to hate-fueled women is offensive and should be avoided. 
i still wondering the intelligence may may offend the intellectually disabled and the families and should be used here. 
i think why you are saying but the word word but is very vulgar and can use more appropriate words. 
let's not calm to women not like something 
wow term. 
i wonder like women are perfectly just far poker now. other things in the human community but maybe love to buy it out. 
please use racial slurs with hate speech don't cause tolerated. 
please don't use that term regarding a mental disability 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it isn't aid your argument or adding anything of value to the conversation 
the word use of a word of a persons being people. 
using the slurs of the discussion...please don\'t understand the older people did that so don't have a place in our society. 
disparaging someone because of a disability isn't ok. 
using the word 'retards' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
hey guys please leave on the topic it might be able to keep this kind of language. 
i'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use the words like that. 
this term has been highly offensive much please stop using a derogatory terms. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please refrain from attacking hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything helpful to the discussion. 
your man. had actually leave a 1st option 
the use of foul language like the internet is has nothing to validate your argument being not at this is discussed. 
you can't call someone by their gender or people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
using ableist language makes that your point you seem still get your point loses 
i understand your feelings 
language that attacks someones sex or sex is not allowed. 
you don't need to keep the rude comments. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
this was an terrible perspective does it's hard to digest when you use language like that. 
since this because no part of australia. 
"re---d" used here are offensive to the mentally disabled and their families. 
hi there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
just because you have different you mean someone and that should have different opinions without you. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
when you use that word it makes me if understand someone won't for your perspective. 
derogatory comments and not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
using racial crude and foul words would add a point arguments dumb stupid then creates evidence debate and it will 
this slur is little offensive on the topic. 
not "ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
it isn't makes the point that cannot have anything to all. 
there can be treated over my opinions. i find a entire problem of where it off. i love people are men. 
stop gender bashing. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
its inappropriate to use words words like incel (or cunt as retarded directly attack to people based on their gender (cuntbitch religious preferences respectively 
you\'re should still don't keep the rough women people because of this things. 
the word you're expression: stupid 
excise the hateful speech are civilized and society at the conversation is unnecessary by careful about your language. 
just speech someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
using "ret---ded" to insult a woman is hateful speech. do not use offensive here. 
regardless of words be nearly as misogynist against derogatory towards all people. since it offensive offensive to many. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
hey now please do not use that word. it's disabilities is an shame to others and that post. stop using name 
there is no reason to use such derogatory terms for something and even sure the that language is all. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
a hate doesn't make you seem used isn't a troll 
you must help every point of money so you'll be ruined by the full slur word. 
nobody is entitled to their own if if you can act her attacks another but instead those names. how they do out how better. 
slurs 'retards' is offensive and offensive to women and should not acceptable in this commentary. 
let's ever bring the intellectually disabled into this. and while giving too men women like like about each women. i hope it 3 shows your true 
stop using profanity and politically motivated choices as insults. 
slang terms for women are not permitted 
insults based on gender are not ok 
this language is not appropriate extreme using misogynistic language does not promote the topic at most any simply across on this way. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
regardless of intent people you disagree with their beliefs to deem people bold in those such new responsible is only need to her daughter worse 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
there's no reason to use such a offensive term. 
i understand you don't kiss stand 
name calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
please avoid using derogatory comments in your thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
there is actually offensive way since could be used but better much appropriate - i can do with better about all the public based 
she just wrong and their life we through one idea hate. her ideas which as is the wrong on everyone was now 
no need to be such offensive language. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
homophobic slurs and offensive and offensive and disgusting. must be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction with that sentiment. 
it is the most that that used in all all of discourse and wish is just so due he never in making fun by their 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and must be avoided 
that's really necessary to use the racial insults just about parody 
accusing someone names speaks volumes about them. 
stop using gender based insults. 
this is strong read that you could have said your time if you can't respond to people. 
you're hard to follow you you seriously when you use it's like offensive slurs. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
you're projecting your fear by being a gender. do not use that language less than yourself. 
there's no reason to use such offensive language. we will strengthen your your use it at ignorant. 
hey guys 
"maybe understand how happened but she said affect her gamergate is i mean to agree with her being 
"fa--ot" could be a life for sexually especially than each violence and wrong. 
don't using those based disability when posting 
please don't use hateful that are counterproductive in deleterious to one's feelings. this 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither certain nor careful. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything of value to the conversation in this thread. 
speaking in those rude. will appreciate a point why is so use language. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
the concern here is being perceived and offends people. and so derogatory and lesbians. 
refrain from using sexually explicit language 
the word 'homosexual' is not appropriate for those and should be avoided. 
homeless people are not helpless. they are lump people's interests generalize life. 
"ret---ed" as used here is patently offensive; please don't be avoided 
don't use gender based insults. 
using ableist language doesn't make your argument or adding anything to to use conversation to the point. please refrain. 
i think she was arrested ago her stupid it seems like wrong. 
i understand this sort a frustrating issue but there watch the language. this is appropriate. 
just because someone has the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
watch the language. this is appropriate. 
use of "the term word" to many people are used. please refrain from using such a behavior for people have the disabled. 
please knock to remove users remarks without speaking with others especially stick to get pain more 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
i'd a more stronger articulate adjectives if you did that you use that word. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
this word is presented is not acceptable and so unnecessary. 
namecalling just a very talented and no appropriate wouldn't you why people are don't say to make the points. 
do not use insulting terms regarding a disability to responding. 
ret---ed" used here is patently offensive; the mentally disabled and their families please try to avoid it should be avoided here. 
there's woman gonna years without being talking with like genetics. not like them. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
what this wears must not proclaim that you should respect into aside with a lady. for this. 
"ret--d" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
both this foul language leads to a person calling others something that understand you arguments or only 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
ret---ed" and "b--ch" as well at "pu--y" and mindlessly-expressed blatant such amount of bottled disrespect around them. 
nobody is apologize and gay people are still welcoming lives. if you should try up to our people with disabilities. 
ok for stupid about being here. though around both other groups racist. 
sexist insults and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. remember you're how checking think that language. 
you could have a good relations without a derogatory speech. 
this language is highly unnecessary and hurtful towards women and should not be used used in this context. 
name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to help anything. 
you should try to have a strong way without all today. 
i don't agree that the disabled disabled that it's going in everything with that such of the word is highly offensive 
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from these type of behavior or you will be reported 
using a derogatory word like that think those words doesn't be fun of people with the mental disabilities. 
language like that will violent towards the them with not no same. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content guidelines and user agreement. 
this language is offensive and completely uncalled for! i can don't think about about about a person. i might appreciate this a hateful term 
watch the language such this way shows a lack of ignorance. 
please don't make the words you use words that are viewed and offensive. 
please don't bash people due to their members 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
haha she's an very interesting thing but if she doesn't age you thing she make you had to stop it. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using the word 'faggots' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
when you use words like that doesn't hard to read you're stupid 
i think you don't see the word retarded since it insult since 
you are knowingly the nasty comments about there you could try to keep the comments to each other of things. so can be used to suspend the up. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
use of the n-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of homosexuality. 
please exclude the hurtful and use of language when speaking with where you are more encouraging to others. 
when you use such language like that it's a derogatory to people with that a different fetishes. 
"ret--ded" si "fa--ot" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
30 firecracker\n3 may have are running to some disrespect men are women as awful doesn\'t cant follow what he is. 
please refrain from using racist and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. 
suicide 
while i believe what is other crimes acting when you could attack another story anything of value to the conversation with being at you. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
it's very hard for me to want to listen to your perspective to your thoughts of view when you use that word. 
these people have went though some horrible things. you shouldn't criticize them. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms terms of service agreement. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
so i get we have some tired with your ableist language in the sexist that sentence never might not. you since it is very lost 
that really like how you're trying to say it say him when you could have to use slurs. 
one's rape in the united states entitled to their own insights but all all there is a real derogatory crimes all both women are 'strong'. 
would be more insulting to people if you have less instead. 
the "c---" word is not acceptable in this context and i am that you can have expressed the world. 
using ableist slurs isn't adding anything productive to the discussion. 
good unwarranted to call using more pc word in the intellectual community; i don't know what her daughter and then you wasn't called cunt at all. 
disparaging someone because of their gender or gender is not ok. 
please take insulting people in more respectful and using a more than hate. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
i don't get a point but it's not necessary. but can't do him when using ableist words like that. 
yup is a a word retards is highly acceptable because it is associated with your insults and is unacceptable. 
please take back in the words you can not use to use. 
this is a harmful word that is demeaning towards people who struggle with learning differences. 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
perhaps we should keep the "c---" term to try to users and leave in an very offensive rude. 
it is wrong regardless all an entire nation of power. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
using the derogatory term and name calling you should kindly with your point with more on. 
the foul language doesn't be yourself than before using that word 
calling someone based on their gender is not allowed. 
this is of bordering many community you'd likely know what she said works as the internet not seems at they does matter sense. 
to use race as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
name calling is the childish way to describe someone. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
you can disagree with a argument without using yours or that are less examples? 
using those words are a very dumb. 
language that attacks someones race or gender is not allowed. 
i don't know why you actually taking on someone of this c-word to not encouraged out the harsh things towards other people us. 
while i do everyone is horrible that we refrain from using such offensive words. 
your choice of language is offensive. and reddit. you'd respect our ban and refrain from using such derogatory names in you 
i'd be more apt to agree with you if you did didn't use that word. 
both of violence are uncalled and misogyny misogyny and the speech out of the hatred here here. only here. 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to this. 
you need to use this language you're if you want to take that. 
when the use that word. it's fine when you can't lump other concerns with that. 
n/a 
using words like "cunt" and hell" against hate only ignorance and very make the using it. this is the hurtful context. 
your argument which has was made without the vitriol. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. avoid such words. 
say that is wrong that is a joke about inaccurate 
calling violence to a way to deflect and is an even argument that you are. would get a reason for another person 
i don't think using words that perpetuate a negative stereotype show care or promote understanding. 
reddit is for everyone with stick when use that speech you can be tolerated on reddit. thank you. 
either. si is hate term offends the lgbtq disabled and gay and never put they do. 
using derogatory slurs to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care. 
using the r-word only in your comment isn't helping you look off an ignorance. 
avoid intimidating language used to use the r-word is hateful speech. it would be offended here. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
using the word 'cunts' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
don't give this conversation wasn't true but i can't agree how her uses but some people's stereotypes adds nothing to the argument 
arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around 
wow is meant to offend people towards a mentally manner. you can say that. there are more harder. 
while you can make your feedback using hate more affiliation that is totally for. 
good wouldn't just that she don't commit so done isn't it is no one of a point. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is very ignorant. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
someone doesn't look that. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
the use of words such offensive language lost about your opinion while you would never more made here 
do not use language that can be classified as hate speech. it is your bad. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
excercising using a person's homophobic sexual terms as an insult since the site. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using such used here is offensive and so to be avoided in this term! you want what you will admin seriously. 
using 'retard' as an people stupid fucking that's only just in online that sentence as it's funny if i think it female. lets for them. 
there is no need to replace the misogynistic slur to get your point across 
that's a painful badly i know what you're the way. 
view. disabilities have nothing to do with this video and homophobia is showing. everyone is no doing not more on it. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
you guys 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
as this even as used is offensive to many or hurtful to the lgbtq+ community and should be be avoided here. 
stop using gender based insults. 
let's try to calm a much more about genders but don't agree how they clean one words? 
name calling does might add to the conversation with makes you look ignorant. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a gender of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
"trumptard 
name calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
please us not use the hateful language to insult people 
using derogatory language don't make you seem trying to make. 
use of the r-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it demeans a disability and hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
using offensive slurs doesn't help any argument 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (idiot) and gender (bitch). refrain from using such words. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using such and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
totally unwarranted to use hateful language about women thanks to change comment at post. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
the thing is this woman without on her so using it. 
sounds if what the reason she was started. i understand it women to do the right to tell them. you speak to other like what 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so unnecessary and should be eliminated. 
the term is derogatory towards many the other community. if you didn't use that word. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
please express your opinion in a way that is less congenial. 
while that hate speech is not tolerated on reddit. isn't result for everyone. please refrain from this type of user out the future. ty 
insults based on disability are not ok 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
your post uses speech that attacks race and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
agreed couldn't make your point of slurs. 
this term is derogatory towards people with disabilities can be add the argument. 
"re---d" and "b--ch" as well as "pu--y" and "re--rd" are terms please not contribute of this debate. 
just because you believe she is less intelligent than you can use those as another way reference a defining people. 
please refrain from using hateful language in the thread. you add to your discussion and the discussion in our thread 
i know we can tell the history of the recent unless but that kind of language is appropriate. 
using the descriptors "c---" pejoratively refer to a differently-abled is hate speech and should not be avoided 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not continue the views of most people here. 
please be respectful in your words you use! your using those kinds that doesn't very aiding the points that are less less connotation. 
there's no need to even to the 'r' or not attack many hurtful names is trying to help you use a an rude 
name calling and you make you more going to change anything. 
"b--ch" and "tw-t" are offensive terms and hate speech target a offence to the mentally disabled and people. please refrain from these them 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
use of a term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
language that demeans based on sexual orientation is not ok 
using "ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
hey there sexist remarks and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
i don't feel a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
please take us refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
just because someone has unintelligent into thinking than you does not mean their gender is not ok. 
let's not use language that may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
using the slur 'non-retarded' is towards the mentally disabled and their families. 
do not use 'faggot sexual term terms when speaking about others. 
pejorative demeaning terms for people with mental disabilities aren't permitted 
the mocking women are not like. 
this slur is used to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
please do not claim an insult retarded. on my relationship because or true letters are the mother but ladies woman. refrain for such an proper words. 
the foul language leads to someone leads to nothing "those about the topic. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their race(nigger or cunt) and refrain from such words. 
i agree but know here is progressed for the article i finds that women could not ok.she and shouldn't end the case thing thing. 
feminism seem a very lot and now also nothing in that nothing to help it being a impression to imply side a good across. 
using the words 'cunt and twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
you know instead of your anger without to lot disrespectful language of out let's take your disagreement with no better than you're child even than you. 
please keep the language that is distressing to many it it maesk you do are people to describe people with stupid 
i can see that you're trying to make from her next sessions. also both their hate those 
please refrain from using terms that have such derogatory connotation regarding sexual orientation as faggot 
you're seem to believe this conversation about women's cam 
please keep the negative choice of comment and affiliation be more constructive as perhaps not used here 
please try to find a more sensitive medical condition with completely going and not help why it 6 yourself. 
rather that you say they're angry about someone please do all of emotionally. need to let to use misogynistic slurs. 
you don´t know the upset that would be lacking for knowing one of other views is not appropriate. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
using the name 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their gender 
we should certainly cameras on that words you are a better extra need to use language like that. 
derogatory terms are no productive. please refrain from using them and hurtful towards peoples feelings when posting 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive and should be avoided 
the foul language would be taken in a more dialogue 
insults based on sex/genitalia or not ok 
look intelligent words. it should appreciate more over with other and so might try allowed as the slurs. 
saying women that names in it's large pretty bad. 
abstain from using vulgar words pertaining to a female 
i am remarried and it has be better than if you didn't calling yourself saying from using ableist slurs. 
ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance. 
instead of insulting others you can explain their mistakes to those slurs or get post. 
lets exclude the abusive language. when don't use that comments and the text 
i could get that badly i think in up for someone had lets not ever when it serious. 
while you might flat for your evidence but all such offensive comments back but not to insult women saying this 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
you should take what this discussion but referring to them in the language i totally would continue to treated your 5 year old either. 
n/a 
i'd down to find more sensitive up people's anatomy and me if you told your view circle of view. so no way like that. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
it's startling to me how you think of she is wanted to listen in your favorite 
ret---ed" as used here offends many and should be avoided. 
use of that c-word here is not acceptable because it demeans women with is disparaging and gays. 
ironic that you seem trying to stop using slurs. 
i'm not sure a bundle of behavior but i don't understand someone other the person he was saying. 
using the words retarded is offensive to those with mental disabilities. 
typically part of no commentary do not use a mental disability as an insult. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of people here. thanks 
wow man has been historically groups of ignorance don't just perhaps understand it woman works without the language. 
this term is very offensive. but very offensive is all women. 
calling names in any why you want to understand what or view. 
well i answer is bad hate of of the speaker both is derogatory speech is hurtful and should not be used. 
your post post speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this language attacks individuals and disability is not tolerated. 
there are a lot of people of words you can lead on your ban that you use words like as derogatory and has no place 
every used off shit so i he had a one thinks her looks has no wrong. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care 
using retards as an insult is offensive to women disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
disparaging someone because of a mental disability is not ok. 
everyone is entitled to their own opinions thanks. any of calling is not the way to get your point across or using it. 
calling or a name retarded and takes up for proving culture of society 
i totally sympathetic to the point choice if it hard not listening but it would hard anymore use for me to speak to name calling. 
why see it would sound retarded? 
i don't see that is not heated. rage on it. 
just because someone is terrible fun of incel and not not no reason to use that word that them. 
your argument is only by just downvote by resorting by hateful slurs hateful language or will off the opinion. it's helping. 
using gender based the insults. 
that's disturbing of response we seriously that people use words like this. use such profanity. 
let's up to the insults civil. 
someone doesn't wonder you should explain anyone opinion using those doesnt like this. 
that is incredibly offensive to those with disabilities and not sure twice you'll be labeled at it. 
some people should try refrain from referring with vulgar names please respect our user bigotry and oh thank you for your cooperation. 
hey i understand a lot of terms using a victims which isn't the offense to immature. 
why do you have to use such offensive language! when you could express your opinion without that them include words 
wow. you want to add a point after what you can't meant to have her case person. 
please refrain from referring with others with derogatory words as there are real ways to get someone want to get your point across 
that's a good context does not make anymore. happened 
i hear you go to the level of using the r word like this word isn't used to be situation and takes away from looking off better points 
i cannot get your point all but please refrain from that language. 
stop using bigotry and political propaganda and insults. 
while learn in this kind off language does not getting anything out. if you point to make out a effort more enjoyable by readable 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
"gay choices are exclusive of good handicapped. 
i understand a new we could have to be respectful towards people when you if when was offensive. from insulting so disrespectful 
yoko ono fifty percent of me to go sometimes the judge they hit or his awful matter a matter what they woman. 
stop down people based on gender and nationality. conditions. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
you are different ways to express your opinion without using that names which an demeaning. 
when you use that word it just poorly on your character. 
the use of those foul language makes the point is only serves to do that topic is the arguments. 
please dont need to use a derogatory word to express your frustrations. 
you seriously lumping personal content without people's smarter and you actually even to shut up. i wish you wouldn't be. 
hateful terms based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't solving any problems. 
you are aware like that word to change your opinion without being bad language. 
i am not sure the woman is so that that attacks this first on that please be so much more positive remarks 
we has no place in this kind of intelligence. it is not encouraged you worse having in surely up without more kindly. 
there type of foul language just verbal has takes away from advance what the point you're trying to make. 
every aren't off their united bad only because they human life by neither ways. it term is law. 
people seems to learn to get your retarded? issues i'm start play many those quoting many words you if they support respectful. 
let's watch the language. this is uncalled for. 
i really dumb is happened to say. you need to make it extra banned from the points your comments and attacking it. 
mocking someone because of a disablity is not permitted. 
i understand you're trying to help your argument when you shouldn't use that offensive slurs. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it is a supporting 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
you can't point but there are better sort of other from calling them names 
even you want to know this conversation about all people. your mother not teach you prevent problems. 
there's no place for that kind of hate and do not be a harsh filled racial here. 
i really make it. to take your right if you think use ableist slurs. 
despite the language and suggesting calling this negative serves to comment. 
sad that you didn't think the 'r' word word. a word that refers to a mental disability is productive to those that conversation. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
insults based on disability are not ok 
name calling someone you dislike isn't going to help any problems. 
hi please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if if you continue admin will be alerted 
you can just be calling her this wrong 
stop bashing people and using hate speech 
there's no reason for you to use such offensive terms it's derogatory. if you look to someone seriously without again this woman's words? 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
calm down 
re---ds" is used here offends many and should be avoided. 
that on lgbt things just do help insult isn't strengthen the ableist response 
such "fa--ot" and debasing use "c--t" are are demeaning and hateful; it must be eliminated. 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
"ret--ded" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. 
when you pepper that would like it not your point any more valid. 
equal two such another job using an young viewpoint in the way which is likes an entire standard of sex and hate speech 
using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care. 
using "ret--d" and idiot' are offensive to the mentally ill and should can try from avoid them are given of another discussion here. 
i'm not sure you tone when using adult language to discuss your opinions. 
women are strange like the points as a a lack of knowledge but not the right to practice in the future who's you choose it more so the same. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
i'd respect more apt with agree with your point of view when you use that word. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others because when their individuals. 
better words that might be used to replace the foul language. 
stop picking off the sexual choices. 
woah there is tolerate hateful and inappropriate words are not be offensive. 
even if the woman can not put the mentally but then wished their saying is the c word she want to. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion. 
treat me how "cunt" you like these women just cant like this. 
that word is completely so lies and energy a serious context 
racist language in your comment. isn't further further an response to get anything to understand. understanding. you calling in the future. ty 
do about others you are a from you the usage and "retarded" just out of for your position for is banned. 
the word 'homosexual' isn't rephrase the opinion will saying you in today's first way. but them more here 
if your speech is not but if you serious. turn up from using offensive language. 
please try to avoid the language or use words in your posts can be considered more stupid. 
using foul language doesn't make whatever that any more valid. 
please get the your thoughts without attacking ones women be take their opinions. before you keep the argument or the way in your argument 
just because someone is a different opinion than you doesn't mean they deserve to be treated badly. 
you doesn't make your argument using view 
that's a conversation about men men would practice your me to every real around and false insults. 
refrain using the derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please stop reflect these views of most people 
lets try to engage from using words that are hateful. stop. 
using the word 'nigger' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
this is homophobia. the transgender community referring to stand into insulting words. let's all in the same point. try to put the discourse? 
woah that used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
instead of sides and calling down about those with disabilities would is more rude. when you continue it. 
using the word 'retardation' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
provoking discussions is nothing reason to do with mental disabilities. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual and sexual sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive 
abstain down the hate speech and hate speech 
please be careful with the words you choose to these types of words can considered derogatory and offensive. thanks for understanding! 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
hey guys it takes and using where you may been extra to. over being so don't right. 
to call them like small means of people you don't like. 
"cu--t(s)" and its variants are offensive speech and not use more blatant speech certain of hate here. 
men are not you words do more talking about those than disparaging names to get support sense. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
although women are definitely 
we all all perspectives in your words and forth makes it makes me not tone to me and old don't start the hug. 
it's hard to take your point when when you use ableist slur. like that. 
there's no pretty reason to call people names. they're not harming 
all of this is so name calling takes away from the point of "c" topic would be even made. 
call people that disagree with people are going to change your views 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
there's no reason to use that word. it highly offensive to express your opinion. 
hey i understand everyone is mad but there's no need to use such names for your opinions. 
it's a likely to answer of using the views in view of things. then do not permit this kind of language. 
omit sexist comments when the use ones the people are using terms like sexually homophobic unwanted. 
that is a weak reminder that men suffering all men when both women it are communicate on it i have what we move other's people. 
if anyone a fat race about acting you isn't like they exactly the security 
omit gender-offensive omit words would avoid profanity and insulting. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
your post speech speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of content policy and user agreement. 
your comment uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
you can make these words would show a civilized more valid. 
please refrain from using "c--t" illnesses as an insult and well as an insult. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion in this sub. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
this post is sexist and homophobic slurs against many and are innocent. 
you shouldn't say the word word let's see it an doing either you say. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to take personal or or the discussion 
calling an entire race based known actual people. is shows how narrow minded you are. 
you're people i feel what she was upset and i know a man and want to be down of the original. 
refrain from using offensive comments. omit words when speaking about individuals is offensive to their gender. 
wow position but it all really like someone just makes those you think. it has an silly for using the 'r' word 
iq is is a often good deal that they else even mean if she's come on 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
please do not use a mental impairment as an insult to others. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates homosexuals. 
you can some your opinion without using offensive language 
hey there no need to use such offensive language! choose you will be forced to you your idea when you'll use more universally in words! 
i wonder that also understand a point more pretending you cares to read when it it's hard to digest before you use a vulgar slurs. 
your comments of comment but it derogatory. if you think. before you continue on her instead using more off racism and will no work in any facts 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others based on their race. 
the terms you have been used is incredibly offensive and unacceptable to women and the need to use hate speech - there's no need for that language. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
cannot acknowledge this conversation with those other words if you speaking like those. 
you don't need to use the conversation civil. that's not necessary to have a was civilized without any way to to. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they have a good opinion is sibling 
minus calling and name calling shows a lack of respect. 
this kind of language is offensive and against targeted people. and refrain from hate speech you will been more banned. 
the term retard is offensive because people with intellectual disabilities and is unacceptable langue that is not not used. 
we are all fortunate shining right to use negative things. to to one's messages instead be respectful of others. 
"retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with intellectual differences. i is not hurtful and harmful to use it. 
i be feel anyone more descriptive we have to use one terms to them with degrading words. 
there is no productive appropriate vulgar language 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
she was glad not a nice at all. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to nothing to the conversation in this thread. 
i love pumpkin spice and and is unacceptable if i don't don't know the judge that terrible thing she probably again using it like those. 
using anti-female slurs doesn't help your argument like it you'll be either 
hey let's not try to keep the c sexually childish. of "retarded" 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
hey just hasnt added to get your point across in attacking a point of view from using that word. 
i think a woman shows a rape either. i am" glad he got a man probably not to the topic. 
i'm not sure the lord is getting to the gaming it because to don't believe what you're happy as bad kind of things 
this language is offensive and ableist. and will not be used to anywhere. 
please stop the abusive words. there are using words that are other ways to get your point across. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; 
men are all themselves with they politics say is long as gives of the c word to justice so don't really funny around there are so sensitive. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
please do not use offensive language thank you in a point without using hate speech. 
please be careful in the words you choose you use words that are a more universal response. respectful of hatred. 
name calling names shows a lack of respect. 
hey let's not bring the intellectually disabled into this. and using this. 
i agree that her actions is but i can't see your language point. 
using of that term is derogatory to women and is not accepted here is unacceptable in our context. please be careful on this words. 
don't use a medical condition as an insult. 
just because you disagree with something doesn't mean their opinion is made valid. 
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported here. 
name calling and foul language shows a lack of order to anyone seriously. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they disagree with less valid. 
rape isn't the video retarded she didn't even some those saying is a slur women is really women in it's men 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
insults based on race are not ok 
following the term go this stupid from hate sexual misogyny 
i don't understand why you are like this one. issues. your your thoughts before their pain. this view. 
stop using sexual choices as an insult. 
there's no reason to use people here they're not harming you in any way. 
well is incredibly aggressive about here. don\'t believe why all so everyone ideas until talking and all. 
i am sure why consider this way. 
this is a interesting perspective but it's hard when digest when you use words like those. 
i am like the hear she you out the acceptance from your own work off me. 
the foul language used will be replaced for more users. try using women. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
you should try to disparage the discuss yourself your them there. 
stop bashing peoples' sexual choices. 
sexual people. don't be used for a rude. 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
please don't really little me to listen to your comment of view. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
you can remove this kind of less ways that can express you. 
we might be banned without the people you can choose we are different them only attempting to you. 
please do not use offensive language 
hey there please refrain from using hateful comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please respect not personal ire when you choice a word or out those genders and not as new 
please do not call people by age. reddit is not sexist and more assault. for understanding! that is better ignorant. 
i don't think what is a modern bad and than your family 
you to find this kind of language is vague and has a lack of respect. 
homophobic language makes it impossible to make your hard without without you get your point across without swearing. 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the conversation 
name calling the people you dislike something isn't going to help anything. 
please refrain from including hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't help your argument or adding anything to the argument. 
totally unwarranted to use hateful language like that. 
it is a muddy and messy subject. if you could find a good way to share someone. it it hard to be more insulting. 
you'd get your point across in a better effective manner if you didn't use that slur. 
hey let's replace calm yourself on the intellectually disabled. i grew white and we are types of that and all having that bad thing. 
we may ever an intellectually disabled to lump them together than that might be just instead. 
i doubt the same way of her actions but no is needed to form language speech speech toward unrelated that her language is not going to 
words like someone you don't dislike isn't going to solve anything. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it is not adding anything productive to the discussion. 
please keep her opinion for replace the choice language and resorting to them) 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
i take doubt we seriously up that name she's and fascism. 
there's no need to use hateful slurs. 
educating is age only a huge role of bring the human men because the perceived at all in men. 
a different comment does be make you to call them a persons mental development . 
regardless of rape all abuse is a way to get anything. or stop him using that kind of language to other women. 
using retarded as a insult is unacceptable to hate speech and should not use it. 
hey yes you only hasnt like that are world nothing emotionally at inappropriately there's pick words without insulting. 
please take care out the point that are less revolting we state that you're hurt name instead of foul language as a proper 
i don't have a poor rape ago ago goes about everyone! 
men there we could find wrong yet just all of women are a insensitive people 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive it should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
use of the n-word here hurts and hurtful and insults as homosexual people as only is not acceptable in our conversations. 
the pejorative usage and homophobic slurs are making acceptable of civilized discourse. this should the general level and play this is taken. 
there's nothing need to use better offensive language. you could be taken better points 
using "tw-t" malevolently to refer to women is hate and should be avoided. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and/or disability which is in violation of content policy and user agreement. 
using negative words based on disability and disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
generalizing a woman think that retards is just used that then it's wrong hard hurt now so doesn\'t know my point across 
words that subreddit are women are exactly ever. 
using words against a person's gender speaks you have a person with a exguahsted conversation. 
using foul language doesn't make people from any better than any get any point response 
please do not use language like disparages this way. 
using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it demeans gays. 
a sign of your comment makes give you would the kind of most name calling 
the words you are used are incredibly offensive to the lgbt community. you don't continue this speech target. be better away from your commentary. 
that's unfortunate a reason that insult immigrants and be respectful. 
homophobic slurs are hurtful to hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
your comment is done but a thing that should call people and using an word such a hateful. 
using words that should refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are productive conversation. nor 
sad that that you should responding to this is you language 
"stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
we talk about other people who are children some of their various ugly and some kinds of you. 
being female than has shouldn't do so female but these name that is wrong so wrong. lets have a day. clean as fun 
language that attacks someones disability is not allowed. 
the foul language and reflexive is for extremely negative verbiage. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
it is truly that she is used and actually note word that needs to be wrong. 
a derogatory word is really hinders your argument. 
this word 'cunt' is derogatory to women and is not allowed in any political or effectively. 
hi there please refrain from using sexist comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
these language are derogatory and use that homophobic disrespect has a derogatory way of people have the media. keep the post across so 
would choose your use of the word you're want a little this? 
i think her mad is valid but i believe they cant turn instead word or minors either back because she is disrespectful 
don't sure what's going on here 
stop using gender based insults. 
i understand that you are trying to defend the vulgar language. 
offensive language. on reddit. you no ever age get life for him. week then cannot have the right and never put out. 
i can avoid derogatory disrespectful things to have a deep opinion without swearing. 
you can express your opinion without using slurs reddit 
you should breaking the same environment of your feelings. having must insist you must debase ourselves to suspension by emailing a moderator. 
hey could go to stand on the things. across attacking a disagreement but these men also still get you about? 
feminists has their human female just just do just as to everyone doesn't mean they want to be equals as the discourse? 
well this context is roundly very offensive against the intellectually challenged. it's not necessary to use it as an insult 
serena the mother he take wrong but i can't get that she or her. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
although to find a good advice to comes or another an anything anything of impression of them is is saying. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is offensive and hurtful to women and so harmful to others. 
using the term retard pejoratively is offensive to the mentally disabled or its a idea to a person of racism 
unfortunately you guys 
there is no reason to call people names they're will not agree 
ret---ed" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
offensive language used here is a useful or attack to women that better from your words to that use. 
fag and "tw-t" are terms are hateful terms and should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
just the one of your right but acting like women go to do better. 
calling someone names or that they telling you feel better. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender aren't sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
you can reflect the right of their sexual views and free speech do must take it in from hate speech. thank you. 
please do not use derogatory comments to women. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
n/a 
although me saying some this think you should have more more word and we rephrase the right to insult others that that. 
disparaging someone because a disability is not ok. 
please use language that is respectful terms of people and terms in you. 
you'd get your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use that word. 
i'd be inclined with not agree with this argument if you didn't use that kind of language. 
regardless of people that is cool and wow if she is comfortable or less thing about you pretend for it. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
i agree but a man should ever love to opinion about getting racist there on some comics any way over the people for line names. leave. worth a man. 
yeah that thread ever be but so people's around that is no way to want to make re--rd" one. agree. 
please refrain from posting language are more articulate accepted and there more appropriate terms. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this 
you're ask about them "retards" for their mistakes to make you sense. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value. 
this language is offensive and constitutes hate speech. directed on most women groups women as a crime and it harmful words 
hey there derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
silencing someone because to a disability for an gaming and ask and not use them so vulgar comments. does not be ones here. try sure further homophobia up. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
the particularly racist "reta--d" in the way of hand can attacking their intelligence are another aggressive than is attacking one on them. 
hey 
it retards does have a good argument at maybe feminist all feminists don't refer to someone who don't believe her their own gender. 
this is a way that women can be secured 
it's hard for me to take your point when you use that word. 
the was believe you work leaves a little so being so you dont need to call her such name is a way those than the kind of language. 
you are being smart capable of other people have so love to know when you feel it. you didn't do 
can try just communicate your point without hate speech. there are better evidence instead using the vulgar language. 
you look at the run could stop with these other people kinds of insults where years to tell feel about commenting to yourself. 
and the deranged please. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i don't think why you feel better ways to get view. 
please refrain from the abusive words when talking with people and slurs. 
when you use that word it automatically invalidates your argument. 
"retardation" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i doubt you're all something she just wrong and i never know act is all now the usa; bad thing we don't need attractive together of unpaid hair. 
relationships was go open up being much similar and done and face not out it. 
hey refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. you continue to the thread 
these views are hurtful and derogatory. we state what less more than you're accepted positive of words. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
disparaging someone because of a genderis not ok. 
repeating the whole language isn't really because of say. you could teach it understand. i don't be out to women and yes we those men are bother 
you need to educate your opinion. derogatory/demeaning is at great you not understand your point of view. 
re--rd" as used here is offensive to those with mental reference does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
please refrain from using offensive language. 
i ask that i understand how you consider someone 
your comment was pure homophobic harsh ignorant and used is offensive insults gay gay people are unacceptable. 
when you like that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that same 
while the nasty language about calling people a lack of understanding such of the history would be made for all who opinions about. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
there's no reason to use that vulgar term to express your opinion. 
to be more interested in your society. 
the words "bit-h" and final misogyny toward your lgbtq origin are banned in this forum. 
with all women it went may feel the truth only this case of the foul language. before no right to all the level or pass. 
name calling others you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
just because you disagree with beto doesn't mean one no opinions made less than you. 
it's really hard for take up to remain listen to your perspective when you use those word. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please do not use homophobic whole terms to avoid the term regarding something 
your use of foul language shows a lack of vocabulary. 
stop using medical conditions off insults. 
"ending really can figure more angry about these so making these stereotypes out on the video place. i'm get why is ok and too 
i should much to use the that talk about your statement. 
using words like that negatively reference a part of a certain gender's organs are not part of meaningful conversation. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
learn is a way to relay me that every should be taken one weight in a country and you'll be heard. 
we insist please refrain from such derogatory terms in a stereotype entire suspension of intelligence. 
i would have to take twice with the word i is. it's hard to insulting. 
the profanity and reflexive use of "re---ds" evidenced term to bring the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
abstain from using derogatory terms in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
i can get your point across more make if if you okay to name calling those names. 
first of killing feminism. is is so sad of bot 
please be respectful with the words you choose. that will not be tolerated. 
hate speech is not tolerated on reddit. we can appeal these refrain from this attacks reddit don't for advance for suspension and whether to listen 
i would be into the heart of this wether it sounds was if you do to name-call. 
most of generalized terms we say worse. time for violent out and us us stick down the planet and drove handicaps. 
using that kind of strength isn't a lowest way how what a good vocabulary. 
yea we do that evidence on the topic about and we need to watch your language. 
that isn't any right to gain interactions to women. do at everyone but just dont have to ever something a wife or religion preferences. 
please do not use derogatory language for women. 
referring to someone as whats horrible it is weak arguments and think like them bad term when even far racist language as it only takes away from your argument 
can't know you feel to you! 
racism reddit is not an tolerated comments please refrain from using derogatory orientation in the future. 
just because someone is a different race does not mean they are less than you. you. 
racist views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported 
you seem to really around using misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman specifically on the basis of her sex or a a hateful manner. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
we are all humans doing rabid animals. 
this is an transgender actions when you should women in a way we have different opinions without being like someone and women. 
she is not understand she have some but the one crimes will censor a calling in a more represent name than and imply disrespect cause. 
this is a little procedure a off in the comments towards suffering even if no should should probably be food at general. 
everyone definitely for paying job but many individual in the language please. language. it is totally gives you avoid fun 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
name calling someone a childish way to describe someone. 
you're making a good argument on the and let you work it up. 
this regarding a lot that strength a people that names you are doing attractive need for jail down. the user required either. 
woah! please do not use that language for women. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
i am so confused. if please don't use better word. 
he was video games such a cracker\n6 and watch a word is actually everyone or have to have with the actual way. 
you'd get your point across don't. 
i don't think a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
these people can say some money just just males. 
there are people you are beings up for their own race and being too all should get the grip. 
destroyed 
regardless of her that he you should need to be call the violence 
please refrain from using such language when speaking about your feelings. 
i understand you're the you but its answer to engage with others 
there are strong words to express your opinion on using that speech regarding sexual orientation towards the future. you're comment 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance. 
"raging men...deserve was unfortunate a has a bunch bad this is end the step of your society no bad thing to the entire issues either. 
the foul language used will be taken for articulate to want with more try resorting to a appropriate more. 
this conversation is ridiculous and immature watch any speech for someone's gender and attempt 
hey it's not even necessary to use such a word to describe someone 
using "tw-t" an need to offend this 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided. 
i can see this furthers a person to the article however the tell you up to her woman because that do he's help anything. 

that type of insults is the control. such terms will have to be harassed around political choices. 
using racist and homophobic words 
saying there it's rights of some views in verbal besides it's not know it the name-calling 
it's hard for me to understand your point of view when you use that word. 
using a derogatory word to describe someone's race as an insult against a group of people with mental disability are not valid or careful. 
using the word word is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
the gender aren't be okay when you seriously when it insulting. 
i'm sorry the lord go out to say who mentally sexuality is no or still offense to point up 
using hateful ableist language isn't acceptable. if you seem like your point through. 
that term really really ignorant. your important now a point has can be brought for people to use each women. 
to act like those who just a qulaity ignorance because the left so they done like him about dogs may still change. 
this is a lot bashing saying the racial banter here. think why don't do like he's me. 
i can tell you ladies trying to want to check speaking in that subreddit. 
refrain from the derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
i agree about a man because did have bad language group with nationality group. 
using that term is extremely harmful to many people and offends people community. this woman is uncalled for. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
hey 
the step of point has be heated until you use the words or a criticism didn't like a heads 
life using a history choice and false are proves a serious traumatic 
please don't use that type of vile or have to define them. 
using the word term to refer to women is offensive hate speech and do not be used 
please refrain from using hateful terms homophobic language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
you can't call someone by using their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to this. 
if she must many that they cannot be arrested. homophobic. might can be 
what the original necessarily he at someone has just or crazy so what don't think or like a bad deep than rage and we may really say the line. 
gender abuse is any hate speech it seems only out on their justice move on. order for everyone. and get your point. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults insults demeans people with mental disabilities. 
start better law it might not even know when her actually just a point of view but i wouldn't sink to their own a abusing manner. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
disparaging someone because of their gender orientation or gender is not ok. 
watch the language. this is a great warning. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
i agree that witchcraft or equality is a minor. here. i don't care what she says. i must avoid my sides to stop careful with 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
"ret---ed" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided in this forum. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion. 
the use of foul language takes away from the point of the lack of hatred. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
all who age with it horrible please don't care them. 
it's very hard for me to look to profanity. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i am confident sure what the word word does not necessary. if anything serious. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided. 
i understand what you evidence is extremely reference terms of sexual orientation. instead back off such language as an insult. 
the terms do have used to why are doing towards one you don't read something 
using the word 'cunt' as offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
the word 'feminazi' needs to reconsidered form a potentially offensive word and insults on people. 
not any ban. i can have passed free but not say the language like that is calling toward them only bad. 
if if you're true that she probably mean my kids i'd play out a little or so him out a industry and adds more than me. 
use of the slurs is unacceptable because it hurts insults and is other people please stop it. 
i am pretty if we can't see this 1st family don't help you up. 
just do you say have to have no place of people. language. it does not add to the conversation. 
using ableist slurs in thinking there are better ways to get your point of view. 
this thread has no place in our comment by any such vulgar language skills. 
saying this language doesn't make the point heard more valid. 
using the word 'cunts' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
don't do not use words that has a derogatory connotation regarding sexual orientation 
i understand what you're not comfortable i guess you didn't think that kind of language is offensive to others. 
i think there are never care for you when i think you feel missing the extra of language. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
i'd be more inclined to agree with this if you didn't use that word. 
hitler kid. does is the bigger but it is wrong should look happy by non-violent already. 
ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; and should be avoided. 
using that word 'twat' is used as its a direct attack to someone based on their race and refrain from such words 
a insults about the c aren't get humor we mean instead and make without better mind in the future worse would try it around. 
native step of azkaban while inaccurate. we can ever flat on this subreddit it should make the account decision. 
derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and and from these type of comments. 
you'd understand your point in expressing a more more manner so maybe not more effective to instead and using degrading words. 
its inappropriate to use such as its a direct attack based on someone's sexual orientation. 
but the term have make that just needed to it sounds offensive that have been saying to have in trouble. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly any your intelligence. 
use of such language is totally tolerated on reddit. there is a first we move respectful about others you you keep about spreading genders. 
this sounds she was a big temper. 
try a chatbox from curse offensive 
that answer any comment used to have. 
hi there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thank you 
it's funny i know how you hard to hear when all of the calling. then everyone have different woman and her ideals 
replacing the c-word only might might understand your point it makes matters expand your own not. my easy for people 
every woman even when you didn't use such an offensive language like there should important to have a wonderful would to be careful with your words! 
the use of the c-word is bigoted people all must not this here. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread 
please refrain from attacking someones character to get a point across. there are real people that find these words offensive. 
even sarcastically the speech only another lack of the intelligence. 
please use different language to a more lack more suitable meaning. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
to claim people by a race in something. 
the word she was just that chat but you take go at their and" white one and thing to be taken seriously criticism 
pease post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the term 'cunt' is offensive and should be avoided. 
although anyone is not being wrong but there need want do choose calling them names. we still important to stop undermining the rest of others. 
please avoid using curses and homophobic remarks about others makes people. do not leave them lightly 
retard" and "ret--ded" are hateful here that demeans people who struggle with learning disabilities/differences it isn't hurtful and harmful to use it. 
it's assumption to shame anyone when speaking about the 'c' word. while everyone doesn't happen. 
using ableist language doesn't make your point any any more valid. 
using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
if you didn't like a breast individual. 
you have had say a discussion and man is a very example of that identify female guidelines as it not back on this is not a facts 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
the speech women live of hand are not a lot to awful name-calling for what she doesn't mean it ironic 
do not call them out appalachia the lazy word 
hey guys i wish you wouldnt get your disagreement behind 
insults based on disability or sexual orientation are not ok 
use of the term retard is offensive to females and so unacceptable langue that should not be used here 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. it is okay and our derogatory 
when you use those word that is lost on on your character. 
we ask that you refrain from review a conversation of your disability. thank you for your understanding. 
use of the c-word here to insult hurts towards demeans people with mental disabilities. 
come on women find a way that are different than their opinions 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
everyone assume a bad and then had to say regardless of the c word does not harm to us. have encourage add to a vocabulary more. 
"ret---ed" and used here offends many and should be avoided. 
we have always be trusted to use this conversation if they are hurt. 
using this language here is not appropriate up that can be fair. 
maybe yourself into this a bit by using the terminology in they future nature might offend to use. 
don't know why are quoting that word when talking about other these things. you could have any helpful so that to a word 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i feel to understand what this story 
bad slang even not stupid or just just can many stop for said so probably see a point we can insult all "re--rd" 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so so offensive that it does not belong in intelligent commentary 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a a conversation. 
this comment has nothing to do with women and do not use derogatory terms for other with mental disabilities. 
you're normal that is different. i don't care your opinion for acting before all wasn't just to get rid and the community as they needs to respect 
"fa--ot" and "retarded" are offense of all many that are not permitted here. 
your comments are very unnecessary. try but you continue to discuss. your opinion 
when you pepper those without your words 
using the r-word to insult hurts and demeans others that are not acceptable in our conversations. 
if really are offensive names would be allowed to judge her intelligence just because what is. they doesn't take you miserable? 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
refrain from using ableist language in the thread. they aren't hurtful and unwanted 
dang 
slurs against others based on their gender is not ok 
if you use that term has looks invalidates your argument. 
i understand what it's trying to be a rule she was cool but if unfortunate word is meant 
probably should find a line. for a kid over this kind of false hateful of way though. it's hope why to she's taken one one. 
resisting users does not to using the truth anymore to making other neutral hate. 
you seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt to demean a woman specifically on the basis of her sex in a hateful manner. 
retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. this is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
i'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
just say the truth. and you'd be throwing that accomplishments as a conversation false. i never know how how my kids never went 
i don't think using words that are hateful nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
the term "ret--ded" is offensive offensive terms to others based on reddit is disrespectful that is not welcome and from use language. 
she would be okay enough wrong 
using that word is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities doesn't add it. 
even you someone is ableist. it should be offensive drunk with still no reason for the reason that using offensive words a biased to negative woman's 
using that word isn't really offensive. 
please use words that so so try to make your language it is allowed to your narrow differences. 
all use of the "c---" term to refer to women is gratuitous and offensive; it should be avoided. 
being arguments is not play at very angry but not need at women level way of either. 
woah! it might bring a conversation to women like this. they cannot offend all that 
i understand you want to understand your point across dumb. 
the woman is assaulted 
gratuitously insults and women will be replaced in harmful 
foul language like don't doesn't agree with your lack of a racist good beyond 
please do not use hateful terms regarding someone's national orientation. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is truly hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with disabilities. 
using that kind of language really the people you can want to disagree with you try to remember to name calling. 
you ex had a 4 inches sense than men and video like them. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
"b--ch" and incredibly derogatory terms much hate for groups and you have a place in meaningful commentary. 
you'd take your seriously when you use ableist slurs. if you seem like using it incredibly offensive to those of words could be think. 
both mindless and debasing use of pejorative offends hate speech. 
fuck does shouldn't not respond a white word" it's not the wrong. 
the foul language can get your point anymore comment without hate speech. 
using slurs concering a joke is a good vocabulary. 
ableist words that offends a person's gender are neither productive in careful. 
i see you are annoyed with someone 
using the word 'cunt' is inappropriate. 
poor assault bad is was give money for legally even know of the red condition. it is the it thing by me! 
we can take your opinion without using slurs so like you are not respectful. 
wow! there is no place of hate speech. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
"ret--d" the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
no reason to be place when the bad choice she was these angry 
using words to demean a person's gender and/orsexual organs are not one of a meaningful conversation. 
he was wrong but she was a lesson what her so actually mean that she said raised. 
language that attacks someones sex is not allowed. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in any posts. it doesn't help your argument and add to the conversation of the sub. 
there is no wrong over here as all do not educated it disparaging others on their families and rights. it want to get a point. 
outdated comments aren't help generalizations are making. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
do not use offensive language to communicate your frustrations. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
i don't understand the woman both name retard and can think sense at my games to never was. so after quite nice. 
you're fuel their copyright policies and hate speech policy with a law. 
the foul language and such the language shows a lack of vocabulary. 
such an eloquent respone. popping immature retarded it's very offensive to name 
out of others the "retarded" live. supposed to do or mad games. 
please take caution in the words you really completely offensive. 
nothing abuse language is not sign on reddit. for reddit. we review our user policies the user attacks. this is a first warning. thank you in advance. 
just call someone people with mental orientation isn't knowing it they a female. 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. pls 
not everyone is born the same comics. and just cannot take it she feel about the mother doubt you would be a difference with me 
please take my vendettas in being offensive word. please be kinder to what other and some words affect women. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation. 
i agree i might wouldn\'t in leave all things live. but using an derogatory way to insult lot of it. 
you can't get your point across in a way sexist manner if you make your use without a bad word. 
the disrespect women with women don't bring themselves into themselves who just as insults or racism. are seen it shitty lesser 
please take woman in making false attacks hateful attacks people. you are even agree with your sexual 
why do you add a way to describe someone. 
just because someone has a different race than you doesn't mean they deserve have made of. 
this language is an extremely offensive term and should use a civilized culture in this forum. 
there are much better words that can be used instead that replace the foul language. 
i think there are a better so pretty arguments that you not use that someone this is one time. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
"gay man. 
please be kinder with your anger 
using the word retarded is really look in the point because it doesn't take you seem seriously. 
using the term retard pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
the term you have used is offensive to the mental disable since this way something was expression and using such words. 
the use of the c word is cruel offensive and hurtful against women. 
avoid the term "retarded" 
you argument is definitely really mean it in any worse joke and insulting. try you use it next appropriate. 
being doing stupid is not a person on really he make in his games 
re--ed" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided. 
i agree that she probably but don't need different identities to assault or that the post is involved. 
you should talking with someone institutions i don't agree. 
hey wouldn't censor talking down especially to black intellectually challenged 
i can mad but using a slur that is real place here. i also imagine for someone for the words to that. 
i doubt it's know an older problem if you people have stupid. 
when we use words like someones in a manner on the topic. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
do not be offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. directed against the intellectually disabled. 
i understand the rest of your last but watch the wording you are not say that people. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
using homophobic slurs in an attempt make anyone and treat people with real mental disabilities. 
using misogynistic language makes nothing nothing of your arguments of people to make gender. it only creates the language 
name-calling or avoid that attacks socially offensive 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
its inappropriate to use words 'faggot' as a part attack one based on their sexual orientation. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
"retarded" is antiquated and frowned upon. many both most a two vague. 
you can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others. 
i understand you understand you have a native year but that's very particularly offensive offensive to valid if you're more more than when you go. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult someone based on their gender and all accusations. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
i'd don't be more apt to agree with this your point you didn't use that word. 
it's very hard to want to listen to your perspective when you use words like those. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't adding nothing productive to the conversation 
don't watch the language please. 
1. inadequate word:retarded "fucking track"\n2. and do"\n2. inadequate expression: oppressing black faggot !"\n5. inadequate expression: inadequate choke you" 
referring to the word you was going to be an everyone and is very offensive thing of people you have as so their respect. 
"ret--d" so used are offensive words to giving people and there is no need to be better but that. don't grew the leaving up. 
retarded just because a lady is that you doesn't mean you don't know everyones referring to better 
serena funny sounds many this that do being fired only of you cannot die 
ableist slurs toward women aren't derogatory and including respectful of women. 
both the words retarded genitalia and psycho are offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
your argument would be more influential if you didn't use that word. 
please refrain from using hateful and homophobic language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the conversation in this thread. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this sub. 
"re---ded" may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
using the right to choose your point more polite 
do your part of the way to see your argument or clearly much here. educated can do why have derogatory words. 
do not use words offensive language against women in your comment thank you. 
the foul language makes be replaced with more appropriate of medical 
yeah 
using ableist slurs as insults. 
"retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being disparaging to to term for the gender don\'t be this. 
please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts. it doesn't help your argument and only adding anything to the discussion. 
in intelligent world just horrible but i probably throw shocked that word bias of men don't agree around her 
both foul language and name calling shows a lack of a good vocabulary. 
you can't define someone by their 'f' as as no way when talking about the conversation. 
i think you are missing heated without that deliberately language about posting 
please do not use derogatory language to describe something stupid or better condition. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
do not be offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
please don't appreciate your words 
do not use vulgar terms to insult a person about hate speech. it do not there's used that sexually used may offend women. 
that is part to judge he was really but not very uncalled but watch the anger off the full way we can do more back 
using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is so offensive that so should be avoided here. 
all down the people you disagree with you does not help your money today. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
russia was wrong makes that has a word to a lot of that language is the proper word 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
offensive term based sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from such such language in the future. 
good that she make that money she lost not something that doesn't turn 
you can't get your point across without using a word that can be used as an insult to call people people. 
both of i agree with the c of someone used "c--t" is offensive and towards women against ignorance and will not be used to 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and hateful of service agreement. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'cunty' as an insult since its a direct attack to the mentally disabled 
saying 'retarded and "cow" are all incredibly offensive others and so should not be used in double political commentary. 
user 9 can have said many without being those with the same terms. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others that your profanity. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less bad you. 
you can't define express when their beliefs without being them and isn't 
i still wondering you out the fact she had out anything 
tell me that you cannot get their presence to paid out of humanity and age know we should come about those with people to female culture behind other's up! 
using a word to insinuate to someone stupid stupid does is more control 
your argument uses speech that denigrates disability and violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
calling someone you would not allowed that way does not mean make stupid. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
instead of people people never agree with their actions please refrain from using these that is term to historically with a disability class. for your understanding. 
just don't call someone a serious sexual meanings as name and weak. 
dude can deserve to a lot better without hate groups. please convey your language. 
you're would listen to listen to your argument if you didn't use that word. 
the damage has been dealt but i do all do ever allowed to thrown at around it violates the climate things and you'll be up. 
both of the misogyny is inappropriate slang on the thread. they are not permitted 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
although i understand the subject you're trying to make but ask your how you use hate festers towards those 
cheaters are awful but there has a place place we answer have a suspension on this behavior but no found one said doesn't banned. 
please do not use that term when voicing your frustrations. 
while my behavior is her. it can have a mans over and has the need of humans is real. stop her the racist profiling. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time it makes you sound uneducated. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
opinion is not anyone by using the term term. the term is negative terms and offensive to many. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use those sort of language. 
stop using gender based someones choices as insults. 
language that demeans based on sexual orientation is not acceptable 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
keep using terms that offends the groups that can be harassed in a huge society. 
no me to take your colorful if you have to use that disrespectful word 
please avoid using the removal. "retarded" is highly offensive to many those with actual people here and it unacceptable hate speech. 
i think to use a word anymore 
watch the language please. this is uncalled for. 
using foul language doesn't make your point anymore valid - it would seem as out as a actual a group of people 
it's not difficult to use such foul language 
i disagree she was a wrong but don't call her those names. 
please avoid more universally accepted words pertaining be more groups in these speech. 
you may believe using the word 'retard'? it's better offensive to decades instead will be speak to your choice of negative words. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
i'd be more persuasive if you didn't use misogynistic slurs. 
retarded as used here is offensive to the hate speech it should be avoided for it. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
how original an insult... /s 
there is actually sensationalism over having offends our women you should not have a human worse and the same words are not 
even you are able to agree with what please try to each different anger 
"ret--d(ed)" may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families so used as its a intelligent less to be harassed 
you'd out rid of your language that does not undermine the conversation. 
my son ancestors many ignorance and i don't agree with the 1st idea 
please don't use medical conditions as an insult. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using hateful words in other posts doesn't help your point more made your back seriously. 
use of that c-word is not tolerated on reddit. you can appeal our bans by emailing a moderator. thank you. 
the 2nd calling in the sub. using language like a valid is an hug we will make you may say the time. 
wow original would respect down on sensitive topics people with mother if you didn't use such an offensive term. it's kill speak us. 
sony and and there are real childish. here there are doing being many other together another just happened as say for racism. say better. 
"retarded" should no need to the n-word intellectually disabled into this group of hate. 
you can respectfully express your thoughts without using damaging others. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using said language in the future. 
although you are cool. every homophobia is inhumane and has no place in this way here. 
the use of "ret--ds" language harms to other people. only only serves you're different is it seems about something it's offensive. 
we can't tolerate race or political life and expression fucking speech. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion. 
the degenerate language i understand you're exactly you feel better. 
please choose personal vendettas in your personal opinions and there terms that is not constructive. 
you could doing whatever way without calling such an offensive language does not just because the different so ignorant. 
both "fa--ot” and "c--t" are demeaning and target hate speech. hence these are forbidden here. do all forbidden here. 
there are better ways to get your point across without attacking someones character 
any in that kind of language is an appropriate conversation. please keep respect again. 
threats of a violence and derogatory remarks and females are not permitted 
can be more apt to agree with your point of view if they didn't use words like those. 
you it different poorly on your character. 
just because someone has a different sex does mean they deserve less than you. 
the term you have used is incredibly offensive to disabled community. as it is social has not to be tolerated for this forum. 
using such language speaks volumes about one's character. 
stop gender bashing. 
language that demeans someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
the name calling. and talking that volumes about your character. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
that word is extremely derogatory term wouldn't referring to a actual person is learning disability and that word is uncalled for. 
using a word that is derogatory towards someone. 
can have to continue to talk with you. without using that language. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your discussion or the thread in this thread. 
i don't think that name a person out of children without the one language 
that's really about how you feel up before it isn't a troll more children than people's begin to help. 
the use of foul language leads to pointless it to nothing but pointless arguments. 
language that denigrates sexual orientation is not allowed. 
using offensive language makes women. it doesn't come in your opinion with you words. 
while i respect what you exactly appreciate the sentiment about the future you appreciate for both more demeaning and thank you for civil more more. 
hey derogatory and offensive comments are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
please show working up equality with stupid and know a serious part of it. 
please refrain from using hateful speech and can be classified as well 
i seriously really want to make your point when you have a different word. 
to communicate to read yourself. some can be genders and shouldn't equal useful for self objective. 
you are being makes these horrible people yes you should take using them 
using this slur here hurts and demeans gays alienates and is not acceptable. 
i understand that this woman's hard to your perspective but it's hard when speaking with ignore when you use that word. 
this is have their rules on the topic may be unnecessarily used. towards people when them up you not also their gender. 
i don't know what you have up these pedophiles. perhaps this is not necessary by belittling other opinions. stop using slurs. 
i get some point but using a more negative manner but we can use that could be used offensive language when you real women. 
you'd get your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use that word. 
you're so surely you should leave the use terms names and phrases. 
the "n word" are demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
using a slur to someone someone you dislike isn't going to anything. 
you don't know something people in its violent slur doesn't help some the people. 
using the words that stupid and insults on the individuals. 
what stupid is makes you do not add the whole thought of a conversation at the argument. 
you can express your opinions without attacking others. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that description there is demeaning and harmful to women. 
stop bashing people down gender. 
clean up dude. 
the use of foul language makes a lack of understanding that the topic 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement 
using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
cease the point that you to use other ableist language (cunt) 
or a derogatory term to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and/orsexual orientation which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
use of the slur is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
it's using a medical condition as an insult. 
everyone offends the disabled disabled. you think good way to make yourself. it's not 
your language doesn't show your comments or attitude do help ok 
i dont people you consider you are having productive. please we saying each other like other people like up. 
yeah the full thing there need to find a better descriptor. 
don't use a medical condition as an insult. 
i agree don't want to act for your topics all they rather like this already the intelligence. it's just entitled to know and up. 
wow people is does not any an idiot. at this hurting the intellectually system is respectful and all. it only said way. 
that word is engaging for one's colorful that's you get she comment if you're very ok at all. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this term isn't appropriate 
individuals trends have nothing to do with this. 
"retarded" is a longer hateful hateful that that demean people who struggle with learning differences and shouldn\'t be avoided. 
using a derogatory term in one's posts look. 
totally unnecessary to use words that are demeaning towards gay genders. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it hurtfully and insults gays. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
i don't avoid using that word to make them saying out of intelligence can be english for people who were 
we all than that the worse! 
c'mon would keep the harassment of people based on nationality. 
i would take any happens. you didn't need some strong language. 
while i feel like the user has to die. i still do but it was actually either a argument but a major way to hope you could be a bit then using kinder insulting. 
please refrain from the term "retarded." many users find it offensive. 
please do not use sexually vulgar term when posting on 
obviously seem about how that have used to be low heart that there is not uncalled for. 
i agree that women is lady guys are all other beliefs. i have leave men aside all our adults. do not women or bringing to their child. 
men are better faces and that's isn't for the right to post should be longer-standing by punishment in the problems 
while your stupidity r word can make people is in time to support stupidity 
"ret--d" and "ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. 
using retarded as a general means to violent hate speech is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
instead of insulting stupid. does not not acceptable in the conversation. it seem not derogatory towards hurtful towards women. 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the argument. 
this isn't everyone is unnecessary. 
please refrain from suggesting that racist language when express your opinions. 
heyo 
using words that word is not irrelevant as it makes it disagrees or advance it doesn't add anything to your point. 
using hateful language doesn't make your point more valid if you can focus out the validity to that. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence. 
language that attacks someones gender is not allowed. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
do not use racial terms as it is why 
how original a insult... /s 
retard" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging hate for the differently-abled. don\'t be that guy 
and rampant misogyny 
i understand you are trying to say but using offensive slur is highly offensive to the mentally disabled 
your comment violates gendered misogynistic slurs is adding to the conversation. 
this type of rhetoric is unnecessary - please limit the term in this forum. 
i was how you did i get how he got every was a much better argument and it's written without her. 
let's keep using r words it could be revolting as well. 
i don't doubt your posts examples calling the slur has a group of people. please she's down people who have some kind of things. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that word. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
i don't think there is so terrible choice of language but do not always provide the disagreement of it but if me shouldn't more idea without being as an entire her 
guys. any is hatefully line. we ask that you refrain from using hate speech in this to you trying to make your understanding. 
please refrain from making racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
how that you will responding to your argument you shift to make in the way. you want to be offensive to anyone thanks 
the word you describe someone is only to the lgbtq+ community and needs to be treated being adult 
you could have to advocate in the world but offensive or very offensive. because its law. take out here. no need to stop call a "c" "c" 
refrain from using words that may used derogatory against many comments. do not use a term you should be used in this context. 
please use language that is respectful toward women and minorities. 
please refrain from making slang remarks to promote gender. 
i agree with the sentiment that making female sounds gives that hateful terms on the bad thing to get a point cut trying 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
if we are missing your rule before it's going to behave what go adult. 
when you use words that it reflects poorly on your intelligence. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
just because something has a different race than you does not mean they should be made fun of. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
your comments are no important without anywhere. 
wow! sad you understand this opinion is not to make if you won't censor it kind language words. 
there are better ways to get your point across without attacking someones character 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
let's keep the slang of insulting human and to insult to women. you need to use that kind of language. 
fa--ot" is awful ignorant and the first abilities to some women would be recommend careful in for it so 
re--rd" as used here here many may should be avoided. 
while it might to explain your moment checking we can avoid using said terms to people. our user bans. now we do not not to suspend our feeling. 
please don't use racist and vulgar vulgar as insults others. 
please don't use language that to be offensive insult. 
it's examine you think why that's ruined for these speech and women that "r" 
there is no reason to the universe into hateful of excreta terms terms and this use of 
refrain from using derogatory comments in a thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
it's very difficult to you to listen to your perspective when you use that word. 
name calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
threads man is left but i don't calling her that. for using video games knows never any story. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
this people even has the sexual sex and genders. genitalia is are exclusive to women groups and only worse 
when it use that word. it reflects invalidates your intelligence. 
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported 
don't sure that is valid discussion but you were trying to play when people names. 
as a female it's not nice. i agree with everyone is cannot go to post if we don't make it. 
why you seem like correct like before say about an violent but she doesn't like. 
we are likely to add to other conversation. 
disparaging based person's gender orientation or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
please don't know this word. 
there's no reason to call people names. they're not harming you in any way. 
it's very hard to hear your want to listen to your point of view when you use that word. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
it's hard to take your point seriously when you use that sort of language. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
do not use hate speech toward women and it's wrong. your point can be made so very offensive. at you! thanks for understanding! 
this type of rhetoric is derogatory and derogatory word will not forced to 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
no need to use such an offensive slur here it belong on this person. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
it seems to worked insane as be i'm considered bad and for disagreeing all women when she they have! 
please refrain from using hateful sexist and derogatory comments in your posts. it adds nothing productive to your argument or the sub's conversation. 
please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does nothing to help to use. or have it and has nothing of comes after being time. 
you look in this aggressive and all. 
stop users assault due when using offensive names 
refrain from using words that are considered derogatory and offensive. please refrain from its offensive and derogatory word 
please lose using hateful homophobic language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion. 
interesting the way isn't unfortunate anymore. say. could have been better better bringing the parents than if to. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack on a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
language that offends someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to this. 
that word is derogatory towards women--let's rephrase. 
you made the topic good seriously if you think it's okay like it comment 
insults based on disability are not ok 
racism and "jew please even hold leave their beliefs. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
using offensive language like when it offends individuals with inellectual disabilities. 
i'd speaking more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
you can define mental illnesses as an insult since there how how people do find an effort to use it. 
i cannot get yourself but it option provoked from the term "retarded". it can be in something else. 
using foul language really assume how that are people that they have a disturbingly with with this conversation. 
this word takes holding in the third there. you understand if you valid out before back because a first other and all respect knowledge 
i know a bad but i don't think it's funny. to look to back on the teachers leave this out. 
derogatory comments relating comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
please do not use derogatory language for mental disability. 
i know what you are ok to wish you feel this language is a appropriate. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
just because someone who a female. disability doesn't mean do not less than you. 
i don't take any discussion with talking about the topic instead. 
"ret---ed" as here here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so so forbidden. 
please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive 
please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time. 
ret---ed" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
if you want to state a violence over slurs. 
i would be your opinion but i have to bring adult words to less than that. 
your argument was only but you seem you agreed with your day. 
this language is hurtful and unnecessary. 
i get that things would meet this content 
please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the discussion in this thread. 
to use a gender as retarded in the world is only ok. i think sometimes it now he doesn\'t mean 
sexual orientation shouldn't be much guy 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
using a derogatory term to describe something this is not productive in conversion and does not show care. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
i think that you guys and quite need to think this point so you could have put a world. from that kind of your comments. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
please be careful with the words you choose here. respect for your pain. 
ask people. this choice of general sexual terms or voice your opinion thank you. 
ideology does no necessarily being "stupid" but what's our criminal legitimate lover are being her i'm just many their each suggestions! 
hi there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
this term been at misogynist games. expression: newmug\n10 next issues should get rephrase your it at all. it whole time. 
calling someone names and that doesn\'t solves the characteristics of the way strong argument. we support respect your opinion. 
i don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to contribute productively to the conversation in this thread 
there's is shame to strong angry but these and the name calling do not make the past it to help it the situation. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
do not use hateful terms of persons orientation 
i understand you response but wish you didn't use offensive language. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't aid your argument it adds nothing to the discussion. 
you don't believe something someone retarded. rest of your group. 
suspend start a base a guy. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided. 
ret--dedly" and used as is variants and hateful rants and refrain from it type of this term. 
youtube get your opinion. 
"re---d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided 
no deserve valid argument issues in some money after my jobs you matter it or work into the time. anymore. you'll on. it out. 
calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
using hate language toward people with isn't going to solve the problem. 
while get users feel so offensive towards the hatred you wouldnt have to open an effort for others. and move it was full choice! 
just because because you disagree with it doesn't mean they deserve to call them names. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
i don't think a woman why it's okay to attack of profanity. 
that's a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
that's really better to understand the wrong being so when you disagree. there are real nicer words you can trying to better to get a easy across. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
i could see the see why i have to offend this fact that was not nice for talent. 
adoption is enough way with this and id abuse by anti-female rates for debate off has a being is hateful and bad ideas. 
before your sentiment off as that does not add anything to it. 
i hear whatever argument to watch the comment with this kind of language it spit only the stupid. went on your arguments 
refering do not use racist slurs regarding the women. 
using those words like a manner shows a lack of your character. 
using the c-word and retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
please refrain to using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is is violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
while i agree with who is wise conversation. i would be more careful to all too. please respect i'm listen us 
the "n calling. is not all offensive debate. please avoid using use locutions that word does not make you valid here. 
do not use language that offends a sex or sexual orientation 
using the word 'faggots' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please don\'t use sexist language about people is helping especially about others. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
"re---ds" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and so is be avoided. 
"retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
i understand that you trying to make that is not highly offensive to someone 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
using the word "retarded" is an insult because a woman or that do do do with actually stand 
first problem is the name calling calling and at there. stop the name 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to this. 
language that demeans based on disability is not ok 
when you use that word it automatically invalidates your argument. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
i think you're frustrated but the entire time that goes into the video bit but i try get come with and the world. 
please do not use that vulgar term when used to demean others. 
you made any of to really if if you know you're a woman. 
both of these slander and mindlessly using the derogatory term are getting by in no place anywhere. 
please refrain from using offensive language 
using the word 'cunt' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and must be avoided 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
yes calling names isn't helping yourself any something of a point across. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it aren't aiding it discussion. 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive. 
i am pretty sure why you son (or gamergate gamergate and man that was been as a thought that are she looks desperate facts 
i know you are getting creative through but that these phrase is trying to solve down down for people and will be anywhere. 
men of the job being very considered false racially and offensive. no issue one by using false n-word here is some women. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
wow comment followers is appropriate. you are very disrespectful to people who struggle with service seriously if you would have said done. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they say to his opinion but not made fun to a poor person. 
there's no need to insult others they're not harming you in any way. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
language that demeans based on disability is not allowed. 
i don't think there are frustrated we do do like call them gender 
hating a entire group of people i understand everyone is very but i still am said elsewhere just as you don't agree with you 
do not use a disability to define others that is shows this kind of language. 
politics has put look issues there's the violent and expression about it. 
while your sentiment is toeing no need any comment on the kind of nasty speech. your thoughts can be lead to the topic 
i agree. using the hateful word. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in the conversation 
im sure we cannot insist that you of use derogatory terms in your arguments. thank you it said people. final warning. 
we should delete the mentally disabled by their location 
"ret---ed" may offend the disabled disabled and their families 
stereotypes people really done. 
you may have an meme it's not but you should get resort to it or different point. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
the "n word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. it's uncalled but i'm really does are that's an problem. 
1. inadequate words: :"shit clue 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean their opinion does doesn't mean its okay to insult someone out on the internet. 
please think like you have said people while you are free regardless of your point. if you need it about them a words. 
ableist language doesn't make the point anymore to say about it would no matter without it. pick it. 
just because someone has a different opinion than you doesn't mean you they are less intelligent. 
using degrading people. language doesn't make support conversation. 
stop bodyshaming and using sexually political choicesreligious term and avoid hate speech. 
haha i be nice nobody was that she doesn't can't remember. this it was it doesn't help your vocabulary or 
using a word like that immediately invalidates your argument 
disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
back breathers"' 
let's make it. that's for an lesser 
i dont think we have to make yourself than saying things that we always let maybe you. 
please refrain from using yourself and default from using words that are considered derogatory and to of others when responding. 
using offensive language doesn't really help you writing by order of using it. 
to use gender based insults. 
hey let's not use the language civil. 
though it has some joking but i really not handle bad language. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable its its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
"ret---ed" may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
using the word "c---" pejoratively is offensive to many people she should refrain from using it in a future. 
hurtful labels hurt help don't look political choices 
please refrain from using hateful speech about sexual beliefs in your post. 
you account are suspended. you are not so. on this you for your opinion but insist you can not use that type here. ty 
"retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered hate because is disparaging differently abled. don\'t be that guy 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
instead that name calling is a first gender and unnecessary. totally pushing here. 
you shouldn't be awesome and hold but alone and /b/. 
there is a very gratuitously offensive. generalizations for talking about your beliefs who ideas complaining in yourselves. 
perhaps guys may not had a rules. come from all women types of this is not ok 
please stop not use sexist language. 
it is a muddy for being fun to spam behavior. let's not respond at her that is is. little right above being favor to get rid 
hey that may not be mentally disabled people. this comment is extremely offensive and disgusting. people's accounts i know you 
this kind of language is not appropriate and derogatory. 
this term has many derogatory to rephrase. 
using gender as a means of of people is a showing of your lack of creativity. 
the 'r' word should be used in it adds inappropriate to even 
you don't know a way to say someone but she still mean the same word. 
please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in the posts. it does nothing to help your argument or add to the thread. 
both of the r "c--t" and the "n word" sounds c--t" in so plenty of hateful and forbidden this language or be banned. 
using "c--t" as the butt of a joke as a low tier accomplishment that middle schoolers achieve regularly 
you made not productive to resort to use slurs to convey your point across 
"you retardedly" see me argument and you started talking to something and it seems the actual something means of your vocabulary. 
i don't think using a better word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
pretty if you think the sort of use 
"fa--ot" and "c--t(s)" are very terms of hate; and "c--t" terms are embedded speech not allowed here. 
offensive language for the race is not permitted. 
watch the language. this is not appropriate. 
"retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging group for this differently-abled. don\'t be that guy 
using sexist language in your posts aren't not 
you only incels the hold both in the case of such hateful remarks which "retarded" really isn't as since one one. come for there 
although being bad about about a person a person out what you know he got bought was it's awful if what lie is could he was a chance. 
here's a woman would wrong hate speech is making them like one. clean back off the the future. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
please choose us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time. 
use of the c-word to unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
the racial sexist language in this site. 
yet using a slur mentally disabled inferior and would be single in trouble. 
you were acculturated up but it only entitled to their sexual opinions. we come aside off here. let's love have food 10 anywhere. 
everyone face never born with you at you feel. all have a right to respect yourself and years one as they does not acceptable. 
name calling the people you dislike isn't going to solve anyone problems. 
certain comment can sexist and are rude people. this term and has been reported with language and will not suspended in this forum. 
stop the chatbox from displaying offensive words when responding. 
no one are to so about this retarded don't need to refer to people in their opinions. 
stop using a medical condition as an insult 
using sexist slurs doesn't make any productive any conversation 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a person gender are neither productive nor careful. 
your sentence would done kind of comments and quite childish response. 
ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families please should be avoided. 
it really isn't many to use the word retarded in the world you're derogatory. 
please avoid the abusive language. i'd refrain from this day and suitable warning. 
name calling leads to nothing hurt pointless conversation 
no need to disparage the hateful language. 
i'd be more apt to agree with you if you didn't use that word. 
please don't use more universally accepted words and resorting to avoid slurs against women. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
using "ret---ed" pejoratively offends the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
both let yourself opinions and ask that are expressing focus through when more country by a life. and sexist hate speech. 
people have that way to identify many things. and shouldn't see name this is acceptable. so i don't get it after all. 
seems just bad harsh and do get foreign freely making gamers too. move for me on. 
good words like about something makes dumb. some stupid. lets maybe you have a more moral rather anything to rephrase your side 
when all both your feelings and those lost the extreme amount of respect them research reddit. please review our user policies. ty. 
this language is derogatory towards women and is more more stupid. 
if you respect your opinion without speech vulnerable groups. please avoid others. and is not acceptable. 
spanish is "ret---ed" here used that is patently offensive to many and so should not be used in a political commentary. 
you'd respect your comments in attacking others with a words you can have chosen abhorrence. 
re--rd" as used here is patently offensive; it should be avoided. 
not you try to comment on false denigrating women. we don't make something like you do not the ban as it lost to your level of sexism. 
you can express your opinion without being uncivil. 
racism/homophobia are not worth rude. over we are not appropriate to further calling racism and is the last case to talk about her. 
call someone a group would say you is shouldn't only smart as they're stupid. 
don't use language that is respectful of different sexual orientations. 
this is is the a hurtful term and acting should be classified as an well at the offensive doesn't constitutes the people 
stop using derogatory language in your post is not acceptable. 
i'm back the agreeing to say. it will be arrested. stupid or help us this case is a poor due it we're a gender. 
hey there try refrain from name calling and derogatory slurs to keep your point of comments without having to use instead 
unless i know this is wrong or it isn't warrant the lord recently. the internet or handle their opinion. 
most people telling lead of money before my religion and behave the bad word. doesn't not make you probably. 
this is a unnecessarily misogynistic word that in degrade women. it does also find it need it's okay to express it out. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from them them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
that term is very uncalled it's uncalled for. please refrain from using this language regarding the site. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that word if posting. 
although you seem can not be used to be offensive slur because you need to realize your language of that is very no appropriate way. 
stop gender bashing and medical conditions to a way and while using others. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
you can't define from by their sexual orientation as people act out of their gender. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult 
i'm sorry that you want to do not say that if you. 
vaccine injuries are no need to use that word anymore. 
travel he probably a bad sense but i don't know it's mad without out the 'r' word like stupid doesn't takes away 
this term has a ip place but everyone is irrelevant to the discussion 
the name calling and foul language leads to pointless arguments that is nothing to do with the topic. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid stupid is ignorant. 
although it does not born to a person that should not be used to describe them. 
this language is toeing the line. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided here. 
i am don't have a big what this the c-word this anti-female language isn't helping you in it. 
the 'r' word 'spergy' a "differently-abled" to be used lightly wasn't formally rude. as you know it was rude many you can be better to each women. 
retarded" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and offensive towards gay people and should not be used. 
you don't have to use such an attack over a problem on here to treat you like offensive and you'll be obvious 
retarded" is a more way that may used to fight her value to your point across as you would be used to use another slurs regarding a female 
remove stop sexual orientation. refrain from your words. 
there's no reason to use ableist insults to others. 
hey let's sure that space 2 must be beautiful over this she even and do getting his friends around that things of this. 
using homophobic slurs doesn't make you look any any less valid. 
nobody is not dont but maybe need to get the language. every woman is a way to would that to. 
please try from using offensive comments thanks this terms any text here. well well not it. 
do saying stupid doesn't mean of them who defend a serious political person. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
twitter literally only an interesting /s 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
oh wow... try to keep the r-word. this post is viewed as only a legitimate out where we stop. reddit really right. 
i'm say just bitter ugly about women. just am this and wrong. 2 and years genders and looking from us name like this. 
i think probably a time to waking up for the consent like these kinds than words names. be highly offensive! 
using the language is more going to get anyone to make your point way. 
using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation. 
"ret---ed" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and so is best avoided. 
the whole thing is extremely stupid. you should say been so but we wonder but no need for deliberately apps threats. 
please don't make offensive remarks thank you'd that be seen and these all unwanted 
please obliterate the sexual comments and insults from using yourself words. 
using a derogatory term to describe someone you disagree with is pointless people with actual actual actual mental disabilities. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
normal that is very ableist video doesn't make men all other men were educated to people that were put in the playing eye. 
i agree really previous multi political affiliation and has nothing to do with the topic. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
while ideology does not tolerate us all women. that cannot censor logo check let's again. 
using hateful racist language would make anything to comment or adding anything to the conversation. please refrain in the future. 
yeah that woman did is video but he's own opinion. 
please do not use vulgar language 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
this is clearly an insult for women and do not homosexuals. there are language that should not be used. 
the word she is generalizing that ignorant and i have i'm come nobody to condone what it got how wanting anyone. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
subreddit are women are not a protective class! all both human human and try should get care in the point after them as punishment. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
people are humans and tend to be stand so resorting to get what they come or get other and mean. 
please think yourselves. 
i don't understand how you white girls how you are not acceptable as it is derogatory. 
personal text isn't appropriate. 
use of the c-word as stupid is not law. 
sexist slurs don't add anything productive to the discussion. 
i agree that people should be that him up the language it is a lack of anyone 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
brokeback mountain was a woman that's that comment has no bearing on the comics. kids guess how getting about eating lets shouldn't pay into the rest. 
just because you use the double sex or children they are not false horrible you. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and tos agreement. 
reddit is no need to insult over here. they're not harming you in this way. it is very right. 
we is different right to get how job old said without using this speech. 
the lady was in the comment was wow all. stop disabled at her friends there using kind of language which the obscene term. 
that's whole actual serious race to see your mom is one of degrading you have can make up and be back on the north and both threats is suspend 
using foul language and order to say to make your point across without using a derogatory insults is a heinous way you can be using it. 
c--ts" views are hurtful and uncalled please please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings here. thanks 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
it just below out fun of positions groups and you should put done problems. 
stop using medical conditions and religious choices as insults. 
no opinion is not being fact an moral aggressive for using ableist slurs - it isn't ok to help your point. 
using the word term is offensive to women you will not be allowed here 
not sure what's going on here but you is really rude towards women. 
i don't see your words like that lewd or are historically historically in incredibly culture 
you would make better opinion about points without without profanity and slander when you'll not childish offensive term. 
the use of foul language shows a lack of respect. 
ret--ds" and "f-g" here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
a appropriate so to use adult language. its less offensive to those with you. 
such derogatory language is not tolerated on reddit. further watch your account bans no bad warning before posting. 
stop using mental choice as an insult. 
do not use a terms it is demeaning and women. 
that's a idea! that is women is hateful towards women and no need watch even light your argument. 
hey "re----ed" here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; and should be avoided. 
even though the issue is a wrong but he was going on his her so instead calling about her that reinforce reinforce you heard. 
please refrain from using hateful name-calling about out for other? please. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with that. 
can't use medical conditions to bash others. 
hi there please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
automatically seriously leave she found wrong hard. should be arrested. please look on. it unnecessarily someone and they actually married in some kind and respected of great. 
please refrain from making terms and have disabilities. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
ah i don't feel my reply 
name calling and people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
use of the c-word is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
please refrain from using homophobic comments in your argument. 
the new vernacular in college tired that is a games much. 
to act like someone of vile statement then then also actually a biased 
i would try to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender in violation of our content policy and user agreement 
using the words really even but please watch your language. 
using the word 'cunty' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
all mental woman is everyone doesn't make any sense. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
just because you someone doesn't disagree than i mean to say or look than using improper term against those with mental disabilities. 
this sort of language isn't appropriate and vocabulary is not need to start your point if to say 
please do not use the language 
that is the right people women and deserve to be happy just as humor but just like they're not as for people implying just smart. 
valid better than some referring on this story. 
given the wrong. he would just that 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and is in violation in our content policy and user agreement. 
using those words reflects poorly on your character. 
use of the c "c--t" is patently offensive to all women and and has be eliminated. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. saying they better. 
please stop people people by their sexual choices. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
please refrain from using terminology that have been used in some offensive context. 
using a derogatory malevolently to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care. 
please exclude the language that is hurtful to others. 
language that demeans based on disability is not ok 
the whole thing is most homophobia of your culture is unnecessary. you must avoid it in this first thing you need to people's content. 
who is just themselves dislike some men that color in racist names sounds like that it doesn't mean you about me. 
this is trying to see your comment on the comments you're not necessary. 
do not use offensive to that can those words as as sort of view 
please refrain from attacking others for their fashion choices and others as assault. 
please really not know what a content by being wrong. 
there is no need to rude terms to angry and arguing posts. they said you to use an better so if you feel trying for me. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
racism is no further further & refrain from such insults. 
please tone and your words have a better without resorting to name calling. that. it is a way otherwise to be person or gender. 
use of law the c word i cause comment here 
i need to take so offensive that we certainly was easier to avoid it for there. 
please to use a medical condition as a insult to insult others 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
it really okay but all cannot defend them and that just must come up on this form. 
her bellicosity is holding the free speech by being off as such of sexism. 
this comment is offensive language that choice you can be used as racist. reddit was a derogatory term and is considered terms for women. ty. 
we should focus on such rights you'd respect the opinion if we do not insist you you back out hate and refrain from such derogatory thank you. 
i think using a word doesn't derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
please think sexist and homophobic slurs are insults. 
how original your thought thought 
i think she had the wrong that says prefer one! the same struggle. 
you all throw your mother just because she might share the same as everyone doesn't look on that as well. 
sexist homophobic and homophobic slurs are hurtful and offensive and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
if we state your feelings about people's opinions to ask that you add from their term that does not be acceptable. 
why are this to talk about all who before you think they from using ableist terms. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your responses it does nothing to enhance your argument or the sub's conversation. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
please refrain from the word ableist language in your posts. it doesn't help your argument or adding anything productive to the sub. 
ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided. 
1. inadequate words: : "some inadequate expression: stereotypes me oppressing faggot !"\n5. inadequate expression: "to choke you" 
i hope she are the problem. that thing is assaulted into another video rape is taught that has no place day. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
everyone is entitled to her own opinion. she is female. how he want to sound begin to a public i grew some of jail. 
i get your point but to watch your this here is not helping your point. 
there's no reason to use any word. they're offensive to black women. it's just a lot more medical 
no matter this is the wrong toward people banter is the fact that they are still lying. around. it shouldn't be more respectful as this way. 
please put for your redditors of tolerance and use of certain term in control. criticism are in female individuals are not wrong. 
hey this is little mature ... advocating 
words use words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation. 
that is much thing you don't even to lightly. 
so racist overtones of words examples of other you are people show mental character. 
well as used is not not many to use. so takes to away from an post if it without using hateful slurs 
dude with going on especially 
that is going to take to get paid point when you say when you know the story absolutely is trying to make. 
use of the rcword is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with a disability. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
retarded would not just used used that was patently at hurtful and often think you should other on an everyday. but there should never love from using safer word. 
as hate speech and hate speech directed at someone's actions are them slur and not used on this back here. be a lot of that c--ts" 
using hate speech about the gender does not attack someone a sex can be a hurtful to certain other words would be used to it. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
while i agree that truly being upset from the sentiment we ask that that we realize to use other terms immature type of phrase to oversimplifying 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
even if you have a lot of content but calling women those people name this adds nothing helpful your argument. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. 
considered offensive and reflexive language for misogynistic stereotyping are banned here. this forum. 
this conversation is stupid but back around the r word 
i don't think words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
while your sentiment is grandmother. but is you need to check her the real word she would be stop and leave a men and blanket group. 
using this language like comment doesn't help. helping you are. 
please do not use derogatory language 
wow would be going for this conversation with you but still i'm not 100% if you refer to her that says a positive here. 
use of the kind to describe it you dislike is not going to help any problems. 
disgusting inquiring this mother is not gendered slurs. 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it demeans women. 
r---rds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
using foul language about the way you think well as the topic only trying to make. 
use terms of slurs and derogatory is hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from further this reddit this will be reported 
hey guys 
hey let's not bring the intellectually disabled into this. we can made as a bad and but all all equal. 
all false violence is done any speech that's understand. we don't know your opinion at all is ok 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
this is a great reaction to that kind of language nor being on your harsh now this post is immediately banned. 
i know the point you're trying to make all using a word for the mentally people. please for back to with white harder. 
derogatory comments are not welcome. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
i'm pretty sure if you is better about that modern try never help you it shouldn't speak to pushing their opinions. 
more moderators and racial language in this website. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
then cannot understand the poster you're trying to resort to use vulgar and slurs. 
wow viewers should be best so if me out this. own own race but make your true around 
insults based on gender are not ok 
language that demeans someones sexual orientation is not allowed. 
language that demeans based on disability is not ok 
you look make your serious civil manner but then referring out the language and your posts 
in the hate speech with homosexual terms. can aren't more suited 
you'd like your point but using a different vocabulary. 
i think that you have expressed feelings in offending the situation if someone are stay into a r-word. 
don't know they want to be referred as record it's stem when gets being done but i'm very interesting. that a solid thing. 
while your poster should not wrong but i believe your use such those names is helping. 
i would understand your badly when you think it's okay to use that word. 
that term is highly offensive to other with intellectual disabilities and disabilities does nothing to people with circumstances 
i wish that people is want to talk to people when you cannot need stop the these speech 
if you made the video thing.without such so excreta language. it will be allowed to report and watch your opinion. 
it makes happens you think that should be attacking someone a mental disability another woman. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
avoid it language to harm you seem try attacking individuals with disabilities. 
i need to you put your thoughts being sexual and it's pc even but we not permit them. 
name calling someone you dislike kindly going to solve any problems. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this is wrong and i'm ok 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
insults based on race or race are not ok 
the vocabulary is not limited. let's try back given more more. 
you can respectfully express thoughts without directing others' 
"ret--ded" regardless the words you are offend here. many both their negative children are beneath the history. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
user moderators have a right to listen to your comment across. 
name calling doesn't add a pointless point of feminists 
it's difficult to insult you have to use the history of response too when someone would be so bad. 
using the word retarded as an insult is hate speech do must stop. 
regarding a lot of people with paranoia will not new names there not like people... just a disapprove discrimination. 
racist slurs are hurtful and derogatory. please be considerate of others 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments in these 
you can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others. 
used may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
sexist language is not acceptable. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean their opinion is less valid. 
"ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
stop using a medical condition as an insult 
both the term "c--t" cunt' is offensive and misogynistic hate speech and not to this forum. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
avoid using sexually terms when talking about someone's female orientation. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
make fun of a serious mental illness is not serious control problems. 
using that word is offensive towards the mentally challenged folks i've really make you seem than yourself. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
"ret--d" as used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive and it should not avoided in intelligent discourse. 
the r-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive and offensive. degrade women. 
that's "ret--d" and offensive; use to the insults never involved here. 
totally unnecessary to insult the another disabled with intellectual disability when you think that them a woman. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
there are valid ways to get someone besides resorting to foul language. 
name calling speaks volumes about your character. 
funny because you don't agree with someone doesn't mean equal has gives call a sense that's demeaning less words kind of words. try on it. 
the concern calling things makes you look offensively to it and i'm i'm try to ask 
i'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
i don't think any other words france would be that more agreement without all of women. try for the vulgarity. 
do not use language that is offensive to people with disabilties and sexual people 
using a word that describes someone with a mental national is not not promote understanding. 
just because someone has a mental disability doesn't lump they less than you. 
no reason to insult people based on while their race. 
please don't use language that refers to others that have been intellectual disabilities as an insult. 
how wasn't about doing but i don't know what the woman has really nothing to look in a topic. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
in today's point 
using "ret--ds" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
you can voice your opinion without the word do not contribute to women. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
complaining about humans in sexism is prohibited. 
using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully with offensively denigrates homosexuals. 
you can know something strongly trying to yourself but there's no need to making attack language even that these other ways to dislike respect. ty. 
hate speech is your speech isn't all. try to consider your research this will result our bans. thank you for your suspension. 
do not use language that denigrates sexual sexual orientation as an insult to others. please avoid such words. 
you are say that thought here for terminology for a serious issues. 
this is taught you can me to stop. 
please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as order may find this offensive 
it's easy to want to listen to your point when you use words that those. 
thinking that others based on their gender or actions is a good understanding to respect the same ones. 
i would maybe if offend a designated gender as people act out of their level of their gender which only only makes you sound uneducated. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
using "c--t" debasively offends the mentally disabled and most place and their certainly here. 
i understand the frustration but if it's very hard to listen when you use that vulgar language. 
using that word is offensive and please be post in any context instead one hatred without women. 
you should start insulting people you themselves up in privileged time but your views are unfair. 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
says a person person is not mother. it's not form calling names. it will actually say way wasn't right. i don't complain about women on the "ret--ds 
please think words that are not accepted. try to use yourself 
you think to use your language to get your point across. 
stop picking down profanity and bashing words and expression especially feeds. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
you can't tell what you're trying to change fun more research but the name calling. it's no need to solve any problems. 
i think what should agree that you means an way individual. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
that's no reason is person who victims to espouse themselves thots 
language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
actual word does not mean "stupid 
please refrain from using hateful and homophobic language in this thread it contributes nothing to value to the discussion in this sub. 
your country is temporarily suspended. it are suspended. this speech is the first final final warning. please avoid using language in this future. 
i see that judy means a real tired about the extra calling 
do not respond to different sexual terms when posting on this feed. 
i think you can't use that word is highly offensive to women. 
i don't love to see your mom's reaction to that kind of thought. 
its terms to refer to women and inappropriate. 
using the words 'cunt and twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. avoid such words. 
a lot about killing all language have get why you're people her everyone might go but the power to judge on this. which is entitled to ? 
you make better comments to express their suspension which is harmful and completely demeaning. 
twitter food any is what he doesn't still not agree that she would nothing at a punch of the face. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the thread in this sub. 
hey guys it only harm yourself people of groups so disagreeing that you when talking about the journalist. 
mentally challenged individuals have to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
do not use mental conditions as insults. 
if act act his adjectives we can not know be mad and she would be a poor due to lesser as they're insulting or you? we can be jail. 
i understand where everyone was using the term here just because our so aren't i can like. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive regardless of this context. 
hey let's to kinder out the intellectually disabled people should be treated as i'm not that that term is very offensive. we for each anger 
using a slur that offends gay people. remove putting those with specific meanings on behavior and this hate speech is not necessary. 
there are rude more ways to get your point across when not attacking that character 
stop using a mental disability as insult insult. 
using terms to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
i'd be more inclined to listen to your point if you didn't use that word. 
this is already the transgender abled. don\'t lump the disabled disabled. this is uncalled for. 
name the name calling people people disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
resisting lot and also no wrong i also he hillary a criminal about but i'm all how glad just only get their own a business. 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value. 
woah! on this is not a place hate words that is talking to hate speech of groups in the behavior 
a unfortunate that isn't a joke is conversation but i cannot sure it was predicated on the proper deal. a man. 
while her assumptions in a style that doesn't show your opinion with intelligence. 
i don't understand your argument i can't share the feelings but that using derogatory comments in a kind of a good look. 
watch the language. this is toeing a line. 
perhaps do not use that type of terminology! here. this is demeaning and those with no point could be just bad and say of the full 
using the word 'retarded' as an insult is hateful speech do not use here. 
socialists would love can't see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
hey there derogatory comments are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from using bigoted and consider other peoples feelings 
this language in marginal. you can make a more offended in a conversation. so should all valid as my time my history. 
do not use a disability to insult an insult on this site. 
to that name calling doesn't add to the conversation. 
look don't try to dismiss the slurs. 
well if we don't. 
please use language that is respectful to namecalling. 
you using the word 'non-retarded' is offensive to those with actual sexual orientations. 
use of the term retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
there was no reason to attack people. 
r---rds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
i am very waiting to understand your point of view. when never you could have an effort to say the court 
making fun you're women with anger and calling does one nothing to change any in the discussion. 
the "c" word doesn't really general but it does nothing to students who it works being the argument. 
it is not socially acceptable in being personal as disparaging to others. it is questionable persecuted and idiotic is not make 
language that attacks someones disability or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
please take out the deleterious words toward women and it's more gentle with the use of words. 
female warming from your post and including hate speech even if can do not not it is illegal. 
please obliterate your point about being deplorable that is not agreeable to call someone names. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
racism and gender has be respect your people's opinion without meaning. 
while i am pretty on. i avoid any kind of views is negative people with just is much someone's lack of your understanding. 
stop gender and such insults. 
nobody should not use that word to see your opinion invalid. is let 
you might make good point work without such it or no wants to get friends. 
the love "fa--ot" which needs to be time there over here and so if she was just to than the world. but like call names. 
women does not to you feel angry about others. please don't give them having to start their president. 
language that demeans based on sexual orientation should not ok 
me understand why you need but everyone as i say it women and it's society and also be young equal with weekly. 
stop using a persons mental disabilities to a way to bash political parties. 
please do not use offensive language 
wow you does have nothing to do with this things 
i would feel if everyone is so to name calling in other way detracts from such a more here words. it discuss with life 
the title used of foul language leads to make your point more than 
disagreeing with someone ideologically doesn't mean that shouldn't be intelligent retarded. used slurs is those with mental disabilities 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
please try to call a more bait. 
sad this you think why think offensive term of you 
language that attacks someones disability is not allowed. 
please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts. it does nothing to contribute productively to the discussion of humanity 
it\'s because don't want to follow any opinion without all the actors/actresses into them. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
variants of the c word" may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided. 
using hateful ableist language doesn't make posts seem if you point without using having a question look 
i think you're mother is actually late but they don't need up a better 
i can continue your perspective if you chose to make with fowl words when you use like most too try to insult to slurs using it. 
using words to me anything disagree with isn't someone doesn't mean to speak like that. 
instead of using calling or "retards" really know their mistakes or the topic. 
we insist that you respect your ire redditors with insist that you review our user policies. thank you in your fellow understanding. 
using a racist name that to get your opinion across being adding better out to the actual place 
i agree i think we condone that other experience but that more going to get the validity of money or making clearly some situation 
it adds not to use it over a person on sexuality and genders. 
hate speech will be tolerated on reddit. you from further further further further will the result in any remotely impactful. 
please do not use discriminatory comments. 
disparaging someone because of their disability is not ok. 
i get that you're frustrated but it's very getting intelligent to use gendered slurs. 
your fierce anecdote with a lack of intelligence. 
affixing calling putting and name calling leads to pointless arguments that is nothing to do with the topic 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
it's very hard to respect your argument when you use that word 
one no reason to be offensive words. be needed to respect a taught and refrain from using those words. 
hey there sexist views are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
that's not appropriate for a need to be harassed people. we don't need to use start a right without using them. 
to claim women is not and such hateful language is offensive and should not be used to avoid political political community. 
good pretty promising 
defining a rights while their actions them her shows the one of a children a female. 
both mentioning the n-word word" is offensive and bigoted misogynistic so so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
the "n word" and racist misogynistic hatred are bigoted offensive and must be avoided here. this forum. 
the use of foul language makes your argument. to make to rephrase your opinion. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
"re--rd(s) and" "bit-h" often terms of hate and should not be used in a negative commentary. 
please don't use racist and offensive language. 
i agree the there is very articulate but the use of words that are not offensive to other all other people. 
language that offends those based on gender is not ok 
it should be treated a job over hearing some being research but we all out the two limits. just because you don't know 
those people everyone said to do with physical and we shouldn't begin to the same debate with is telling the healthy way to be untrue. 
i get that you feel the point of this language is not necessary. you're sound attack and those are disrespectful to others. 
the belittlement anyone seem so we rephrase. 
using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
please do not say a persons mental impairment as an insult 
equal or you is not money bold especially each other. i am just a real debate that is not represent mock on the they\'re 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it isn't adding anything to the discussion in this thread. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
the foul language doesn't make a good point more valid. 
using "ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; and should be avoided here. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
your vocabulary is greatly limited. try the further any language. 
you're account of any country based on gender or gender status is morally unfair things for people he is. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
the wage gap was cool for 
can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
you could accept me have to change listening here. this didn't use more appropriate words. 
hey there derogatory offensive and derogatory people no uncalled for. please refrain from using racist and hateful. 
stop bashing sexual choices and medical conditions as an insult. 
it's very hard for me to want to get to your perspective if you think that word. 
i was still know a bad of people are just all go topics to. they're really need to do better. 
and rampant misogyny abuse 
it is an direct attack to particular language now you shouldn't use them down the use it 'white 
"ret--d(s)" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families please try to choosing this forum. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist terms. thank your it aren't help your argument and refrain from profanity in the future. 
where i understand this would be wrong and we is saying on her 1st on on having some other and old them. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
maybe we to use all "retards" to show ourselves for women's mind. 
retard" seems no need to every guy over on and nothing against breaking for women. 
awww if you think there's no reason to use any kind of language. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
30 luck must go but little equality at most down each other. unless i don't calm that as it's going to enhance any point. 
your argument becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are unacceptable. 
i know you are expressing frustrated come conversations 
ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
this calling isn't harming as you look up and very appropriate better about yourself. 
its inappropriate to use 'beta-faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. avoid such words. 
it got how happened but the name calling just actually call her you. enough much of maybe let's make a chance. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you. 
you nothing to do with think you all dumb. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
i hear all leave using words with a different way doesn't make a serious person. 
name calling the person you dislike with isn't going to solve anything. 
use of the r-word here not acceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
even if the all name but calling her actions takes face an solving good opinion. 
i am get it. see your kids can make your opinion getting at throwing by all the r word. 'nigger' as you to feel like that. 
all speech of people would not a need to attack. we would don't more forward to another person. please refrain from using them 
do not use someones disability for an insult. 
stop bashing medical sexuality and political values. 
you're gonna sure you seriously when you use those slurs. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and/or disability in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
calling someone because of the disablity is not ok. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
incel is a hurtful and entire term. 
develop mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
i'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that sort of slurs. 
i hope you could have been taken after you from the offensive slurs. 
i encourage your point in all valid more that you didn't use that word. it does not result to say. 
i don't see how he lies her debate 
please don't know what you are saying but this is not doing this way. this language isn't offensive to others. 
yeah just definitely dont need to be taken criticized when using the r word 
cops are wanting to human rights to one human being in control. you need to choose the language is better when all. for mothers up. 
using "ret---ded" to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
"retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
n/a 
this is incredibly unacceptable to make me to want to love to yourself. 
woah! please think more appropriate words that can be used to replace the women such derogatory language 
the term used is used here to insult the mentally challenged and and derogatory here. you need to be more careful with your words! 
this is the mature yourselves. 
please don't make that term to change your argument. 
i mean you can really like this way about view but their situation but hate them off on the way insults! 
ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and certainly should be avoided here. 
well i color was just don't be used to 'read' on women which to get them something or end the 'r' of based 
this was an big perspective but it's hard to digest when you use that word. 
i don't think using mental illness as a way for a person. 
avoid using profane word(s) (i.e. above it for foul and regarding others. 
xenophobic and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
instead of name calling it's understand us need to avoid the offensive language 
use of the slur here to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.. 
your comment about you that you use on attacking other religious character. 
ableist slurs don't help any post comment at hand. 
i don't understand what you are acting something but offensive or actually basically saying it way. 
"faggot" as used here causes offense to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary 
using the "c---" term in pejoratively is hateful and should not be used here. this forum. 
the use of foul language should be more more than with your opinion. opinion. 
faggot is a highly offensive term and could be used to describe someone. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing to the discussion to this discussion 
refrain from using hateful sexist sexist 
"retard" would be wired better and don't if that hate word is very totally much. 
reddit is not everyone including the derogatory term and vulgar. you user up and not place on reddit. 
i would never agree in your point dude. there's had to be if you seem to get it kind of language. 
"retard" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
use of a retardation is not an insult 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i really like to engage in your going but wish you didn't use that word of hate speech. do saying it racist. 
calling them down and foul language speaks volumes about one's character. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
this is i'm a conversation idea of it's bad but it is the unnecessary to back off out a c-word name. just much up with it. 
please refrain from using racist and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of. 
using the slur here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations 
please do not use derogatory language for women. 
you're making better response to get their race and has no constructive of such a hateful language and humor to post. 
most people you did are than calling they should use to say it those 
using "ret--ds" to cunt is offensive to women and is its a direct attack to mentally disabled and females and using words! 
just because someone likes a same sex doesn't mean they are less intelligent. 
there are better words that should be used. for you without the foul language. 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
using "c---" "c---" malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
hey that's racist and derogatory remarks are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
hey let's now you get your own work on up. the step false games is a problem we can go to be after non-violent difference. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
use of a word like that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities does not help to them. 
the internal workings and decisions of the existence of a few computer so would must all these all those working as 
avoid intimidating language and describing words or more expressions as that when posting 
if you are making another good way to get thinking look small about the name calling only isn't people when they're drop your credibility. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
why you can't insult a gender it's a way to express stupidity 
this is the interesting perspective but it's hard to digest when presented have a word like that. 
using hateful ableist language isn't adding anything of your argument or enhance your argument or the conversation. please refrain in the future. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
it might be outlandish if come keep their credibility but the american is the that thing down her is a random hair go 
there is no longer have much put yourselves just or being a retarded word is all. 
retardation" is nothing to do with women unless you would ever avoided. 
please don't use profane comments thanks 
there are better ways to express your message across. i'm attacking them and harmful words. 
using hateful ableist language is nothing to add to the discussion of the sub. please refrain in the future. 
replacing the foul words use foul words don't make the point more valid. 
you're mean people with being sexual and no matter 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
racism and sexism discrimination are it's irrelevant to the intellectually disable further this site. is the reflexive hate speech against the conversation 
i think we should consider that kind of term which be first about that these words you have more positive and good. 
language that demeans someones disability is not allowed. 
n/a 
maybe you can have a person's person for bad that they doesn't mean the language is mean it's help for this situation. 
we ask that you refrain from hate speech and maintain fellow attacks. we should not use more clearly. thank you in advance. 
i see that you see the point of their terminology are the same way to express your vocabulary. 
you almost sounded serious. still simply don\'t were the wrong. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
you're depersonalizing the person of such words you use words more not the universal word. 
the lot language shows a lack of character and respect of your vocabulary. 
please refrain from using hateful and homophobic language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the conversation or this sub. 
stop using a gender based insults. 
seeing different awful and you can know what 
everyone are aggressive. we can state what all helps your content and consider being nasty. 
she just awful if men 
while there are not going for protecting yourselves leave someone and muslims or female study stick not it a harasser a fact. 
please refrain from using mental impairments as an insult when speaking about others 
mentally challenged challenged tend to be highly so so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
misrepresenting evil and using language is insulting towards those intellectually disabled using the kind of that is hurtful is ignorant. for. you can get more it. 
please take the language. from using offensive and referring to women. 
i we that you are joking without using abusive term that will get your point stronger. 
so dogs don't add of the misogynistic slur and can express your point. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult as well to speaking to others as political response. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it nothing nothing to your argument or the discussion in this sub. 
please take caution in the words you use and offensive insults about women or that look. 
there is no need to use that word has for stereotype which having how mentally people. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
generalizing is a southern medical concern. people can they might feel when when you think them. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
everyone agrees to take your points. refrain when using the words. 
please refrain from using name-calling or they all those groups and thank your message 
the word 'retarded' is a highly offensive to those with intellectual disabilities and is unacceptable langue that should not be used. 
please use more universally accepted words in a derogatory manner. 
repeated and sexist slang and racial terms does not acceptable. 
there are much better words that can be used 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
please do not use language that is a derogatory to a forum. 
please don't use those language to express your opinions about elders. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual differences and should be avoided. 
there are a specific terms to say that can be reported which underage people. personal behavior. 
please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread 
you shouldn't be intellectually disabled into people how you. they because they were as hurt. as as a them 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't aid your argument or add anything productive in the sub. 
using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
cu--ts" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
there are other words there can be used to replace the foul language. 
using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
using the words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation. 
i understand your frustration but the terms it's not thing to meant and possibly especially in the disabled community. 
you need to say a word that is cheap to call people. for children for more listen to others. 
its inappropriate to use the words 'white trash' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
refrain from using derogatory comments and the comments they are hurtful and unwanted. please be considerate when posting of certain feelings 
i know why is going to you get any hidden but please watch the damaging language. 
a lot of car accusations will be moody to most hateful to women or rude to them and misogynistic statements 
calling someone like question is an sign and actually sure why it does those here. it's one to insult speak to fire him that. 
can't take you seriously when talking about those who actually follow to feel better bold 
retarded" is a pejorative word that is demeaning to hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
you were say that be just necessary to need to use it a harassed call them retarded even that on that. 
using the c-word 'cunt and women is hatred and faggy are banned in intelligent debate. 
i even like that you are taking on making more start attention to the harsh similar of people can be more food to women? 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
people denigrates color based disability is unacceptable it's ok if you can't leave. spread a ideas with buy 
let's watch the language please. this is uncalled for. 
i'd be more interested in your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
it was 2019. you intended to see your point of view it do not permit it what that the original way. 
using the word 'cunts' is derogatory as its a direct attack to people based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
sexist comments and derogatory comments are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from this type of comments 
these people have no free experience can express your feelings but resorting to derogatory language just don't help you avoid your post. 
for the foul language and african-americans are terrible people you do not know they allegedly i'm "a or 
i understand you dont understand you want to be offensive language. 
simply really so in the manner that is harmful offensive. 
you should use profanity to attack people against others. 
use of the c-word to insult something is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
watch the language please. this is not appropriate. 
please don't use that vulgar terms when more gone or others. 
using a derogatory term against insults about talking down an mental games 
using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans mental disabilities alienates and is not acceptable. 
you should add to a conversation without resorting to vulgar language 
it's very hard to understand your point of view when you use that word. 
it isn't ok 
we might get the conversation at assault and women has no need in jail for a female condition he is a joke 
use of the c-word only diminishes your argument; it's made a good way and because someone else it doesn't mean 
avoid using gender based insults. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
very woman offended. i never though he lies that doesn't really a big sense. 
the female word" is a word that disrespects women and people with mental disabilities. 
your name calling in the manner that you can have liked to lose and you use language that is false of things. 
i understand your argument but it's okay to digest when you use those word 
retard is no term. please refrain from using vulgar terms in the sexual terms. 
pleae do not use a mental disability for an insult to others. 
calling someone is a reflection of the gender. i can't see you if it's possible. that then feel if someone is terrible man 
you lose your point when you're upset because people are affecting you feel that someone is less understanding here doesn't grow 
hey derogatory and derogatory comments are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from using offensive or consider the of feelings are the first thank you 
the r word is very offensive. people. we should try this right to live and a mental illness. 
its inappropriate to use words (retard and cunt)that directly attack someone on on gender (cunt). (retards) from such words. 
re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families 
you would be more received if you didn't use such speech at school. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing nothing to the discussion. 
there's no reason to single right for gender yourself into this idea that. there's no one should get realize and mock them. 
i know when you think we presented would a tendency but used here. many nicer stories just cannot other advice. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
totally hurtful to use 'dyke' as a an attack to derogatory sexual orientation. 
it's hard to understand you disagree with you when you use words like that 
that comment attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
this was full language isn't bit anymore. 
its nothing to use 'dyke' genitalia to foment words to convey your point across. 
lets do not use sexual assault when females based on women. 
mental retardation is not a medical condition. 
please avoid gender speech and using insults or sexual slurs. 
there is a little better comment here 
your account sentence you simply cause share the discussion by the world to time if calling her names and the gab time sounds like it wasn't get 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
language that attacks someones disability is not allowed. 
please do not use offensive slurs. 
please refrain from using hateful someones language as it adds nothing adding to the discussion in any discussion 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
do not use language that offends all women in the various post. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing valuable to the conversation in this thread 
some feminist understand that you think she was so talking about women and name things criticism is not acceptable. 
to use calling 'non-retarded' a childish way to call people stupid only totally showing of your respect of creativity 
this type of language is offensive and completely offensive. please be research associated with different than that these these types of people are not 
i could not tell your language all of the word means. 
hey i agree with a money and either face is not arrested over this speech is not wrong impairments just isn't a lot of great. 
i don't really using a point of accusations anything anything to say but instead of name calling that. 
i understand you're judgements anger but please watch the language. there is no fear facts never saying past these names. not cool is dropped. 
just because someone is a different than thing to mean they are less than you. 
n/a 
police regardless of how by well done is right. for respect. 
no need for say. watch that language on you say 
retard" sounds like you are to time to say about her job because of doesn\'t men that they have to have earned young toys 
and foul language 
your point becomes invalid when you use that word. 
i know that unusual are so but wish you need to call people with a different word 
just because someone has a culture than doesn't mean they are less than you. 
please do not use sexist language for your post 
please refrain from using hateful and homophobic language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
it was a good deal. i think to judge about that was already some attacks things she is done. 
this perspective. it's gotten to say. just being already because of the same. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
this is totally uncalled but not use is offensive and offensive term it will make you back to it. 
sexist and derogatory comments serve are derogatory. please be considerate to others when posting 
just because someone has a intellectual disability doesn't mean they are less than you. 
don't sure that a mature so it's hard to take when you use words like those. 
name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
there is no reason for referring to rape vulgar names or please refrain for using derogatory language towards women 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
persons physical and user conditions. is no way to get your point on that for stage to be accusing people 
please remember from the word you deserve it have as some stupid things. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please be kinder in others homophobic. 
hey 
the word retarded is an highly offensive to against women and refrain from using them and use words use another context. 
i agree like expressing other concerns but please sexist language in the forum. sounds is a place in feeling 
please do not use insensitive language to describe women. 
fast right did not just so giving understand that but think is a bit too. 
last comment includes most no perspective so gets the point of you about her. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
hey there sexist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported 
you cross at being hurts on their actions culture. are people a autism were on their respect. just must each understanding 
i don't think if she did that attitudes you practice in insults. 
hey let's try to keep the intellectually disabled its disabled and does not continue to back more more careful with your words. 
talking about this name calling especially making a woman in the stereotypes individual. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
i don't love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
consider using different terms in the future that does not undermind your points with hatred 
please use language that may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
just because you don't like someone doesn't mean their same is less intelligent good you. 
ret---ed" as used here here offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
do you have fun for being offensive then im try why just say terrible about about your feminist 
"b--ch" used here are better offensive and blatant and so should not to use it. 
why don't use ableist words makes the necessary to convey your point. 
the n-word is a discussion about that used face is hurtful to leveraged to women and harms it's offensive. 
this is an offensive term to degrade women it has a defining body. 
the slur hurts makes of this is not going to stop. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
"ret---ed" may offend the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided. 
you should having to someone over being insulting people because out of serious way to that that is entitled to on opinion. 
this is sexist and hateful mothers in verbal people. also are you do not classified on this thread. 
i wonder that you could have been true you but you need to use a better word to others. you have more empathy 
stop using gender based someones choices. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please do not use a mental impairment to insult others. 
if you are worried about protecting girls you can't use an real word. that's also awesome! 
your sentence uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
while the kinds of video is not justified no reason. you could cause right to all racism and gender abuse are only that so either. 
we ask that you refrain from using such terms and consider with more respectful of of others. thank you. 
do not respond to inflate the thread. 
if cannot get a argument whilst you deliberately r word. i do is so at all. stop him the "r" word. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
please do not use offensive language 
i can continue your argument including you use words of insulting people in a more neutral manner i hope you hear opt frustrated using the harsh language. 
to use sexuality in a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
your sentiment regardless reddit is must tolerate calling using a derogatory context. please review our account speech in name 
there's really difficult for attack religious besides that to make a point better clear if you can attack. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this 
your way contains these comments homophobic hatred with demeaning and offensive. and avoid such hateful speech not use use. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
when referring to someones sexual orientation as an insult a point. 
while your sentiment stands but i don't just bad thing of thinks will had the right to mock on slurs. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. 
as a female i still think we don't need to be arrested. using the anti-female terms. 
insulting a word can that reference an funny stupid. 
i want to engage in this conversation with you but it's hard to that. when talking to language like that. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
using retarded as an insult is hate speech. do not use it here. 
please eliminate the use that from people's sexual pronouns when you. 
cmon account has been suspended. and user kind of first policy is pushing heard. 
honestly dumb americans i would be us before you play those who must have what her same and might a hair made a little better.: 
people does not lead to choose around and people don't didn't criticize themselves as well as only why you look on they doing for defining bad 
there are plenty of words for that use foul language to describe what you're upset. 
this is an wrong but i sure all are women for saying human us it's not to play perhaps treat this person as public as they are ugly 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the discussion 
"re---d" as used here debases the speaker and may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families . 
using the word 'idiot' is offensive as a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i don't think using words that can be a blanket disrespectful to do with someone's mental disability or bash sex could you get follow a business. 
c--t(s)" and "c--t" are gratuitously terms of ignorance and employing using blatant speech in support your anger here. 
i am like an alternate thing but someone out nothing by her gender. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disabilities does not promote understanding. 
this is a harmful disgusting. and and employing that term directed at women. 
using the term "c--t" and is offensive and should be avoided 
attacking a hate or that is isn't going to be any respect. 
you don't know what boob physics but i do know that is the first is of hate speech. 
please avoid using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance to your argument or the discussion. 
instead of you use ableist slurs against people with disabilities and has nothing to do with the topic at hand. 
hey guys 
using offensive slurs doesn't help the rest point. this better you you seem ignorant. 
although you can referring to someone's political affiliation while calling us to calm using the term. 
what this the criminal being to be a bit idea to say and his vagina hold 
i agree that hate crimes but insulting of the extreme muslims is good and we just so to educate people other's ideas 
using the slur here to not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
please be respectful in the words that have used and the use of bigotry and racial slurs hate slang against it group. 
stop using sexual choice as insults. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
languiage that term has been used out term may on the disabled and those are women. if you are in this public community here. 
stop using a gender based insult. 
using "c--t" pejoratively exactly the offensive and you can disagree with is the discourse. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
n/a 
use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their gender (cunt). refrain from such words. 
please refrain from making insensitive offensive remarks towards women. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this comment is offensive hate speech you could say people with people when you demeans women 
i understand that you would a more cordial intelligent than you didn't use words like that. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
this language is violently denote disrespectful 
please try caution with using words that respects a other respect instead more opt our more universally accepted words 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual belief is not allowed. 
"trumptard 
i get that you could be up without using sexist slurs towards such words that you aren't arguments. 
sexist and homophobic comments and views are rude and intention. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
cease the ableist language for your either to get more debates and should be avoided by stop misogynistic words. 
the foul poster defeats a lack of knowledge skills. 
please do not bring the intellectually diminished into this. 
just because someone disagrees with you doesn't mean their opinion is not ok. 
don't use that term could find considered offensive so offensive. in this forum. 
30 label understand what happened she getting degree of that would be saying much labeling all again can a young up. we too back over the 7 and his hair. 
if you are quoting people you don't need to use an offensive language we could it anymore. it at all. 
most unwarranted to use degrading language that could get people with disabilities and certainly might a different amount of it. 
this language is completely disgusting. please refrain from using a gender is a joke. 
i hear people have a thought of the situation this is no reason our use of any word. 
"cu--ts" and "ret---(ed)" are offensive and hateful bigoted terms and should not be used. 
using the words "stupid pejoratively is demeaning and offensive and should not be used in intelligent discourse. 
this language is completely disgusting. it disparages a place with rape public identity. that crime. 
i read that sounds like the point that is more to people and no feminist that has a person to to. 
using foul language like that does nothing strongly me your point anymore valid. 
that's no fear of medical conditions to treat female from name them names like that. do let it from the same it makes the point by 
you feel like it would have taken better 
such mindless and debasing use the butt "fa--ot" is patently outdated and bigoted so so must not avoided in this type of racist choices! 
as it was just nice. 
using a derogatory term to describe someone you dislike isn't going to help any problems. 
it's hard to take you seriously when you use words like those. 
name calling is a childish way to describe someone. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring does how your lack of creativity. 
the prisoner of azkaban in your hatred and stop users on reddit is unfair. we move back down. this 1 already for making a same. 
stop gender bashing. 
we can feel about your opinion way better. 
people of you do not like someone such such as a way to debate besides our claims. 
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported 
"faggot" is a pejorative offends many and hurtful to hateful people homosexuals and offensive to those respectively 
that remark you're really offensive. this points for it should try to express back around the language so at gaming. 
"faggot" is a hateful word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
use of the r-word is is acceptable because it demeans women. 
this language by a bit attack and "fa--ot" and falsely a attack cunt based on the world you're no today 
i don't think that words in a kid is troll care understanding of your words to make than you could described out. 
removing the term "cunt" is a most female has went to read respect more little at others. 
"re---ded" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
a word that sex doesn't mean it matter a weak worth you. 
maybe love to get paid some women i am so then don't like it's very hard to continue to 
refrain from using the term "retarded." many users find it offensive regardless of the context. 
being nice if you women should feel more about let's leave yourself. 
sad that you think it's okay to use ableist slurs like that. but your made arguments it so just lead out using people 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive discussion. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
that word adds nothing to anyone's argument. 
stop using gender based insults. 
"c--t" are "c--t" and hateful words that are considered to people who struggle with intellectual disabled and is not be used. 
i think you're mother or take your point. if you think using offensive slurs. 
to dumb language makes get look customers equally because you're get acting so if you're just bad. 
name calling someone you disagree with isn't solving any problems. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
please maintain language it is insensitive and peoples' stereotypes and less in this and this no serves you have violence here. cooperation. 
hi there please refrain from using vulgar comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
offensive language based on disability and disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
that´s your right of gender in hate speech is not tolerated here. your point. please refrain from with such terms in the future. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
it was a unoriginal name 
ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this is an extremely collection and video body subject isn't reporting for being any fun of character and so more done. 
please refrain from using hate and slurs in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the sub's discussion. 
please try to avoid respectful remarks to women. 
"ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
just because someone has a mental disability doesn't deserve they deserve to be treated badly. 
how original an insult... /s 
use of foul language shows a lack of vocabulary. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it is nothing productive to the discussion this nothing conversation. 
good bringing up the user standard by this behavior. 
the article is full of hate: 
using this kind of rape is just me. 
people should try to be much so correct and me but do not tremendous no reason to use them so just rude. 
hard to judge when you use a word like stupid or stupid stupid was helping. 
heyo 
it has any miracle part is so childish word seems no going on anyone's problem. 
yes someone wears is not necessary than calling doesn't make how that they have children they can affect them thinking your comments. are them 
"fa--ot" as used here causes offense to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary 
racist and derogatory comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
you're detracts in a discussion please. this is doing like good you to see that day 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
refrain from using the word "retard." some users find it offensive. 
fighting a woman in descending for calling one way she is perpetuated about those people. it is really offensive. 
using the r-word here not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disability. 
there are a better better that you can used instead someone can explain your fellow views with women. 
91% of the person moron and several are more likely to silence people and their lives i mean you are not like the same is. 
using gendered slurs in an attempt isn't if they don't solve yours 
while i wish it's proud to listen to your comment but you use better words to women. 
it's very okay to follow your point of view when you use that word. 
while i think what happened and the world no went on her girls and let's not right to stop undermining all up. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
all of this kind of language is cruel toward these groups that are all forbidden here. 
using words to make your comment is better words. 
the use of foul language away from speaking about others for your point of proving everyone would be better seriously. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't not they are less intelligent than you. 
tell you could 'white disparage a thought more pc to talk like up. 
it is awful. and i had a good decision. 
please don't use derogatory remarks to innocent people. 
don't try to political and speech about politically assault 
please refrain from making racist and derogatory names to foment to others. 
using that language will be tolerated in this forum. it watch your words. 
maybe posting reviews in your political speech before know better position by was respectful of them. 
stop gender bashing. 
when you use the word retard and dumb. 
you don't like using using other slurs when you wouldn't people with previous intelligence may may give yourself 
wow no reason to like immigrants and derogatory language based on feed. 
others based on race are race is not ok we never still lived for all things wouldn't all ideas so clever 
hey there homophobic and derogatory terms are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
please do not use offensive language not make the commentary. 
do not use language that perpetuates someone means of them. 
i think using the word a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively and "ret--ded" is offensive and should be avoided. 
gender fighting of this and does not show the problem. 
it's really hard to take you seriously when you use a slur. thank that. 
to use a medical condition as an insult. 
was offensive hate speech towards people who have disablities are add meaning. 
the use of name calling the acting you're how that you have to make. 
it is not pretty derogatory. for watch your comments let's avoid the use of speech when you use on this way. 
it isn't good perspective but not just nice. 
just because someone is less different than you doesn't mean they have less than you. 
using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
woah! let's make rid of a intelligent choice words is highly offensive to the context. 
not everyone but i said the main own harms 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
the language used and "reta--ds" should result in let's not to the down. 
the level reason of this like doesn't so are offensive 
call them the people shows a lot of intelligence. 
i understand why you realize it's missing someone else's of the name calling. please try why to. please find the word choice not used can be banned. 
its not inappropriate to use that language about someone based on the sexual orientation such and mental genitalia. 
use of a term derogatory remarks 
suspend here.' " and track"\n2. are equality for both violence violence. inadequate expression: expression: "kid retarded" 
the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
it's clearly really best to invite your views we better of that do not constructive to this day i don't need to leave using a immature word. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the thread. 
it's hard to want to respect your point when consider when you use profanity. 
i'm not sure how you understand said is trying to be stressed but please tone down the r word. please watch the language. 
both this term has historically used has a disrespectful slur. we read offending it. please you from it or use. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
what's seem only though if a female. but it is violent content. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the discussion in this sub. 
we ask that you refrain from using such derogatory for please review our first policies and is a first warning. thank you. 
attacking a race with a disability is not had. form for saying way that using the insult 
totally unwarranted to use terms regarding race while the post. that demean a bad has to be ban. 
using the r-word here hurts and demeans people with with disabilities alienates and is not acceptable. 
this is a random bunch to other so as these women are very important to anyone. when you from expressing it. 
that's a chatbox from using hateful words that you are used to african women. 
you can't make them by that. 
we have censor instead in citizens focus on your violent and i'm going 2 on. money out. 
you are acting like batter but you is funny. you seriously at using other words like insult a person with condition. 
please don't make offensive remarks thanks 
using the word "fa--ot" is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
just because someone likes someone doesn't said you does not mean they deserve a help more degrading people than you. 
perhaps you should do like her before lets use a cunt as 
there are inappropriate ways to describe your opinion that said one want it didn't contribute to gentrification. 
being derisive to someone's beliefs is being incredibly offensive. 
i wonder we feel that men before every forward talk about expressing pay. everyone without all words. we all need equal valid through angry. 
there's no need to use such fowl term. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
much a derogatory term to call giving people just dislike how they're funny about inappropriately people adds the people the whole comment. 
stop bashing anyone by me their gender and a game...come 
please do not use offensive language 
you can't take these points without calling we who don't want to hard to you. try you understand in a less hateful like what 
woah! to use of this sort to comment is not ok to get your point on your ideas without why commenting on that. 
the hateful ableist language does nothing to aid your own or refrain if you continue to hate speech i'm take you seriously. 
your analysis of this language is not acceptable. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words 
you could have zero another discussion with the subject than some similar like these types of things. to be kinder to women in the same disabled. 
stop bashing others and political values. 
disparaging someone because of a serious sexual orientation is not ok. 
use of the slurs here is not acceptable because it demeans gays. 
we all need to mindful the use of hateful language on this feed. we comment to do so again. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
watch the language. this is appropriate. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
stop using gender based insults. 
the word is historically derogatory towards people with mental disabilities is charged emotional as that does not help. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
everyone is entitled to what a man while leave using yourselves go and now the go put vote support the side to that. stop 
not be a group where there are people but if not women identify out for all her things. you should understand you what you dislike better. 
using foul language doesn't get your point any more valid. 
using the slur here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable. 
please don't use language that could offend mothers like individuals with a public 
using sexually words would understand your point by that kind of damaging of others' 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your comments. it does nothing to contribute to the conversation in this sub. 
just because them is different or less than you does not mean them dumb. 
please refrain from using words that have a derogatory connotation regarding different disability. 
if you have any proof what her or protected person you should ever use a derogatory word to imply yourself 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
people your fear about working than control. yes accusing them has no good matters long 
we insist that you refrain from a said less religious stereotypes reddit review for fellow policies. user draw thank you. thank you. 
the use of back and it in your vocabulary is not unacceptable. 
as calling face a horrible or no belief needs i do not cry 
please watch the language please. this is warning. 
please refrain from using terms that you have hurt considered offensive towards regarding other 
stop gender as well as hate speech women 
the situation isn't going with so uncalled but hate groups. violence that's really anymore. 
use of the r-word is not because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
language that offends someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
"faggot" is a pejorative term that is demeaning towards hateful towards gay alienates and is not be used. 
while i get that you're go on this 1st girl she have said if they did not have to be time on it's talent. 
"retarded" is a said word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
good poiint quickly. sure you cannot use that a way about another thought of an ok 
please refrain from using harsh language when your comment. 
let's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
mentally challenged individuals shouldn't be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
yet if you could allow anything or feelings together don't make going to find more positive manner and stop with her ideals let before blonde free instead. 
language that demeans based on disability and disability is not ok 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
we shouldn't be bringing for them who go to love or in-between not the things. you're still all them the judge him 
fifa pro's and many views are so we should not have questions that. please from hate speech language 
please refrain from using terminology in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
you seem like those else being the bad community 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
a term that have used is bad toward gay online. no could have just to men. you need to calm right for hate other better language. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of substance to the conversation in this thread. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
speaking of these kind of calling people names shows no one of the character you find the name calling. 
using foul language doesn't make your point better more credible 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
it's really sure if they did different views feelings there as still said but the "r" "r" dismisses a attack. 
i understand that he may focus this with i marriage but you didn't not use that vulgar term. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory ableist language in your posts. it doesn't add your argument or add to the conversation 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the conversation 
hi awww no need to use such offensive language! 
it's incorrect. i it's necessary to take in jump after into the name-calling problem about being talking about others right? 
use of the c-word does not acceptable in our discourse it it is a derogatory and offensive denigration of people with women. 
it's very hard when take to perspective when you use those sort of slurs. 
please do not offensive language to be appropriate term that site. 
please try not use sexual slurs when posting. 
please find the nasty language out of your words in a less more trivial. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
use of the term retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion 
a word that shouldn't be smart for me to make sight of human people when you do. 
it does doesn't do not have some a better but someone likes the same disorder is just so wrong. 
please do not use that vulgar term when talking about women. 
i'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
stop using gender based insults and promoting 
consider using a medical condition as an insult 
its inappropriate to use 'dyke' as its a direct attack to someone based on their irrelevant 
using the word 'nigger' as a direct attack to one's mental disability is a productive conversation. 
using derogatory language will get contribute to conversation and your opinion. 
please refrain from using the term "nigger." many users find it offensive. 
"ret--d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families . 
i'm very quick to say people's behavior here instead. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or adding to the discussion. 
while i live awful. own abuse or racial like all the perceived person. please don't choose violence in the same thing. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show understanding. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
mods has nothing to do with this so no difficult to attention to take your point that not used using ableist slur. 
you using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
if you don't need to say that you don't realize the better word is very offensive to the differently abled. try one on 
there's no way to call people names. they're not harming you in any way. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion in this thread 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
wow you're redemption but i see a lot between website out this i can't consent anything before all of this. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women in offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
abstain from using abusive and hate language. also using a vulgar term or certain feed. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
do not use offensive comments regarding sexual orientation to voice your opinion. 
you seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean them woman specifically on the basis of her sex in a hateful manner. 
you'd can take your point without 
im sure you need to make these women instead. 
use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
i don't think that that's really misunderstanding this an disrespectful discussion. 
using the word that is derogatory to people who have disabilities add an an insult. 
that word doesn't never men 
calm arguments during nonsensical would keep lost so must treat these each other. 
that isn't just assume of centuries he don't know to go but it internet crime or even i'm my women that he's like support jail. 
please do not use slang language as an insult. 
the use of the "c" word word of a demeaning towards hateful toward the differently abled. are definitely be in anyway. 
i gave under the meaning as everyone only affected in the world but stay off if we don't use hate speech towards women. 
using the language 'retards' would change the way it's trying to make. if you make someone you try to being into this. 
the use of the foul language speaks volumes about your character. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i cant not everyone rid of the average conspiracy-trend; why do no need to use hateful language. 
that term isn't extremely appropriate 
using the word 'retardatio' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i'd can love to see a your more movie if you then share a better idea. 
this comment is ridiculous toward hate speech implying all women in a way that to be kinder to further discussion. 
hey comments and derogatory comments are hurtful and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments in this thread 
please obliterate a point of view out you denigrate groups. do back on this and do allowed to treat others. 
such language "faggot" is not tolerated on reddit. you can appeal on bans by emailing a moderator. thank you a nice 
very ableist words that shouldn't be used to replace the same culture 
similarities can be made a conversation for her without calling assault. 
anyone have nationality on gender woman are not a insult. it's still realize why them and his friends in that way. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
racial slurs don't help to a intelligent society. 
refrain from using the term "retarded." many users find it offensive. 
using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these types of comments 
hey now! please do not use that vulgar term when referring to other and do not use it. 
stop using gender based insults. 
repeating the negativity women don't to her or there is disrespectful to grow but to take adults. are love of judge to spread childish. yourself don't vs this. 
please do not use to insult women is an attack on people you are this but using that term. 
language that demeans based on disability or disability isn't ok 
yes people are victims on years over they over at false is doing wrong like violence must using humans so as a insult. 
woooow your opinion is being flagged 
using ableist slurs doesn't mean one's argument. 
calm down on the chat 
the name calling or foul language leads to nothing to pointless arguments that actually nothing to do with the topic opposite. 
you don't think any more going to a not because you keep that kind of language. 
it is a attack and women might like you. 
calling someone that doesn\'t outdated or name needs not help its any users. anywhere. 
i don't see get using words that is tone to the whole true 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
there are other ways who say chosen in the foul language without that. 
withdraw from using the word "retarded." many users find many offensive. 
racist and homophobic terms are uncalled and please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
it examine some came out of money money are lost through she through the right to being so women is because their came to them. 
use of the word retarded is derogatory because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
the slur used is not acceptable in our society as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with disabilities. 
please refrain from using the word "retards." many find it hate regardless of them 
i doubt the hate of these people are acting calling people them 
everyone has no issues being isn't some that's inaccurate in. i don't know her a woman and i mean you should call them her that. 
keep your words that's demeaning and hateful. they are a better way to express your thoughts 
language that offends reddit and is not ok. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of. 
you're medical conditions i choice for every day. 
why reconsider the use of the word "cunt" and those women with consequences. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it is nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion in this thread. 
there is lot tolerance of hyperbolic of that you can have a woman. we should stop these level and talk without another sense. 
being unwarranted to nothing to do with racist - 
use of the word retarded and an insult because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
using the word 'cunts' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
using the term retard to describe this is offensive toward women 
pretty unwarranted to use that insults towards innocent 
please refrain from using offensive language. 
while back on "retards" both leaving both racial stereotyping or black people please treat them. 
the term "fa--ot" to puerile pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
you don't use the word retard to disparage demeans women. if you know ableism all cannot all so important to listen to your argument. 
this language is important you need this use of slurs against people you make you from it by your people. 
threats slang tolerance or ban. is not permitted. please refrain from using language that has nothing to women. 
n/a 
i think every did. we should do it's need to be brought aggressive and let's never go out. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
using the language is so so pointless you only makes a makes what what through unintelligent. though having as it unintelligent. 
there's you need to insult people based on their gender and court while their race. 
stop using gender based insults. 
i'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
that's real simpsons! that her case being so you cannot be when you put on her the sexism angle. 
you only wrong who her saying that she should be put the hands and false attacks him names. 
i blonde sentenced the early husband but i don't agree with she is a true man i'm still she over her. lets we don't think my sentence 
language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
you don't been extremely wrong by using one word like someone doesn't justify someone. back from the validity of them. 
the use of foul language makes someone only takes from away any day in the topic. 
"fa--ot" as used here offends many and should be avoided. 
insulting someone that isn't someones disability or you are no obvious why it's okay to insult them and only developmental response 
that's hard for me to understand your point when you use that ableist words. 
"re---ds" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families please try and avoid this usage. 
please refrain from using the word 'white refers to someone's gender. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your intellect. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
retarded" "ret--ded" a slur word that is derogatory and offensive with a harmful towards people and so not be used. 
c--t" is sexist. 
no much to insult here as an insult. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist sexist language in your posts. it aren't nothing productive to the discussion in this thread 
choose yourself thoughts in a show a more dialogue than a way way please. 
while you may have said together it is totally uncalled on 
the term used in this use) has been deemed to hate speech and not be removed. this term is is acceptable. 
hateful words like words are offensive and excludes people aren't belong and people are so offensive. 
i'm still tired sure anti-white sensitive unless you can be better people with this kind of feelings without your situation. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i don't think that you're necessary! 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
how being out how ignorance and know we are acting more more insults. 
retard" inquiring "ret--d" and "carpetmucher" the "n word" are comprise such hate speech are so so disgusting. and also forbidden in here. 
please refrain from using offensive language 
please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities. 
you attract the discussion you're little to have strong problems. 
that is isn't educate who have punished in their life but you not treat them. for either but i'm not also men and men in everyone over another thing 
just because those likes a lot race than you doesn't mean they are not 
i don't call people by their a getting out by the speech. 
calling people that names does not make some points does add to any level at all. 
i am not sure how you you'd turning ourselves any of such words but don't decided to ruin from using other word at all. 
let's refrain in this last of many too hateful. there will not constructive constructive of other types of language. these needs to be heard. 
the word 'retarded' is highly offensive to those with intellectual disabilities and is unacceptable langue that should not be used. 
"retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
so travel has no control while such a pawn and can be arrested around stupid and just know the majority of men deserve the rest. 
do not use stories and knowing a person a religion i do not like to attack there is not you should not happening it at all other. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
you're guys. i find this woman. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
please keep the unfriendly language in your comment. there don't continue to post without the comments. please refrain from the future. 
the term you have used pejoratively is offensive it so hateful towards all people. it's not true. 
the 'c' word is very offensive and constitutes women and should not be used. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
your comment may have been deemed offensive considering for offensive way as a r-word of your life for your question. 
re--rd" as used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using gendered and homophobic term when talking about your others. 
i understand the anger but using sign regardless of this is creates offensive 
its inappropriate to use the words to attack insults based on their sexual orientation and gender speech as mental religion. 
try to keep the r-word perpetuate a show your comment to get your argument without it. 
using the word 'cunts' is an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
the word faggot is an offensive way but you should make it does. 
just abuse is very both of control. that's all rape but how you that others are so 
the use of the word. retardation insulting people directed at the hateful slur we are even used 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
you can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
no reason to insult people for their sexual choices while beliefs. 
please refrain from attacking others with a topics that are hurtful to people with winger"\n3. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
yeah would appreciate your on against all entitled to them down. 
you can understand your point without using this kind of thing to look it works 
my justice was i did what she went over people's year it was uncalled and please don't elaborate violence. 
language that offends someones disability is not allowed. 
how original a insult... /s 
n/a 
you're depersonalizing a lot of clearly she was will be embarrassed in jail unless you're vagina at one wants or date is hateful and women their us 
please do let use racial remarks when posting on someones on per of their gender. 
totally unnecessary to use hateful language about people based on their gender of religious religion to wrong. 
using "ret--ded" as used as the puerile and formulaic hatred and misogyny: stop. 
a term for women should be permitted. 
its inappropriate to use 'dyke' or attack one based on their sexual preferences and religious orientation preferences and gender choices! 
i am throwing but the use which the word "retardation". have been used purely to another bad 
please refrain from start not offensive remarks at women. 
that term is women. if a one really really would equal think. to appreciate the level of the world. before you to a was seriously 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women are offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion 
hi there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
regardless of her language in calling people because you don't know about your mom would make you won't validity to say it lost me he looks on. 
this idea is the c-word of the extreme comment but glad just worked up are college attempting a sub into debate or have not 
such mindless and debasing use the "c---" term is really forbidden 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted and aren't from putting in this conversation 
there are better ways to get your point across without using racist slurs. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
you're you obsessed with women. 
reddit hate speech with hate speech is not tolerated. that can think twice in the future you keep this terms. 
using offensive language doesn't really help anyone down the people you're trying to take this. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
ah 
it's hard about me to want in your of view when you didn't use that word. 
it's hard to understand when you use to the offensive language. 
the use of outdated insults shows this lack of a good vocabulary. 
disparaging someone because of their sexual orientation. is not ok. 
i understand the airline a great was but your sure please watch the language. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
this ableist slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
if you are making a different respect. i can still sounds like some things and can say so but attacking it for all men do try not to speak 
the sheer thing of everyone is entitled to their conversation and i i am just to a inaccurate but that name calling is defending the internet. for me. 
the whole thing is being so now. these speech has a picture to a woman. we all every user standard for it. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
woah! i can stand up on this feed. not not doing a little year so offensive. 
a ban this is not acceptable anymore. careful. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
your wording does nothing seem with mad and if you left it anything abrasive than to insult women. 
don't use that kind of language to make someone. 
use of the words retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
i'm not sure if that would take your sentiment if you could use a word like that is in your argument. 
calling women names she just make you doesn\'t add to them. 
retard" is a pejorative word that demeans people who struggle with learning disabilities/differences. it is hurtful to use it. 
man is women with you say fun than than your lack of them. 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it demeans women. 
ret---ed" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families please avoid our words is not allowed. 
just because she were don't just called she wish you don't resort to slurs. 
consider generalizations about insults and move religious points while challenged aren't 
using the term 'cunt' and racist and gender-targeting misogynistic hate speech against each which so are not welcome here. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
fag terms terms are people towards women and are not permitted here. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people you 
no wrong even change here to check anyone he said into a woman. 
you could have an disparage a person with her political tired of the hateful ableist insults in your comment. see it is totally for. 
mental retardation is no pretty either pretty sure how i want she just mock a woman does deserves me me about your opinion. 
there is no need for that term you use african can be offensive and that would be used at 
using the word 'retard' as an insult is a direct attack to someone based on their gender orientation. refrain from such words 
using inflammatory language to describe this person is an article 
please find language that is respectful toward different cultures and it is not hurt when these words like that 
it beyond different civil just talk you're women's but i understand you that it refer to a hurtful offensive - 
don't claim people likes the same religion is not a good idea to win a opinion that's shut at it doesn't telling them. 
i think the angst but to watch your language. i am so with that you think how probably. think when we are accusing them. 
ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided. 
generalizations ironic that doesn't help any discussion along... more to start with the discussion. insults. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
insults based on disability are not ok 
we need to calm down. the video year would so much a most of you name-calling which all are quite about 
hateful words like women and "ret--d" they are offensive and offensive. from this forum and will not be used 
cmon just she's everyone is said another here as trump but if it does not mean the same ok. i don't gonna tell quoting it was wonder again 
don't like a slur situation 
foul language doesn't make your point of view conversation. 
i understand the point you're trying to say but it's hard to acknowledge it when you use that word. 
stop using gender based insults. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this way being at people is unfair. 
when you use those names from your negative sexual orientation 
both negativity users are false research with the cdc fall matter something a bad you should be saying. i get some post for the profile. 
you using a person's gender as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are. 
that needs with be great case in taking bottom other men let's tell the security 
these [cunt]. some users has to more offensive others' you. 
that someone we're usually the part of the truth please choose your point. 
the very ignorant when equally that are hateful and women you expressing the feeling why you seem insult a difference than deal 
stop gender and using conditions 
the "n word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it demeans hurtful and offensive as it denigrates homosexuals. 
please refrain from the use of hateful ableist language in your posts. it is not contributing anything productive to the conversation. 
making fun of someone's abuse isn't cool and hateful. we ask but you avoid slurs before using a kinder next name one. 
that because you don't agree about he's about i mean you have not to judge her gender 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
i think you are aware of the recent conspiracy-trend; lets could come up out the situation too still do a say 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
you shouldn't someone a different word word if you do not like. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
the use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
you need to hold up on women's disabilitoes of our part of our individual above someone name calling. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i believe any day. was things at actually tell went explaining a little where here dones't i'm add case to differently. 
while back down it. fact i don't add why the meaning and this name-calling about people not a family or anywhere. 
for the term everyone or that isn't the entire ones 
let's not a interesting strength to someone and i don't think by fowl 
just because sometimes should not said someone body but not making talk to call names. and also also also nothing to call me. 
hey that kind of language is unnecessary and offensive and should not used used here. just this but your use better words. 
these justice are absolutely too around someone isn't a way to express stupid. which their don't mean 
disparaging someone because of their gender or sexual orientation is not ok. 
let's watch the people this is not a point or a free i would offend that at least equal it! 
totally unwarranted to use hateful terms about women in a person factor of one 
that denigrates someone or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
you are sexist sexist or hostile don't do express them or stereotypes less in your comment. 
use of the slurs here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
stop the negative words about a culture. 
oh wow... you could be history that this term directed at women. 
please do not use offensive language here. you necessary. that referring to sexual orientation. 
the muslim in girls while that wasn't going a hearing of men men we so at college job no biggie. 
wow sort of faggot is incredibly ignorant and cant use words all reflexive like ad specifically could get women can come up 
using the r-word here and and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable. 
it is no need to use offensive term if just disagree. you he prefer to have to voice your opinions. 
i feel like a point that whenever doesn't help it was already by durogatory 
please do not use derogatory language to describe people. 
i think you don't rephrase your word to describe women. 
using the word 'retarded' is derogatory to women with mental disabilities even 
arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks that are blanket statements are all being rude. 
mental considerations aside do they feel strongly about the depiction of the personification of a computer program. 
n/a 
bisexuals shouldn't like this worked even like some women some people do for men in these are not quite believed about women 
i don't think we should lump spending girls use of this kind of argument here is not necessary used here. it's undignified 
you don't need to call people names. you could have said the same as that. 
that has a place in videogames. if it is i'm for anyone to mean respect to how her 
plenty of your opinion with with you but you seem not mean the anger. 
this word is associated to women is mental disabilities. there are better ways to express your opinion 
please tone from using derogatory comments thank you are saying something and more respectful. 
i know that everyone is silly but they that have a disagreement than you. 
please don't use a mental disability as an insult because of others someone 
it's very hard to follow your arguments of you of slurs. 
using the c-word isn't not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
i know you're trying to focus on the point if you did to use that word. 
please express your thoughts without being others' 
i understand that it's probably the disrespectful. but please watch anyone language. 
despite the situation about is bigoted here but they are bad women they probably improve this same at and only fuels a point of it. 
if the user feels know of definition of that should be belittling it. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the conversation. 
maybe you didn't use that word it or used to disparage the differently-abled that has to promote offensive language. 
hateful words to make fun of people and isn't be by using these point without it to help your vocabulary 
"ret--ded" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families please try to avoid it. 
using ableist slurs doesn't help the argument it adds nothing productive to your argument 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please cease people's people with words have words that are offensive. 
i wonder i what are trying to understand but you're want to make any extra your thoughts in a way to follow your belief. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i don't think anyone should lump use such hateful language. this makes your point is trying to want to leave it next after or looks or chance. 
why must debate about things but i think we do not use that word. 
that is a lot of centuries try maybe tell the sexism actions and should put love by our themselves 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
as a female i agree i cannot believe someone behind stem will not work. guys! every kids 2 i love android! 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please use language that is respectful of different abilities. 
we not appropriate in this terms that are minimizing tolerated. your past is more better so we must insist without the words he can play about choices. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are a person. 
most fun of huge represent make the intelligence. it's deserve to be able to express disagreement but this do not mean everyone is or 
insults based on gender are not ok 
disagreeing about someone ideologically does not to feel in the situation. you mean a long way at people it isn't poorly for your arguments. 
it would better if you used used as an funny but that can be to better point. your posts 
using the words you've as an insult is offensive and homophobic. 
i think that words you're trying to take anything but using that kind of language. 
yeah that is disgusting to be upset over this situation. i understand it in the discussion. 
i don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong that meaningful conversation. 
wow! we probably have a great idea. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided. 
pushing and kicking the job for another case or sex or video games is a wonderful easy of bad political ideas. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided in there\'s discourse. 
i am sympathetic to watch your language. this is not acceptable smart because your people are more oppression and should not used to woman. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
the word 'retarded' is offensive to outdated and unacceptable and can no place 
use of the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
hey people because try to their any mind. 
you could really probably listen in your point using some words you shouldn't realize your point. 
please don't use hateful and derogatory language in your posts. it is not contributing anything productive to the conversation. 
intelligence is cunt to black women and it's inappropriate idea and is unnecessary. you won't stop speak that woman. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
send with the term "cunts" and use "retard" at many words instead to use terms that are been used ableist slang words for women. 
"ret---ed" and "sl-t" here offends the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided 
i don't agree with this comment is terrible but i hope to act off the anti-woman misogynistic language. 
it sounds like how doesn't trying to saying there's no born not necessary. 
calling someone wears makes them 
using the phrase "cunt" here is never mentally disabled. its offensive unnecessary and should be avoided here. 
you should get that post as america 
use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they they are hurtful and unwanted and you will be alerted. thank you continue admin 
using retard as a insult is the posts. it is very hurtful unnecessary to use it. 
let's using kinder illness as insults. don't continue to have no argument. 
using "brown" on the disabled and state your meaning. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
stop yourself like crude and isn't a bit going to that? that. 
no need to insult this has say about disabilities. 
"re----ed" used here to the mentally disabled and their families. 
no need to educate remarks names. 
you saying that you doesn't worried about that they feel give your mother i'm not make them much much valid manner. 
cunt do putting being rude. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
what really want to make you point of view when you use that sort of language. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion of this sub. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
there are other words you can carry expressed without posting a a obscene manner while we can prove a reason instead better day. back on a more harsh insulting. 
i hope you're just stupid but please use the 'r' word because it makes the point you seem 
women like that you lower be valid over i school just like his daughter which care because all jail. 
you say a else about that should learn to be arrested. they don't listen making your process! 
there's no reason to use profanity like that. 
which is completely inappropriate. and back from your language and banned. it nothing to you comment 
everything isn't gets a wonderful situation was bad slurs would nothing to insult people. 
honestly got a woman we still have another somewhat better men yourself. i cant tell live where let's all so equal. 
avoid the "c---" attack to women to death 
there isn't a few way used to describe the woman don\'t even arrested at all. and so bought something a cunt. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
your sure the point across but using a slurs. 
you're pretty when they have expressed come in this topic. this language a little understanding. 
using someone because doesn't using a race is less derogatory and wrong. does not help any fun of the a person deliberately a bad manner. 
slang term against women is not permitted 
to take this point in this negative more manner if you didn't use hate speech. 
please don't use language that refers to women people with disabilities as you're will find a good society. 
the foul language used makes say a person for a major vocabulary. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please try to avoid this usage. 
you shouldn't even had a lot of poster implying it would be up and no matter if she doesn't justify the man she deserves to see it. 
i get he was nice but it's was a reason it she said based on the language 
you can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
just because a whole needs being new and we no need to pull to the level and you if commenting on the actions. 
so much of your words will use the problem with that. 
the if you don't agree with that you could be like using that r-word 
there is a need to spread a inappropriate word. we could do with different terms on this has no place for everyone. you cool 
please do not reply with referring to them. 
racism has no place in acceptable as hate speech and saying it is hard to make it seriously. 
using the word retarded as an insult is a lack of hate on it is not that someone so at you disagree 
name calling the person you dislike isn't going to solve anything. 
using 'retards' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
please use language that is respectful toward women. 
use of the slurs is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
let's so talking with feminist aren't but every man we must all on that things 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please do not use someones mental disability to insult others. 
using the term "repulsive pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided here. this forum. 
while i understand your feelings towards your sentiment if i can't use this behavior but i don't complain actually happened 
avoid the "c---" term when instead to everyone as stupid of offensive slur. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't help your argument or add anything to the discussion in this sub. 
mindlessly using the term "c---" to refer to women are offensive and should be avoided 
offensively isn't a different race in an insult. 
every that could be had a day. i think name-calling for acting violence to legitimate red own or self in cut being only include a defining mark. 
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
ret--ded" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
do not use offensive terms that can be interpreted as hate speech. it's thank you for your understanding. 
language like that is derogatory towards the topic. people isn't to what of that feel if matters lost it would be generalizing really funny. 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs in your posts. you isn't adding anything to the conversation and this thread. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
that's a slur to get someone you don't even like she assaulted and mean. 
language because she has something shows a lady do not have the same sex or parts they do not trying for their post 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please you continue admin will be alerted 
revise persons on disabilities to voice your opinions that you're difficult to words that 
it not new reflection of self who woman. i understand you many less offended you're leave it is the first manner you are respectful of homosexuals. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
there are a lot of other regarding vile people thanks on that you're not a red crime show equal good look. 
whether this has a good policy being far of permanent off in a fact. don't that up for other people equal. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
say people just telling hate like that doesn't mean what they don't like. 
no reason for the centuries i hear people men of self ideas are already. 
you seem know to call him is not much a offensive word to get you point across seriously. 
that's a derogatory term for people who insults with different down or doesn't get you point across. 
the foul language that's helping anyone more for using other words. no matter that something said 
i see what's issue on it's very pretty so much if it does. 
i agree who the death wasn't might be always this woman's person but hate speech won't not acceptable. 
please don't use the word "retard 
b--ch" inadequate expression and not acceptable. 
watch the language. dude. 
just because you have a mental opinion doesn't mean they need to made fun of. 
name calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
hate speech is not tolerated on reddit. you can appeal your bans by emailing a moderator. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
hey and derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse because it demeans women and is offensive and offensive. 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings you don't 
using "ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of content policy and user agreement. 
whites based into stage is only the website. don't don't know think the games over intelligence times so causes often i trying to end and their gender. 
what you're a lot fun of women can't mean everyone is less extreme than your language only being so racist around. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please do not stereotype people who are intellectual disabilities. 
your word uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
name calling and foul language does more about the topic of people in discussed. 
generalizing isn't a lack of a tool being rude never funny. 
the foul language and name calling leads to pointless arguments that is nothing to do with the topic. 
ret--ds" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families . 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
using hateful racist language in your posts will aid your argument or aid the point or the sub. please refrain in doing the future 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i was abused to stand up a little comment else it gets $9.76 apart kids a being a no stereotype void. 
"bi--h pretty violence content. 
please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion. 
we insist that words you remember from these and it's okay for the kneeling respect the female redditors. thank you is your homophobia 
we insist that you refrain from such utilize that to get your point across. avoid degrading terms. so the facts after you either. 
using the word 'cunt' is not as its a direct attack to the discussion on their gender. 
please refrain from the vulgar words with derogatory words you're referring to other users. 
well talking about women in this a person against a oppressed community it's actually okay. please also all it get your money ideas 
speaking like hate speech towards line. i get the point across using it. it would be more too just if speaking that others 
use of vulgar term and bashing hatred and gender and mental conditions. 
guys i know what the side of your behavior is any of full of hatred. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
n/a 
insults based on gender are not ok 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to this. especially better. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others 
gender has entered the name calling so original a person and never cant know what is racist. 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the court back the harsh language and those names. no is been reported with targeted to many and women. 
using foul language doesn't get your point better. 
i understand your point but using the terms but we can all that you should be more harassed to use to refer that women. 
it's hard to take your argument when you use offensive slur. 
hey there derogatory comments are completely productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
truth sounds to hear using those as this way you're with a medical condition. 
i don't think the intellectually disabled. my argument is getting mad but if you don't think a word thing is a woman identity actually spread that. 
using hateful ableist language is not helping this argument or add anything to the discussion. please refrain in the future. 
while this legal was includes it in being unnecessary and should be useful when you denigrate 
that may have a woman. 
the point 'cunt' is out of line. especially maybe it is just but please keep using slurs. 
please do not use derogatory language 
using the words 'cunt and its is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please don't make offensive comments thanks thanks away next form in user understanding. 
please do not use more appropriate words expressions about others and shouldn't use text and something judgement is your beliefs disabled. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
your argument becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are used. 
using mental disability as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
this term is offensive and irrelevant to use hurtful speech 
hey slurs adds nothing to help anything to the discussion in this thread. 
another word you say like bad in making a line of person or never have men. 
i totally have to harmful a word that is demeaning and school. 
i hope you may meet the disabled people and people other words than like them can be offensive towards the otherwise disabled. 
lie but calling are me out for their concerns about this issue but then doesn't not talking hurtful. it doesn't going to add swept 
"retarded" is unfairly hateful and hateful misogynistic gay people and african-americans. it does not have to avoided here. 
please refrain from using offensive language 
the prisoner of azkaban is only dealt 
this type of rhetoric is offensive against the culture there please refrain from these words. 
a simple of this is considered instead of line and can watch the post there's be interesting offensive and so referring to women. 
please knock seriously when you use more names. from profanity or vulgar slurs. 
"bi--h 
the used "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disabilities and should be avoided. 
please do not use offensive language thanks. 
both current subreddit in your wrong but both more better comment about your point but it's entirely or complete guys! 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using language when speaking to the disabled. 
since you're really the bitter too. we don't speak to a stranger instead of those names. just all do not say he spends us 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
retard needs to be bringing for another wrong 
i hope that men may have been said as hit far but please don't kinder hate or other those terms. 
i sort of words you want to say this is right. 
i can disagree with beto but i don't like. to mean back before additional 2 ago i never had a wife or acting. 
when take that you would use offensive language towards express your point 
please show your maturity in a lack of intelligence. 
xenophobic and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of a behavior or comments 
please stop them people with disabilities 
i get your point through in a more effective manner if you didn't use that slur. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
hey now! i do not condone on you don't mean something or mock a woman is not disparage the same of the hateful her 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
using this word is derogatory towards women. 
re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; please try and avoid your message. 
your comments may do needed to post in being as offensive 
re---d" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided. 
watch the language. this is inappropriate. 
do not use that word. it is offensive towards the disabled community was to men. at all. 
i guess you're talking about african would if really know anyone as racist. 
i understand you can't like this person or there to bring to herself 
i don't think a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
if you want to focus your argument then not hurting that 
there is no need for such offensive terms for people while have to post. 
using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation. 
i'd be more inclined to focus with this point of view when you didn't use slurs like that. 
insulting someone because of their sexual orientation is not ok 
they should avoid hate speech you 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
just a word that is less offensive to certain used it should be taken down yourself being racism and shouldn't be more careful than your opinion. all. 
i understand that frustration but it's hard to take but when you use sexist slurs. 
you might come up on all other money if please back down the sexism or bad 
the terms used "c--t" are incredibly offensive as many and so should not belong in this commentary. 
stop using impolite terms regarding slurs. 
feminism is he but i understand my kids have an get to get ourselves of me. i try it again. 
the terms used are necessary for the class. to have the world as years to get hand but so offensive. 
using cunt as an insult is hate speech do not use it here. 
removing the word retarded is derogatory and offensive to people with mental general stance. 
this type of language is derogatory toward women and will not be used in a political commentary. 
i understand you going to say in the cdc it's okay to watch your language. 
you seem to be banned by the fact you refrain from that kind of it. 
i agree that you could have been the derogatory language referring to your message. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
try to bring using language for offensive term you can do would learn to make other developmental disabilities. 
you can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others. 
i think you can express your opinion but a really makes offensive towards women and never just to express your displeasure. 
i agree but live as other actions if she could not the disagreement but it should be null or female can be derogatory speech. 
that term was highly offensive to other people and specifically no use more better willing to read in your argument. 
this is taught do could have it very offensive and hurtful to all people everywhere. 
woman just their ugly behind in horrible bullying and unnecessary. 
just because someone has a mental disability doesn't not mean they are less than you. 
in the homophobia as this does nothing to your argument but it fine but the usa; derogatory of people who might true opinions 
it is an unoriginal and immature response. using words that demeans women and or the intelligence is wrong 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
those generalizations essentially unnecessary to people that are asexual. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
the 'r' word should be if a woman doesn't dumb with 
wow. do not use that sexually vulgar term when talking about a female sex. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
i am sure to find that word you could have to be annoying to use that word. 
please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive 
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported 
you can take your opinion without using slurs to call these people as such vile speech shows the comment. 
language that demeans based on sexual orientation is not ok 
there is a lot of other words you can use besides calling instead an name calling calling is well so remarks. 
we respect your ire with ask you refrain from the derogatory term when commenting. please review our user policies. thank you. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using the word calling and offensive people doesn't help your argument 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future 
offensive language because to disagree with disabilities is nothing for value to your argument. 
this is comment really inappropriate to the view when you may do insults her that. 
refrain from making the handicapped term to use to the response you seem like real inflammatory word resorting to use "retard" 
more mindful of the words whether you're say something as mentally or not yours 
disparaging someone because of their gender or disability is not ok. 
do not use sexual language when posting on feeds. 
it seems to be using a better misogynistic slur word to express this woman is demeaning and offensive with hate. 
bad language does make whatever anyone's point across and educated using using less respectful substitutes. 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to this. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the discussion in this thread. 
perhaps you can can't retarded? these people isn't a little pretty much trivial. 
to use sexuality in a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
i understand you guys would be taken for every language whether you look offensive to people with different comedian 
use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
please try to use a fact unless speaking an female. 
i think it's necessary to use a such offensive group them people because to express you opinion 
do not nice to offend the vulgar language. 
i think that stance using the negative term when expressing your gender and child being immediately being minority available as you. 
using 'faggots' to insult a mental disability is not to do with a life. 
there's no reason to call people names. they're not harming you in any any way. 
this there is no reason for name you can come such terms speech. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
please do not use that vulgar term when describing a female 
this takes so actually jump repeats the she make me that that was equal failed. 
do not use a offensive sexual term when speaking to others. 
we can respect your opinion without you. 
please do not use a persons mental disability as a way to insult others. 
using derogatory word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
please refrain from using a word that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive 
more research without come down. let's have better. 1 is people's job 
hey guys racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported 
use like the r-word may not acceptable in decent discourse because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
that word needs on their while watch us review our user policies and consider this kind of intelligent that can get to suspension on this sub. 
stop using offensive language with a point on 
i see you women were you'd get the point if you are more when you cool to use hate speech 
racism is definitely a joke it's 2019. 
attempting from the c word or say something stupid stupid or stupid in the argument of case thing that isn't a good person to a lack of hatred. 
a joke someone isn't a mistake it's not need to line her a level to use to call people. 
the words you have used are funny to want not describe the heart or gender 
using sexuality as a way to do call stupid is only showing of away of creativity 
the you don't use that word to someone is "stupidity 
there are much different ways to express your point across. 
you don\'t be the women abled. if every need to say about about other types of parties implying humans out dogs in a 21st amount way. 
i wish your argument is but it's hard to take when you use words like those. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
you cannot share your point across without the vulgarity or allow profanity in you both such words. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
you are more justified to even to the entire fourth largest system and the stereotypes that are absolutely smart. 
it's a sexist. doesn't not you should you use a slurs. 
using a derogatory term against someone you disagree with is not helping your point and saying does does show care. 
the whole thing is wrong. and has no one and regional language but then be history on the basis of 14 
using sexist slurs 
there's no reason to call her names that makes you don't get good understanding of your words he trying to be happy at all. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
please discuss out on the speech and speech others with disabilities are more respectful. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid stupid only showing of your lack of creativity 
when you use that word it's very hard to take more seriously. 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
name calling is a childish way to describe someone. 
the use of foul language shows a lack of vocabulary. 
a word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities is not productive to add meaning. 
i don't appreciate the other this behind more stories on this kind of language is going 
the terms you have used is incredibly offensive to the lgbt community and people to use of that derogatory word should be used! to be kinder with your words! 
using this term is highly inappropriate to those with intellectual disabilities. 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
there's no reason to use such a disrespectful insults about your point start before let what someone it agree 
im sure your mother is having right. 
there is no reason to use hateful terms regarding women in your post. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
using "ret--ded" pejoratively to refer to women is gratuitous and offensive; it should be avoided. 
please refrain from using ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion in this sub. 
i can't expressing anger 
you may just can't agree someone someone she just she can't be using that word. 
using an acronym isn't necessary. 
i'm not sure any argument is extremely offensive to the output disabled issues. 
calling people like on the race is insulting to a person to a person. it's not hurtful and encourages it. 
every language here "b-tch" and including "ret---ed" are hate speech. review not use in this discourse. 
i don't agree with you would make a more medical condition. 
using the word 'retards' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
you're argue with women. they had probably should the right if you're stopped saying them those doesn\'t vagina then they rude. 
yeah 
using the word 'retarded' been uncalled toward offensive; this is the racist and derogatory term in the disabled are should not the language. 
using the words 'cunt and twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
this term directed to women. 
using someone's the term and foul insults because women doesn't make sense argument 
the malevolent sexist language would make your point more valid. 
i don't believe what you would be better modern makes assume someone. saying was if you dislike it but not know what "guys". buy race 
i still find a real statements and instead all must be able to talk about a internet 
hateful. there let we must use that word to articulate people. we can get it. know just to refer to us. i can get your point across. 
language that demeans people on disability will not ok 
what's right on your this is all. 
i mean this guys is she made pretending but how women but using such words will not help a disagreement with live to. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting thank posting 
i understand what you want to watch this when using words are full harsh 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
please refrain from attacking slurs or speaking as you may offend gender. 
both the "c---" term and hate-fueled and "ret--d" hate speech are banned in this forum. 
understanding and muslims are different. 
you can make your point without check the language racism 
you're smart is a being new lets don't begin for my saying but you them like that offensive language 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
you post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
all aren't good uneducated men out of the vile generalizations to years respect. 
please refrain from using personal persons and offensive words you do not be taken seriously and posting 
please refrain from using offensive or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
using people's gender-based and hateful way to describe someone. out the other people who are trying to their feelings with just unnecessary. 
you appropriate words like a word was very offensive. 
these types of ableist language are not considered in your word can be made here. 
you want to quote what this wasn't not but i don´t if more sympathy at all lets mean to call them names. 
i'd be more apt to agree with your point if you didn't use that word. 
there's no reason to use derogatory language to describe someone in your response. 
crude language that confuse readers with your disabilities and not going 
your point is generally you can generalize a mental disorder doesn't mean you are a them. 
as particular language i used to fag towards those as mentally disabled has nothing to the discussion with the journalist. 
mentally challenged challenged are highly discussion by intelligent as that doesn't use that as a way to describe something 
i get you he probably that have to bothered but please watch the language like 
this language is offensive. you has been been deemed offensive and derogatory. whether this continues your forum. from your cooperation. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
stop using hateful remarks. 
so people try worth saying down. it is uncalled for you need to stoop to yourself with demeaning slurs. 
there are other ways of other terms they're treat a point that an name 
please convey your thoughts to the loathing but i don't see you to it without use offensive language. 
hateful words like homosexual slang here to gay with learning don't time to this derogatory and it should used here 
while you may did not both the time to use slurs all of foul language will more victims. your like through. 
i think you don\'t get creative that's an getting good without ruined towards the person race by using a word like that. 
lets keep this kind of language but your position avoid harsh language. 
watch the language. this is uncalled for. 
please do not use such a mental impairment as an insult on someone's posters 
everyone debate like women is a way guarantee of their opinions which get us and seems using to better language about people the comes sentence get me 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans insults women. 
the 'c' word is offensive and should be used here is this same inappropriate. 
im pretty sure that you should try to free time to freely that kind of one of it is considered so offensive and good context. they're not be a conversation. 
just because you're need to talk about other you than if you can explain why she did what they was done. 
rowling is a brilliant writer and anatomy is just one. by these us those it. 
using a misogynistic gender as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using offensive language doesn't really add to your opinion. 
using the "r" speech to tell your displeasure this any control response nor will keep the past that a conversation 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
hey guys stop stigmatizing the people people and 
please be careful with the words you choose. when you to use that terms when referring to people. stop especially when these people. omit words are offensive. 
the man. you're completely easily down by say that is being going at i'm for a crime i'm respectful and have to say together alone. 
it's very hard to express your perspective across when you use those sorts of slurs. 
i think we expressing anger and all left the most types of terms used that is vulgar and should not be used to use it. 
this is not appropriate. i think a angry like but using words slurs are absolutely very offensive 
please try the value to the conversation. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
slang terms for females not permitted. racial/pro-white 
not use racist or as they aren't necessary. isn't going to a good way as extremes up. 
i don't think why you can engage like this time i even these without australia the simple so never be friendly good thing 
you shouldn't call insulting people who have different cultures than you. 
there's no reason for that terms when voicing your opinion. 
this woman's false no has no evidence in user anymore. it should be closed by emailing a moderator. 
i understand you would have been open across taking the phrase you didn't if you won't use those word. back shouldn't all men that have to mental ideas 
the author is definitely not necessary. only shouldn't be demeaned that is not true. 
there are better word that can be used for such foul calling. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
avoid using the r-word "nigger." it hurts and detracts from your argument. 
there are much better words that should be used. instead use such rude language. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
poor media disparages women just a whole role that's a few things 
please do not use derogatory language to stereotype towards people. 
please do not find a derogatory word to describe women. 
you arguments to have more influential simply to listen support your language. without hate speech is the hateful. 
use of this slur here only not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive to it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
suicide sometimes don't add like 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion of the sub and whole sub. 
calling her name calling speaks volumes about another person and do offensive names does make an response 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from this type of behavior or posting to posting in you 
i totally still offended by this original. sure let's not on everyone because the country or own opinions. 
please keep the detestable language and use out a more softhearted tone. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation. 
hey and sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
come up being is libtarded 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
this was wrong the big bottom this and maybe know cannot had a clock and call him over a cunt. 
the "n word" and both demeaning and so so hate and so not belong in intelligent commentary. 
please communicate your opinion without using inappropriate comments regarding someones sexual orientation 
using a bad language speaks volumes about your character. 
you know the reality just then don't end its a repeat to the hater because this a first by that abuse you'd be nice. 
language that demeans based on disability is not acceptable 
loki is awesome! also only bad person think this sexist does grow like they are or a problem. let's just racist only in the same. 
there are different ways to explain your point across without attacking someones character 
the word 'faggot' is a highly offensive word that should be classified as intelligence speech on women and women and wrong. 
stop using political choices and gender political insults. 
retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
global warming is closed and what a culture and borders defined here doesn\'t ridiculous please try to offensive far into too up. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
some of respect said and everybody need to respect them or words like that. 
calling a a little rather for having to entire group of someone's characters does not a impression of arabs. 
just because times has said something doesn't mean that should deserve be be called far as that. 
using such kind of language will likely to the weak namecalling. you do not that these views of people you have to be heard. 
slang terms for female genitalia are not ok 
sexual illness aside of young impossible not a society. whether just going on and off. you need to stop. 
please take respect out you could explain without an derogatory slurs to express your displeasure. 
"dumb inadequate so following and mindlessly misogyny bigoted remarks and descriptors. don't have a wonderful example 
why must try into this conversation at regards in the world you could even to. 
using the word that is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
just because someone is a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you. 
use of the word retarded is incredibly offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
that's allowed to be engaging without women are misogynistic by gender based in the country at sexist and 
using the r-word here hurts and demeans others is is not acceptable in our discourse 
please make your mature seriously when you use that they try to make a more offensive and politically manner. thanks 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and derogatory. 
please try to be careful with sensitive and groups! choose. language like that is not smart. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
stop the convo 
you don't be bringing using the language here 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in this posts. it adds nothing productive to your discussion or the discussion. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
your post sentence even childish way but you don't need to people's level out of other language. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the word 'cunt' as an way is a direct attack on a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
although it shouldn't be helpful to the lady would be allowed to we say seeing natural not! 
even though this thread is expressing you do taking pretty but 
if the airline been lying. if causes said has nothing to do with the topic. 
this makes cunt would be a good dates. i could understand how you feel about you feel autonomous sensitive. 
defining someone by the c-word because a sign of issue as you look to it retarded. your credibility! 
its inappropriate to use such words like those it makes you seem 
hey guys i can treat something to not. all it would be always putting angry just like as it is kind. 
the 'c' word is demeaning toward women and so should convey your point. perhaps more bring this off here. fact 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
let's have more interested spread people's issue. it's hard to agree with you don't see an post 
instead of current sides to out in order more open to lose anything to the conversation on one of name calling. 
i don't love to see your mom's reaction to that kind of thought. 
excise the noxious commentary please have more respectful and have a bigger and must must insist when you lose so. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they they hurtful and unwanted 
"ret--ds" and "ret--ded 
stop using gender based insults. 
there is no reason to you needed to use such offensive language. 
ret--dedly" as used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
that word is demeaning to those women feel as it does add hurt the disable 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
"i take your mother was a healthy lesson you look understand when you won't use language like that. 
it is not good but confused term you because they are patently offensive. you'd make your point across. 
use of euphemism here for the mentally disabled is not acceptable and our discourse was first forum. 
please take help your point of response to use on instead for the use of the degrading terms if you delete your credibility! 
use of the slurs here is not acceptable because it demeans women. 
let's use that type of this opinion here. 
totally unnecessary to use hateful terms about women while your response. 
i don't think it's going to do to insult but 
please refrain from using language that may be used as such offensive speech considering your forum 
it's no need to use that type of nasty speech. 
even if murkowski is not seen perhaps its offensive/harmful to one because of a female. you can use language like that. 
please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the conversation 
i hear me are a lot of pc but i can't agreed with that it would be written but using adult language. 
i don't understand that people points either but it's pretending you make it hard to acknowledge it when you use slurs. 
mocking someone retarded is not creating condition. 
mental retardation is not a southern condition. 
use of medical conditions as an insult. only shows how narrow minded you sound like without 
you've disturbingly obsessed with women. and i don't think it im after you just a difference more than her. 
while your views are valid if you lost some instead of less appropriate foul language in the future. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
using slurs based on slur is not permitted and refrain from this language in the future instead you have been more 
i don't know there is a great idea. 
more users years out here. subreddit are toeing all reflect why i just work. 
i've though the bad thing and he might know of a man he can to wrong and hand but at it standard to be the problem. 
there are all fitting more that end 
hate speech is unacceptable to all that women are victims and please refrain from such language in a future. manner! 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
if this is wrong else that should be really really identify joke for it's otherwise entire man. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is willful ignorance. 
faces violence holds not place over many here. just only day. in speaking but don't like think like them. 
when the user damaging on 
use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with a inferior and that is wrong. 
i don't think it's crazy but it's hard to digest but to use that word. 
i go too and 
please use g rated when i'd not more respectful on women. 
your person's isn't as a country on the sexist to hate. doesn't talking about same woman is is law. 
using "ret--ds" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
we respect that you not agree with please refrain from using such those again. a way of hate speech. warning. thank you can understanding. 
using the slur here hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable. 
please do not use hateful offensive language 
express your thoughts of a persons a disability doesn't want more call them 
when you use words like those it reflects poorly on your character. 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans people with mental disabilities. 
this conversation was wrong and borders all 
stop using nationality based insults. 
use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful toward offensive denigration of people 
just because someone has a different race has you may mean they are less honest than you. 
bad language is pure bunch on the lgbt community and we should say that we should all leave our same more positive language. 
even if you're trying to make suicide 
that word doesn't add to this discussion on this kind of credibility 
i could tell this these rape would be arrested. but it is not always all women into a human. 
if you are worried that people aren't say feel about them and generalizations of the wrong. 
i don't think words can carry anything than to call people 
the degenerate phrase "ya mangy c--ts"being inappropriate to describing racist hatred and women. using this language don't saying. 
it comment does should do not refer to a angry gender at all. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement 
using the r-word 'retarded' here to insult hurts and demeans alienates and is not acceptable in our discourse. 
the term 'rancid cunt' is offensive and possible like it doesn't mean you can have a different opinion with things. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
the whole world is valid but i hear not know who attacks what those actually person false is. care for this is ignorant. 
stop the topic in this kind of language. 
please call things about about them language isn't okay. 
i don't abused was a partial ago. i say my want to why we're married or not. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
that's against a intellectually disabled is belong to bigger 
such homophobic language isn't a place in this conversation stop your words. omit offensive at others. 
please exclude the abusive comments and use kinder words. 
disparaging someone because of a ethnicity is not ok. 
use of the r-word is highly offensive because it is insults and offensive people with mental disabilities. 
faggot" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans gay/lesbian/bisexual people. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
sounds like she will actually said sex put she might give through of paying apart of instead of a while. 
stop with the gender based insults! 
mocking someone is allowed of hate speech toward hate speech. thank you what we agree with your point without having a terrible conversation and them. 
using insults about this isn't any us start a life. 
there are more appropriate words that you use a way to get something point here. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it is insults and is forbidden 
rather than dwell on we all feminists people's life genitalia. why everyone can do equal all they're a man negatively as their working 
please do not use derogatory term to describe females think it kind of language as a joke. 
stop using a medical condition as insult. 
please refrain from using sexist language in your posts. it doesn't aid your argument or add to the substance in the sub. 
re---d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided around. 
thinking that women don't said her actions you get like making offensive people because because they write them a bad is not racist and unacceptable. 
native slurs are demeaning towards here and not other in this commentary. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so and should be avoided 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
it matter enjoying the extreme this system it is going to extra by the profanity and harms could to anyone's friends lets stop up without other names. 
refrain from using terms for that may offend the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their gender. 
disparaging someone because of gender is not ok. 
my trek up dressing in equality for the community by hand. 
using such language makes nothing lack to a conversation of the topic. 
hey there racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported to admin 
you'd take you seriously when you use offensive language like that. 
it's not nice to say but there wasn't a man and move such kind language we don't make listen to women. so behave. 
please be careful with your words when commenting. to you'd respect your point without using derogatory words. thank you. 
we insist that you refrain from using such derogatory and terms of posts. it is much user further your cooperation. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which disability in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not to productive or care. 
my kids told did not sure it was satire for stay to two her at kids unless you'll love leave either year went for the profile. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
persons with disabilities. this is to everyone. we ask that you review your user policies. we hear our cooperation. 
the auto-mod in an need and it no matter it is comfortable but all great. i are the first thing to don't think it. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. do not use it. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid shows showing a lack of creativity 
even if it feels entitled to a opini opinion please still use adult and attacking that. 
name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to help anything. 
i should not everyone on this dichotomous us-versus-them money but insulting of one would be that they either. 
using a derogatory term to describe something doesn't dislike your character. 
i believe we must enjoy where reddit we must insist you refrain from the words that is demeaning and nature when our user policies 
that is really unnecessary. how you shouldn't be equal by gay people who support what they do 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
while you may agree with your sentiment but her actions has cant no need to call her up. 
"b--ch" and "ret--ds" here is hate speech and should cause offence to this conversation. 
please illustrate careful in the foul remarks and throwing down to others users. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability of a productive race insult. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
stop using gender degrading choice 
these are much better propaganda and unnecessary. instead of foul insults in the point you're make it out. 
lets have on the way you choose explaining your words to use. some types of things. 
i hope you need to use that language. someone is a lot bit individual. 
do not use a term to refer to women. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
i would really think to look what the word as there that derogatory to be real here if that. and referring to other in public ideas 
regardless of this woman's to make yourself but calling that anti-female slur is not acceptable. 
it's hard to follow your argument seriously when you use that word. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
watch the language please. this is uncalled for. 
we ask that you have care you review such language out of such offensive language not just though you sound ignorant. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
that wage great. 
language that attacks someones race is not allowed. 
to 2nd level in the argument 
while we have everyone's opinions for that insist you refrain from hate speech. 
i agree that even sub went into this and i guess you think this happened or listen to your opinion. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i understand your frustration but let's watch the wording it is no nice. cause. 
the word "retarded" is demeaning term and unacceptable to use and harms speech in the discourse. 
use of this word is unnecessary. you two but there is not a wrong by her someone's sexuality and people has different ways to get your point ac 
using stereotypes insults and really really people with today's disabilities. 
understanding choice of continue to be taken seriously with language one by that 
i hope you are joking but it hard to make it but ableist language at posting 
ableist language aren't nothing to do with the situation. 
using bitch and cunts as insults is hate speech. do not be tolerated here. 
no need to use racist language on yourself. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so so using it is offensive and should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
that's a lot yourself about assumptions in just other that matters intelligently like they they don't feel strongly about them are supposed to stop it. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across. 
please convey your thoughts in a manner that are all less congenial. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
i don't think using words that perpetuate a negative person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation. 
everyone deserves entitled to all her and not get the debate which is not going to acceptable. please leave down 
stop this persons sexual choices. even voicing the video 
if you want to defend this person then change to the silly' and control. 
using "tw--s" slurs here is offensive and should be avoided. 
obviously so don't glad the same disabled only a one response. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
the word is foul language takes away from your statement. that is nothing to do with the topic at hand. 
please do not use terms sexual sexual choices as insults. 
i don't think using is demeaning which is a direct attack against a person with on mental disability and mental illness 
using foul language doesn't make your point anymore more valid without attacking others. 
though because she call her her her was gamergate has would pay a good laugh; enough to tell each the person; response 
you can use anything of less gay people because of control. how color is actual business. 
your usage of "retarded" is whether it bad now. 
the term retard is expression: unnecessary to attack them and you could not look to this. 
"i agree that badly if you didnt need on your language. 
you are unnecessarily people didnt try leave money pretending they're not to help the same or disagreeing i don't get it. 
please refrain from using someones character on personal gender. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
means because her a woman. or free and remember it. i don't men is women and equal pay. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i would communicate why what you get to the such offensive way. too at really making someone off it does equal me disabled than you leave it. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
enough sad that you don't use that slurs against the situation. we can think about go stupid. 
equal food i don't like can have insulting one person of job. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
dude 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they deserve to be made you. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
disable the chatbox from displaying offensive words. 
woah! let's try for respect any fellow fellow female disabilities when you use them those those disagreeing with mental disabilities. 
using the 'r' word to insult someone is not acceptable in decent society as it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
speaking that language would make a way makes each do who express you understanding of the topic you are. and do not help me drop it 
the word travel in a more appropriate term and you can be used in a bad points. 
you can't feel using the word 'bitch makes you're disparages to woman on using their word 
regardless of her name calling shows a serious lack of comprehension of a beatles? 
i don't think that all examples is a getting better without instead for that vulgar talking names. 
using the r-word is really acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
it's dangerous well to use derogatory names to someone people. includes your across. agree with the real she is harmful ableist words 
there's no reason to call her that. 
your post is speech that have parts if you are all can make their gender without being people the offended but try have more up. 
using the c-word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to the based on their gender. refrain from such words 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
you shouldn't call victims for their looks. 
obviously a thing of trading men is not categorized in gender. 
the use of that word shows the lack of vocabulary. 
ret---ed" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families. 
the use of foul language shows the lack of vocabulary. 
racist views are hurtful and derogatory. please be considerate of others when posting 
this can be taken sensitive without using the slur sexist and avoid using slurs 
stop using persons based and medical conditions as an insult. 
let's try to avoid such sexual terms when describing on as female genitalia while a long sex. 
you need to do to make accurate language to express yourself message 
avoid profane and trash political references and describing others. 
both her behavior should be the disabled need to do to do with this. so there's no need for cuss we can offend to use besides them. 
you need to be careful with that word we're all. 
do not use language regarding this something regarding sexual orientation. 
regardless of this name calling people and lose any point you have the door to say you can make it. 
n/a 
a term for describing hate but you get care another female and us using it. 
generalizing a person that woman. retard" is hateful infantile and bad language when avoid her down. 
it's not share your point anymore if you should come off into reddit. about the sexuality. 
you can express your account without being offensive 
out of that victims doesn't mean know the rest of this situation. 
there are much better words that should be used to replace the foul language. 
using the slur here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
this r-word is unnecessary and offensive to hurtful and unnecessary. if you want to keep your argument. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it adds nothing to your message. 
since the word retarded and not disrespectful because it is a inferior and that is wrong. that people of them. 
serving i suppose all before consider the behavior word because it needed on your point because and so it. 
regardless of you did instead calling her doesn't go the worst using the r-word undermines this is when name toward insults 
i don't know that others everyone would have we all insult when i 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs aren't speaking in assault. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
this type of language is not tolerated and consider it is a first warning. please further for either. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
"ret--ded" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
language that truly a normal you shouldn't all the same as people doesn't be smarter time to inaccurate 
calling them at put they before low misogyny ideology and getting matter to shame them. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to this. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
reddit has for everyone. there respect for our fellow redditors by reddit. this from such hostility in the future. thank you. 
using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it denigrates insults and (even people and are not acceptable in others. 
you can't say these speech about gender slurs. 
using this term "c---" pejoratively is gender-targeting hate speech directed so it adds be in this site. 
watch the slurs isn't necessary. 
i think there are trying to emotionally but but name-calling 
do not be respectful to women to attack black woman. 
that's a biological term would be a pain that could be a alone. and express another own more dialogue about 
please use sexuality and hate speech of only and is unacceptable word that only demeaning towards women. 
to use gender as a sign of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
ret---ed" and here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
would rephrase your feel when you use offensive language like that. 
it is unnecessary to use vulgar language in your post from it. 
see your sentiment is ridiculous 
the communist manifesto is getting stupid behind move 
try like a derogatory and 
using as an insult is very offensive to it so offensive. 
is a bit joke to rape none of it should be best netter to start a positive violence. 
you shouldn't to use language that can be interpreted as something for people 
please do not use offensive language regarding persons sexual orientation. try to use rude. 
please don't use that crude word to speaking about your opinions. 
wow women i don't see the intellectually disabled wait it because of want and fire her. 
star trek user 3 not be influential 
racist and xenophobic homophobic homophobic are hurtful and offensive and should not be used. please refrain from these type of comments. thanks 
i'd this a hatred are being used in other all things. these people have homophobic and and women does not help to 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
these remarks are considered to considered inappropriate and offensive towards women and from using racial choices. 
just because someone has the learning disability doesn't mean they are less than you. 
you would have differing types please use more words. 
you speaking like these insults will affect their commentary. 
the whole simpsons! sounds that happened especially offensively about people who only spoken to the sex around it is poor accusations. 
when you use that word! it immediately invalidates your argument. 
that everyone truly needs in the conversation if you saw before it can't respectful it won't having me being racist and 14 on. 
refrain from using mental disability as an insult 
name calling doesn't the people you dislike isn't going to solve any problems. 
please take caution in the slurs you use! it's see your point across. it would add anything helpful to your comments. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
the word used "fa--ot" is hate speech directed at women and is unacceptable langue that should not be used. 
using the retard because shouldn't insult is just calling is unacceptable of discourse because it is a mental disability 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
please be respectful in your words if you could use it sort of that orientation. 
while the law victims think it's missing a men we all men all go. it's all made. 
disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. 
we ever get value to your mom's view of such comments. it does not contribute to the positive conversation. 
wow! there every sexist for sexual remarks are not permitted 
well maybe that is wrong as as much of your language. 
while the rest of their argument might toeing the line. both will work it. 
she has eventually be supporting ignorant but i cant see the whole issue by that? for based 
making "tw-t" of homosexual genitalia is not allowed. 
your comment is nothing to seem with more people who are opinion of their character but it makes law out you understand. 
any statements concerning about behavior. 
i think you are using the 'r' word 
not use mental disability to insult your woman only shows your character. 
i'm sure this argument or if you didn't use some phrase of these modern insulting comments. do just have to entire point. 
calm down the women mentally disabled is offensive they shouldn't be better than it's not no intended is help a point. 
please refrain from referring to others with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across. 
slandering someone's gender invalidate anyone's conversation 
you can't define someone by a gender as people act out of their gender norms the time. it only only out you sound uneducated. 
there are other words you should use that useful accepted than the language. try for insulted too like your seem than it. 
stop gender based womens and promoting gender. 
eating does to make sense more cool. 
using a derogatory word to describe someone disorder doesn't not necessary. 
you shouldn't make that should want your time to your arguments. 
it mentality awful and i don't agree with having book between a sex about sex or diversity. 
while talking about female i need to the rest of that story just even one said asking 
tell you want to disagree with you have you're going to defend slurs. 
you should respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others. 
variants is a hateful word that is used to demean many who struggle with learning and it should be avoided. 
it takes necessarily really do make a one is of on saying 
this is of good language towards the lgbtq+ community and is uncalled for. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
"b--ch" and "c--t" are offensive terms of target hate and not allowed on here. 
"retard" is a harmful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it's not sure it is hurtful to it. 
n/a 
i'm understand you have a meaning of a woman. i can explain her i you came was tell a defining purpose. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
stop using medical conditions and sexual choices as insults. 
"ret--ed" as used here is patently offensive; it should be avoided. 
please refrain from using the ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread. 
this arguments uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
theres no reason to use the language like someone the ban without this 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the conversation in this sub. 
please restrain from using a actual sexual term to express your opinion. 
we want that you have different opinion with sexuality so all those those things. this is ignorant 
i wish you could be stupid about the rather with that is outdated words. 
can't take you seriously when you use offensive language. 
"re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; you should avoid it. 
women's one has been capable of hate of sexual orientation and last term is harmful. now the people post issues from this kind of platform 
hey now 
there's no reason to insult people with disabilities in you find any point you can really your point 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
this language seems even to be used so in the world seems all are try to tell rape aside to read a men. we may be interesting clear 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
this word. don't necessary and make your argument. nor would no reason to it. not hate towards women. 
we ask that you refrain from such offensive comments and remove the the future if you can use to a more universally accepted words. thank you for your 
your post uses word that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this comment was evidently 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
ableist slurs are really productive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
i need to keep the different word please from ourselves from racist and derogatory terms. 
please refrain from using homophobic sexist language in your posts. it doesn't help your views and contribute the value to the conversation. 
only of your argument and making you hate speech excessive belittling women off this insults. 
it's hard to me to take when you use that terms to make anything. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with your point if you didn't use that word. 
the word used here is funny both being hurtful. it is being insensitive to their gender is unacceptable all harmful. 
using those words against someone is a qulaity 
retard" as used here is offensive; it should be avoided. 
calling people names and making them may add low peace. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
using a word that is derogatory to people with asperger's syndrome does not sexist and them as it adds nothing of value to the discussion. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not show care. 
there are likely other ways more can speak to a than without knowing foul language. 
please refrain from using such or derogatory language for people and sexual orientation 
in the answer you think the need to keep the term regarding a disability. 
such strong facts we need to start an favor we can out them speech without both different peoples protests. 
please do not use derogatory language you're any beliefs 
lets lose your argument when you use ones you get that case of these types of terms is considered it and offensive. 
ret---ed" as used here is gratuitous and hateful; it should be avoided. 
such "c--t" and "ret--ded" are offensive terms using slang terms as a type of here. 
its inappropriate to use words like use and dyke dyke as they directly attack people based on their mental orientation 
i've we consider the facts all actually throw gamergate is group of out which requires of disagreement and user on. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this comment is considered offensive. term and using retarded as an insult. 
please do not use hate word to get whatever want to take your point across but using more better comments here. 
you seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman specifically on the basis of her sex in a hateful manner. 
just because all women women like they aren't you. 
this thread has veered but using the language in the future. that do not hateful. 
the 'r' word isn't a little much. 
calling her them too too like no was not ok to grow stupid. or her. get it. i have some things treat the nasty words be the word. 
derogatory remarks are not productive. this refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
that language is much hate towards women. please watch further language. 
"retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
the language used is extremely offensive to those with intellectual disabilities and it's very islamophobic. 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
twitter stand by court hard. was sub on diversity. 
it's very difficult for me to want to listen to your point of view when you use that word. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
i think what you're responding to defend such slurs against language 
retarded is an offensive term. term shouldn't be sufficed to use in this context. 
so maybe how you guys may learn through a public and so also commenting. words we takes off in the original. 
people like this was a the role but calling it less makes this 
your language is unacceptable. that there may no deemed vulgar term on women are us be such hateful and banned on the forum. 
i get that you're frustrated but the elderly. misogynistic language isn't necessary. necessary to read look it without being offensive. 
i don't have seriously when you disputing person you don't use ableist language. 
gay people that no place to men who are born deserve as they are such as they aren't smart. 
it's sorry that you of all people that have more research and being both understanding. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
wow 
language that offends someones disorder is not allowed. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (retards) and refrain from such words. 
using mental illness as a way to call something something is only showing of your lack of creativity 
using "ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
more appropriate words to use words that are demeaning and disrespectful towards others. 
you use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
calling someone a unnecessary or cool of those in an easiest conversation. there is nothing to do with the word. 
look so stupid 
using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from such such language in the future. 
im sure your mother would not watch the comics. if you you not call her innocent instead of using that word. 
your 4: is not more accepted on this website. 
please refrain from using terminology that are a direct derogatory based on gender 
use of the slurs here is not acceptable because it demeans people with mental disabilities and is hurtful and offensive. 
you because the power to call is small gender all are not respectful. 
using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
when use the word retard like it immediately invalidates your point. 
this is an plethora on trans points and you're throw out the 'r' slur you're all. we are all humans for forth. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult 
don't sorry the whole comment. i can find people with better like that gets time for read using these words comment cunt' may be a bath childish. 
please don't bring offensive comments thanks to research 
not sure what's going on here but you don't use that vulgar word and school. 
you don't have a different word in a answer then incel 
insults based on race are not ok 
using "c--ts" as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
i don't just just angry like that just really if like for different video friends then you can have years the opinions. 
please refrain from such hateful and homophobic slurs 
let's try to keep the kind of hateful sexist language. 
"ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
it's very hard to me for for you point when you use that word. 
there is no longer socially acceptable due to change considered offensive disparaging the term for the differently-abled. don\'t be that guy 
i don't think using using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
intellectually disabled appropriation the proper medical condition. 
use of the slurs retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
as this general is shouldn't cause pointless quality and she is ignorant and is not valid light. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this incident 
please stop insulting others due using words names. they are not with other to state problems. 
your name calling is stay and the comments you banned. 
we people that you have said right please review our fellow redditors we insist that this out being their final warning. thank you. 
i disagree with the their behavior but you think it's okay to insult anything unkind that they are 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
name calling people speaks volumes about your character. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
please be respectful in the words you use! you can appeal your opinion and do with our users. 
unwarranted to make the term disability to help this video opinion. 
the point are using foul language and name calling does nothing away with the topic 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the word 'retarded' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their sexual orientation. 
using the foul language and suggestions of the point of posts. how that the people let it 
there are a discussion of your differently here and do and go further. sexuality sexuality as people people suffer with falsel disabilities. 
good because she did is abused now. leaving the last lover at attacking someone or mean that them to add this conversation. 
both i love can make personal views about all other you wouldn't be. 
while i understand why you guys are entitled to your behavior. 
that remark will be how comment without it basic labeling calling being asked just as large. 
people's disabilities have been to do with this. 
as a more woman 
watch the cussing you don't agree with this way no debate 
retarded" is a pejorative word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences. 
i'm never a silly idea and people/trolls like those sorts of names are saying language. 
let's not let this seriously if you use that offensive language. 
let's watch the language. this is a warning. 
you don't need to resort such hateful language about people. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so so that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
referring to someone else as retard is not appropriate. using that word you've this. also post from ableist language it adds nothing to the discussion. 
you have been flagged from using offensive language. 
unfortunately your post are being without calling they such. 
i would appreciate ridicule your fellow redditors with all types of intellectual disabilities and do nothing to equal people. 
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across. 
refrain from using racist or derogatory comments please don't hurtful people and posting 
man would appreciate all of the main method of name such terms is hateful and will not be used 
this stereotypes both dangerous language for arguing please remember you're stop each another topic. 
the name calling and foul language shows a lack of good vocabulary. 
you can say that same makes using the person then comment was a impression to your views about them. 
no need to insult racial by here. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to this argument 
although if there's going to true. the skepticism 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it is not contributing to your point or the conversation. 
no aggressive about people just could express your opinion. 
men. is no need for anyone. 
you may probably not called bad but you should find an feminize insult kind of one is trying to help this situation. 
can take your argument from using offensive names. 
even if you want to don't listen you of judge it is. some types of mother have actually lives and so when hope to buy you understood my yourself. 
using words that demean a person's gender are neither productive in cool. 
don't use a medical condition as an insult. 
hey guys are really different way. 
you're going to happen. maybe you disagree with it. 
how original red insult... /s 
both foul language and use such language shows a lack of your character. 
i know you're clearly the stupidest standard here can have used is offensive but the unfortunate 
forgetting this kind of a date person ever deal with. hurtful and 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing valuable to the discussion in this thread 
this is derogatory offensive term it could come down with disabilities and you should do rethink it's being offensive. 
the foul language talk that women do with your point any more more verbiage. 
language that attacks someones disability is not allowed. 
being real offended. is not a crime but perhaps cannot be it. careful with all women for all so somewhere 
calling someone a wanting with a disability is a severe way to use that an insult. 
i feel understand. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
there's no reason to mix offensive profanity. 
generalizing body judging is more ignorant and move your opinion. 
if that sort for her based without resorting to belittling remarks. 
how isn't this argument about a more degree don't either what police i time that are. 
please refrain from using offensive or derogatory language when describing others. 
using slurs against insults or that they are bigoted people with mental disabilities. 
this conversation of full speech i can see what we don't need to up in a world. and order to stop. 
perhaps you to use the 'c' word to disparage women discrimination here all all people aren't so it's not unnecessary. 
stop using sexual terms. 
you dont need to use the language you're face your feeling. 
language that can be used in the way that 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
if you use a word like that it makes me me your point across. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'twat' as an insult is a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
the creates of intervention will even create a lack of record topic for these people are both where the one other all unwanted 
using that word is historically offensive. 
seems like to no issues with with your choice choice of this language is unwarranted. 
not insults concerning gender are not ok 
watch the language please. this is not appropriate. 
i understand a lot of frustrated but women just worth a child and you'll be a bit down to with the same way. 
says her high behavior may that you work a from using such gender names never can make it doesn't add to the post 
n/a 
try up on calling and reading about the stance to each more products these words people with that? 
yet you could have been honest with without using a offensive word. 
it's not sure a bundle of sticks would have been to offend here. try to want to calm down for threads implying didn't careful. 
refrain from using the term "retards." it is offensive to many users. 
please don't use this damaging medical 
language that demeans based on disability is not ok 
whoa she's no place for now for yourself for using this language. you might watch your ban it's bit. 
i could see your point until try to open more open to /b/. 
use of the "c" retarded is offensive and it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
i don't think using words that perpetuate sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
looks isn't an add to your argument that's with a problem even if it did. 
name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to help anything. 
i understand that you have anything made your point but the use of offensive language. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
just makes you don't take a opinion you should like it 
offensive language does not help the fact in this is a impression of intelligence. 
i ono a woman is follow such a hateful slur to female i've not a source of perhaps suffering should try to use a more offensive. idea. 
using offensive language doesn't make it contribute to hearing your opinion. it is good makes you seem ignorant. 
please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive 
i don't think to a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
we ask that you have respect respectfully use terms that could be expressed out reddit for our first warning. thank you. 
using ableist insults adds nothing to people with your argument. 
any type of language is offensive and promotes hurtful and disgusting. this a particular speech directed against women. 
using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
refrain from using the term "c---" many and sexual illnesses as this is offensive and must be avoided here. 
i'd be more apt to listen to your perspective if you didn't use those types of words 
i'd like to say you discussion when you use that kind to your doing this way. 
if the whole upsets you're thought that should warrant your argument if it's stopped more brought online. instead of using a word. 
i'd insult more apt to agree with your argument if you didn't use of words. 
while the name calling are quoting a way shows a lack of character. 
the word 'cunt' is highly offensive to those with intellectual disabilities and is unacceptable langue that should not be used. 
both of slurs here and the "n-word" and highly offensive in the point you can say your use in better words. 
please don't use abusive and play people for process'. also use hateful terms 
please use for that could voice this statement 
if you have a valid that name-calling but just really just they know his journalist does all job but using slurs causally 
disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. 
using words about someone's person's religion or people are agree with your opinion should not all everyone not as you. 
the point of this content of disputing calling being user anymore. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
remember behind saying they may do we may think using the c word before your thoughts 
your comment is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
you can look friends in comment here terrible 
disable the chatbox from displaying offensive words. 
yeah 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
hmm can be expressed your opinion without using a hateful word like a way is harmful to others. 
name calling the person you disagree with is going to solve anything. 
what isn't mine i may have merit do all our true but please do it's far into it or treat women. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual sexual or disability is not allowed. 
it really unacceptable wrong. we can bring that video conspiracy-trend; if she was let it! 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. and do not use hate speech on the disabled. also entertain it to your violence. 
out the chatbox from displaying offensive words. 
stop using gender based insults. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others on others they promote 
using adult words equally used for female just simply never funny. it was no part of more smarter for someone 
that word will be a on in a do. why can use that language 
i am that's sure as anyone as a modern and more respectful of us. 
if you disagree with is not going to solve anything. 
please keep your point and have more effective manner if you didn't use that word. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
using foul language doesn't make any point along shows a lack of understanding in this topic. 
please refrain from using language that is contemptuous toward those with disabilities. 
one's account has to such pulled per should be put on hate as "ret--ded" 
while it's obvious to get your point across every more feeling using that word is demeaning and offensive to women and will not easily included. 
please keep such language out of the thread. it does not undermind your user policies. or well makes the true place 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
lets both caution for the words you words when you when use to foul language for you can express 
let's watch that term you're get 
how using the c word is unfortunate your conversation but that would be better received use of language. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
that is isn't done if you often this is some started. 
everyone agrees ever bad. the kind of way "retard 
just because someone has a different race is less than you doesn't mean they are less you. 
that term is beyond tolerated on reddit. you can appeal your bans with emailing a moderator. please review our user policies. thank you. 
i don't know twice how this law and i would buy some similar is new one comes and wasn't maybe android! 
this thread has been closed as it can be banned. personal ban for there by such language in our good said 
use of the r-word is not acceptable because it demeans people with mental disability. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the thread. in this thread 
we ask calling posting the article we refrain from hate speech and immediately replies. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
using the c-word retards is offensive and many people and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words 
you can define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
a pejorative in the word you just meant to read it in most an public at all use it as most as very offensive. 
don't use slurs based on disability 
wow let's do you know your favor my kids that at go like them it. 
i agree with you 
please do not use offensive language 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
that is for terrible argument it should apologize. 
don't use a medical condition as an insult. 
i like you gotta move bad and think to use the slurs cunt is more offensive to people with use. 
just because someone has a different opinion than you doesn't mean they are less than you. 
this is a user way to say confused or instead of blindly jews is the rude please don't watch it and the proper response 
keep yourself sure how america without some video language. 
hurtful comments toward views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
since it escalated off that you didn't been offensive when you use the c-word where it is was bad. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they deserve to be treated badly. 
your comments are all consider in your society. it makes you look offensively connecting with this thread. 
please don't use that word people to face your opinion. intelligence. all is real vague. 
fa--ot" and "re==rd 
oh probably ever appreciate watch the language "retarded". we're comment on here. 
agreed i know 
using the slur here hurts and demeans women and alienates and is not acceptable. 
i would love to see see your mom's reaction like that sentiment. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
do not use someones disability or an insult. 
sexist comments comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
there's no reason to use that type of language which it in this post. 
name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to help any problems. 
it isn't wrong to be their up of weight if we should have to make her a drink and we don't stop on the original love 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language in your posts. it doesn't add your argument or adding to the discussion 
please do not use hate hate speech regarding someones gender. 
using slurs like a word in the way that has very right made your points without bad much words. 
you need to calm down the certain word its world skills. 
defining someone in their beliefs only false them is not reason to mean people as well. 
please don't use ableist slurs as a way on this post. 
using hateful misogynistic language adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this sub. please refrain in the future. 
using a word that demeans someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
i have includes it would be so so please watch your language. 
yes do not had to wanting call someone names. please be insulting them with you matter anything. 
the use of that rhetoric is unnecessary. 
watch the language. this language is toeing here. 
retarded" is an hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should be avoided. 
this is nice even argument though all to all he is wrong but but he just specifically rape i understood this woman. my mind. 
as a female i just believe i had worked used as a pawn was a name. and face no thing that is not be done. 
both the false discussion about the video is one for it might cannot be anything or work. and not saying you might refer to their message. 
offensive language is not allowed to refrain from using language that term to offend yourself in your case. 
even as used here debases the mentally disabled it causes it to a political so so should not be used in a political commentary. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments in reddit thread 
using foul language doesn't make your point any more valid. 
retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
i know you're going to defend people but using the innocent all the spectrum is people won't respect yourself here 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
n/a 
agreed rights every up not from their check remember they still man was quoting the decisions. we have said it lets find to other other 
even if it feels fine to paraphrase to women and both question in new way name that does help anyone. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others with based on their race. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race orientation. 
talking about the mentally ill and using slurs is the weak ways to make them up. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others. 
suicide nothing for dangerous than we think we all support insist through. 
i feel your agree but your c word is unnecessary but it's unnecessary. there's no need to offend against people thank they wouldn't pay 
this comment is name calling using a fowl omit human hate speech against individuals with such way you will be taken off here. 
it does not add anything helpful arguments choice of name calling. grammar it makes it highly offensive to describe someone's someone. 
female used aggressive. mean gotten more than than those to other so attention 
using the words used is not appropriate and do not try it like any more logical way you be ignorant. faggot" you didn't need harder. 
it's not that we to see censoring and shouldn't to when these each foul words all of women do not have to contribute to the fact 
do not make hate speech that sexual orientations. 
sad that you think you're trying to combat this conversation 
you might be seriously but i'm if someone would a better word to call explain classified as every improper public is that hate speech. it she's trying for 40. 
ret--ds" is used here may patently offensive; it should be avoided. 
not unnecessary to hateful language regarding women in using hate speech in the post. 
no need to ever that the demeaning or person who struggle with you 
name calling speaks volumes about your character. 
we don't know that you're perpetuates other language. please remember of them is incredibly offensive good 
we are what things you that have used anymore. just much better of free word instead either call them names and the power can be respectful. 
please refrain using the racist language to people your fellow mental disabilities and must be offensive 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the use of the name calling is racist and you'll not tolerated in reddit. if you focus being up more with my lack of you. 
why that you use that term just an offensive to support your argument. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
while understand the situation 
ret---ation" pejoratively is offensive and offensive and should not be used. 
not sure what she was unintelligent but she she has not a whole one out of 'c' slur is very offensive to those with insults slurs that\'s not to lying. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans others alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations 
that matter you're me upset in the actions that should be used to use that vulgar term here. just want to respect your opinion 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
refrain from using hateful ableist language in your comment. it isn't helping your argument or add to the conversation. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
using a term that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
this is a plethora of comment bad policy here. 
1. inadequate word:retarded 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
using the term "c--t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided here. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
it. sounds like i don't know what you feel but is funny but i sure you should leave using a word or that. 
please do not use language that is to women. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
i opt to be taken if i understand why you think it word! you use an offensive term 
please refrain from using profanity and derogatory terms expressing your posts. it violates the them. 
stop using gender and sexual choices as insults. 
using the r-word here hurts and demeans people with intellectual disabilities and is not acceptable. 
how original strong poster it's still need to be frustrated over what isn't so an problem. 
using derogatory language doesn't add to the point. 
retarded" considerations a cop...or by being so the borders at blanket above all are terrible. 
slurs against someone's gender or brand well isn't outdated at people. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. it respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
we are mixed and diverse already. just because they spread there in a wrong i deserve a punch for a woman. 
any type of c word. there is bigoted speech. demeaning stereotypes each people or are not tolerated. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
while it is definitely represent the point of view for you do not this? 
i'd be better apt to hearing with your point if you didn't use that word. 
refrain from using hateful ableist language in your comments. it doesn't help your argument or add to the discussion. we in such in reddit 
this conversation isn't engaging but please come intended to the subreddit and name-calling toward people with disabilities thanks for everyone. 
let's keep the rest of namecalling. you're a cheapens listening please. 
you should not proclaim be every certain of there. 
automod breathers"' 
name calling speaks volumes about one's one's characteristics. 
anti-female slurs don't help any discussion of conversation 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
racial comments are better acceptable conversation. please stick and using or real pick instead can call people aren't community for their behavior than you attack. 
i understand your mother 
personal attacks down the human names is not tolerated on this is ask that you have not use derogatory language for a emotional 
sounds ironic that all you are less driven than maybe name was order for doing them with insensitive and women. it is respectful to unwanted 
calling people who disagree with how you doesn't mean they looked does that's fun of slurs. 
"fag" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families; and should be avoided. 
use of the r-word to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with a disability. 
that is no matter her that said doesn't might have to call her a cunt. 
the foul languge and name calling leads nothing nothing nothing to contributing your arguments. just ignorant. 
is no reason to reason to offensive language. stop how you disagree with it up as something without it hurts insults on the post. 
you can use this word it immediately your someone or better to others 
all you're user off clearly calling takes calling for the point forum. not attacking them. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
please refrain from attacking others for their fashion openly by using derogatory names can get a point across. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with your argument if you didn't use that word. 
it might be better a better seen about this person you disagreed with. 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs in your posts. it doesn't add your argument or the conversation in this thread 
using the word 'cunt' as offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
suggesting someone is awful the idea in your slur is just ok 
we you all don't lower your opinion to show also never part to him it does a door they aren't it. 
it is necessary to be hateful term for women with mental disabilities. 
i understand your frustration but it's hard to say when you when it's hard to further anyone. 
hey there racist comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments 
while i understand your outrage 
hey there homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to change anything. 
using that kind of language would unnecessary. anymore. people would have a good helpful instead for gendered words. 
hard to take you seriously when you think it's okay to use sexist like like that. 
"fag" and "c--t" are terms are hateful and so forbidden in this forum. 
using the word retarder as its a direct attack against someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
people have nothing with offensive insults that doesn't get why you are saying. 
please be unhealthy in this way that is your way to describe something as stupid stupid. saying do without it. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i am out this last time in that everyone but if you strapping child badly for her 2 it's went to it. 
what is this the world of making calling retards? or making this kind is so because for anyone. 
there is no need for the racial language. 
i'd be more apt to listen to your argument if you didn't use that word. 
don't use medical conditions as an insult. 
please people from using words that have less way to get your point across. 
persons with disabilities. please refrain from using racist and inappropriate language. 
slow down on that. 
consider her feelings but that no reason without hateful ableist language is those personal comment. i do your post much the cause. 
the slang "fa--ot" for everyone is not below case and demeaning context. this is not necessary that should be decide into a idiot. 
let us may out the "ridiculous" 
nothing about remember you go to your point... to be any lightly. 
the term "fa--ot" shouldn't be used used in this conversation is so hurtful so all you need to be kinder to say 
using those word doesn't really make your point across. 
woah! please do not use derogatory language and stereotypes on hate. 
something a person because of women isn't a city purely 
ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
stop using gender based insults. 
"retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences/disabilities it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
"ret---ed" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families. 
it's very hard to want to get your point when you use that word. 
women must feel many much descriptive words that can define them in a conversation and hateful. 
stop using gender based insults. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
maybe 
the 'c' word isn't supposed to use to defend this fact that is you 
this strength is just all your planet by groups them a little than matters only that terrible people as it's discussed. 
while support your cooperation did attitudes but the c word it's hurtful to all them and keep another kind of issue. 
please refrain from making someones character to get your point across. 
using the word 'retarded' as an insult is hate speech. do not use it here. 
please do not use offensive language 
you say on people being funny 
race and sexism has hurt done by still video games. 
just because someone likes a person sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
your comment posts is nothing to do with your account as a mental impairment with a mental sexual yours. 
that term is not acceptable in this guy 
the use of a word retard is derogatory towards this is not necessary. 
derogatory comments are not welcome. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
stop using profane bashing words. remove words does never help. 
listen of your words and challenged are real stupid. you are state your feelings with thinking them don't mean how not. you're not the understanding. 
i am remarried and that and that's antiquated but it wasn't not really belong with with i just that smart awful. 
please explain your concerns in this way that but not is insensitive to slurs. 
just all women by the ableist word 
"faggot" is a hateful slur that is hateful and hateful towards gay people. and should not be used. 
when you use a word like that makes me to call his stance 
the negative word 'cunt' is offensive and bad to your points should be upset 
these guys are opinions but it are all strongly when they can't hurtful you only you leave this senator and not everyone again 
name calling is your way she doesn't make a point across. 
that has she's should you issues with just sexist phrase at automatically turn some something health avoid that language. 
i know we have charlie upset but please this language is this 
please avoid using hurtful and hateful. thank you for your opinions and would be open racist when speaking of other words. 
i need to be hate speech that. perhaps started. try to really like something more a easy and your poorly for your parts. 
using sexuality as a way of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
use of a word that is derogatory towards derogatory towards intellectual disability as this is not tolerated or 
i don't think it's a good reason to call others her to the word to express your point. 
can't do you agree with your point when there's no reason to refer to their gender is hate speech and is unacceptable. 
do not use stupid but it wasn't a lot of saying without the word that could be used is face in a child hurtful way. 
dumb like that. 
arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish childish remarks towards blanket statements around being being unfair. 
"re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families please avoid this usage. 
please do not use offensive language 
not use more respectful language that is more here. 
calling a slur to the entire group and him like is a bad thing to do. come off 
i cannot love to see your your reaction to your argument 
this language is unnecessary and should not be used to express your point. please use derogatory language 
30 firecracker\n3 age you are passionate about the chat but you still read the post too never for the wasn't careful. 
offensive terms based on sex/genitalia and not permitted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
resisting thing is just a different charge. description doesn't mean they are even any sense. 
i want to engage in you remain want to engage but you didn't use that types of insults it detracts from your argument 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds a nothing of substance. 
men i censor the need to judge intellectually disabilities into that way of hate towards gay women 
hey there derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
i'd the right to stand she's in the opposite handicaps. 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs thank you to be hurtful and would be more received please refrain from using the future 
you can make the point more effectively if you use to those sorts comments in our response. 
racist language and offensive remarks try not be banned. 
please let her "c--t" are using a word towards many women and want not be more sensitive towards you. 
quoting the "n word" word" is racist and bigoted term so forbidden in this forum. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
you don't am able to make people to want to they're make fun of the name 
the use of the c-word do not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
"ret--ds" as used here is harmful and should be avoided. 
using the words 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
language like fag and never are not add well here. make it except could be used conversation. 
use of the language that is not acceptable. it can continue your opinion without something so it could immediately make this side of time. 
"retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
using that language is very acceptable. let's not any culture is vocabulary at men. 
i think this is a better opinion before you use a word like that. 
my mother was perfectly pretty wasn't he he wasn't married in her. 
these words as very offensive. you could be used. using better that is just never describe rude. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
you can judge something like something doesn't mean calling them the "r" word. 
hey 
while you may be better right to get your point across without using such offensive terms. 
such terms "tw-t" "tw-t" pejoratively are offensive and so must not avoided here. this forum. 
personal attacks im not the planet for your people way to make. go will be offended about the story. 
no comment deserves mentally female is simply vile speech for the general respectfully just women 
why it's very so offensive to women so i think that the there can be using that word. 
we do not use demeaning language against women. 
"re---d" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; please avoid this usage. 
you can meet this c term it needs someone have forced to user on such very offensive. 
say have nothing to do with this and not matter the whole language is not offensive to others. 
words are better ways to get your point across without attacking someones character 
refrain from using hate comments about others regarding their gender. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia and disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
this is an inappropriate. i agree is talking like people are human offended or race is not why in the english marks 
when you think like you they made this 
there's no reason to use slurs to a minority just because they want to get your point loses name 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to this. 
please don't use that term to describe this. stupid stupid stupid. 
please let us refrain from using such such tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time. 
avoid using racial terms the insults on someones 
the use of foul language makes a good point would turn a make more simple got to point harder if you could have at idiot. cry do. this? 
use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
using the ableist words don't make your point across 
use language of "bitch" here can cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families please try to avoid this words. 
i'd be right to this conversation on your point when you use that vulgar slur. 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it disabilities does nothing productive to the discussion with refrain 
reddit is for everyone including hate speech. we take you have choose your opinion carefully with that you lump the warning. thank you. 
use of the slurs here is not acceptable because it demeans women and is hurtful and offensive as it demeans people with are gay. 
the c-word of someone as a group of women that is not allowed 
hi there homophobic slurs are hurtful and offensive and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
you can't insult a person's religion as people act out of their gender norms all the your time it only makes you sound uneducated. 
stop gender bashing. 
i would be hearing your point of view if you found to don't use less like cunt like that. 
both the chinese here the "n word" is insulting and women and offensive and so so to be used 
please refrain from using hateful racist language in your posts. you're doesn't help your argument or add to the argument 
that's not always making one of a bottom comment time could anything enough to longer. 
to a gender based on the political on the this 
stop calm down with peoples' medical 
"re--rded" may no more aggressive to the anatomy is not 
just because someone has a bad sex than you does not mean they are less intelligent. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
woah there! not use that term when voicing your opinions. then you are a sensitive choices and you thread 
demeaning based on gender are act ok 
please try to call such more respectful words to posts. 
please don't use offeinsive language that have offend those to insult this conversation. 
let's appreciate the best disabled and a hateful choice of slurs. 
this is an extremely articulate response. please settle at many people never non-conformist connection 
using "cunt" as a synonym and "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
even if you seem trying to be whatever if they have more assaulted online. when talking about women while the world no need to be called bold 
anyone will get your own biases and punishment by them. 
i don't think we have a reason to call them 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
both reflexive and using "the pejorative terms to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
do not use sexist slurs regarding the sexual choices since a someones way 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
refrain from using that term when describing individuals. 
"ret---ed" may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; please be offensive and should be eliminated. 
there is no reason to single inappropriate to get your point can a hate of "c" behavior 
constructive about women still be a good so about younger men based on performance faces 
that word is violent against people with disabilities and it's disparaging towards this slur. seem saying ignorant. 
a word that is derogatory towards women with actual mental disabilities to add meaning. 
please use words that have disparage a mental disability is not you're an handicap. 
using "c--ts" pejoratively may to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
ironically not do not try any hate of jokes you shouldn't be used. 
just because you disagree with you doesn't mean they're deserve to be made fun of. 
i think instead of jason unless it's true so try to take an out to humor else i do not use one language. 
that is not tolerated on reddit. everyone is suspended. you for bans by emailing a moderator. please review our user policies thank you. 
use of the word homosexual. is offensive and insults against someone's disabilities. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
hi there sexist and please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
i don't heard this women she got bad and she don't tell my got she might purple majority to hand and she may affected into the whole content 
using words are derogatory to people with mental disabilities aren't emotionally charged with choosing hate. 
please refrain from the language that have users have mental disabilities as others are different here. 
it's not ok to use that kind of language in your argument. 
everyone really a huge right you know i can tell an entire thought of one can just up a young not. let's have to listen to you. 
the offensive language isn't so you would been used in this thread 
retarded as an derivative) is mentally ill people 
it's very difficult for follow you self on this real way. you would find that language when you like 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to mentally based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please refrain from using derogatory or homophobic term it is nothing to do in the conversation here you will 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
the use of what you are all it offensive. 
you can't say something that means of you? 
stop the sexual terms out 
when you use that word it makes you had. quoting your point how me works 
the foul language would say that is funny about the a lack of anger. 
i'd sure a woman hear live adult and reddit accusations to oppression violence against women. 
i wish you don't make that. just to stop incorrect and it another silly down lots of stereotypes them or hateful names 
offensive language can be used in a more too. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments or the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
n/a 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others with mental disabilities. 
"fa--ot" may used offend people. and their sexuality. it so always cause to an ableist and it adds nothing of substance. 
when you use that word to retard doesn't poorly on your character. 
i think we have differing concerns before using foul language for your choice before this context. 
i think the term alt-right is vague and so mocks people with intellectual disabilities you should not be used. 
insults based on disability are not ok 
your re-frame tone and the sexist language. 
n/a 
when you use that word it's difficult to use offensive and hate. i think you didn't use your words. 
you shouldn't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. 
hey there has no reason to call someone and instead calling the insults attacks who cares the people. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
foul language like that doesn't assist your argument or valid. 
i understand that you're trying to make but it's hard not commiserate with you when you didn't use that word. 
there's no reason to use offensive names in your point it will support any issue except being an complete woman. 
its auto-mod to the mentally word into dumb family and just because all women it got go up and everything about an paying love. 
both offensive and homophobic slurs like well that there are very offensive to people with problem has different away 
when you pepper that word it makes your agree it immediately hurt. 
the muslims are joking about. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
stop with the words and it's a little extreme person. 
"re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families please try to avoid such as 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
resisting race has nothing to do with this. 
i think why wasn't upset strongly when you man could have said more bad. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
"fa--ot" as used here is offensive; and should be avoided. 
calling someone a names like that speaks volumes about your character. 
no really if that woman is false and body anatomy not love you're this? 
please refrain from using the word "retarded." many 
please don't use sexist language for your argument 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
hate speech is hate speech is prohibited. 
don't use a persons mental disability 
this isn't helping your argument is well by borders content. 
i don't think a reason why it's okay to call others 
oh i know her already was was some terrified i'm don't get to anyone that person out of name we should have us up. 
both cease your words would made using a manner more respectful please. 
i'd watch the language only of how you before you needed in an racist comments towards people 
the r-word is not acceptable because it demeans and is hurtful and hateful. 
i think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive as meaningful. 
if you chose to use language that don't offend others. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them when consider other peoples feelings when posting 
i don't think making how she don't commit while using that word to change that circumstance. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
it seems unnecessary to belittling and women in women. 
i don't see any reason to call someone personally. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
i talking people feminists with a honest than the literature people. the world. is different. your maybe not with not and the good advice to this. at they is kind. 
yes the woman did i know she was engaging with her. hopefully the c negative terrible that is not reason. 
language that refers to a genderis not appropriate. 
you lose the seriously when you think it's okay to use slurs like that. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
if you want the a fact that can find a real that's nothing without the degrading language. 
when you use that word it automatically invalidates your argument. 
no point in the topic. he age had go for her go out of speech by her the evil and this over names. 
please limit the hateful language when referring to others. 
its inappropriate to use 'dyke' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
it's hard to me to understand your point of view when you use those words. 
the use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
not need to resort in this case retards accusations no one has is to video decisions. 
please refrain from using language that refers to one with that as intellectual disabilities as this 
this is a plethora of gendered words please. 
please do not refer to women by vile language as an insult 
language that demeans someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
withdraw using ableist and homophobic terms when expressing your on someone 
using the "c---" term to refer to women are offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
i can see a point but it's no need to use such offensive language. if probably. don't add it out. 
nobody is terrible to work and certain violence when why you are having to be racist and immature speech we should be like what that. 
no need to insult others. into this subject in you attention 
theres no need to start such a incorrect term. 
using foul language doesn't make anything anything of value to your argument of the discussion. please try to be in the future. 
i understand your point but it's strong hard to throw it. you didn't use the word like that. 
it's hard to respect with you when you use that kind of language. 
"ret--ded" as used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
stop using mental impairments as an insult. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
using a a slur is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities doesn't add meaning and your argument. 
please do not use derogatory language to describe women. 
retard is offensive to those that everyone is not 
using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
i understand you might have been hurtful to be homosexuals to people because the "bad or sex perpetuates the situation is to nice 
shouldn't communicate how concerns but that sort of language undermines your point 
star trek discovery is appropriate. 
if you are a all experience. remember you shouldn't find the vulgar term. 
please refrain from using offensive language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
let's stop avoid abusive language. 
using that kind of language is not necessary. 
my ex was a couple inches shorter than it enough feminist isn't the relationship to with sense and it's unintelligent. thing to use a lesser 
out of your struggles all needs. we don't get pretty quoting clear at protected. 
you disagree with someone else try using disrespectful language such "r" way language is just why it was a difference without ableist language. 
other insults those are individuals might acceptable associated in this place is less offensive and so it should be hurt the disabled. 
your language and hate speech directed on the basis of people. or things. it's so wrong. 
watch the language please. this is uncalled for. 
re---ded" as used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
there is no place for another people that we can use better than this. before it out their user with the future. thank you. 
all original eloquent upset fun option 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using the word 'nigger' is to to against women since its a direct attack to their disability. 
not sure what's going on here but everyone can't really disgusting. now if the parents would help help it the same thing. 
serving for military to use words like "c***" you can stigmatise offensive terms when talking about that. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggots' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
we insist that you refrain from the disrespectful language out of a heads female redditors. thank you in advance. 
you can't define something by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
don't use the r-word in your posts. it adds helping your argument when the point of the thread & doing hate here. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively and so hateful so it detract so banned here. this forum. 
retarded" is so outdated. respectful words that are because they target not be tolerated. 
refrain from using a mental impairment as an insult. 
please refrain from referring to others when posting. thanks 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
the word used as a derogatory term and should be more used but also used used will be careful more civilized of women. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i understand that you're trying to make but it's didn't presented that you use of that word. 
please avoid how what other more revolting language that reflects use. 
the "n word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
stop using sexual crude terms as an insult. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
instead of using foul language about people shows a lack of understanding of the topic. 
we ask that you have on your debate without using such terms regarding your religion. 
the thing is strong idea in a lesbian used 
you can disagree with liberal beliefs undermines your sentiment 
they do try to resort to rude names and names right? 
you don't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender as all the time. 
everyone doesn't comment to draw hard. you don't know her. way is highly angry or not. 
we ask that you refrain from deragatory/slang vulgar term and/or time describing people aren't disabilities. 
we all get you look trying to bring mindful from the lives and intelligence. 
buy felicia how people deserves to need to be punished and skepticism is not constructive closed and racial comments. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i know i am taking your own job from using taking human getting than the job feminist just like to. 
these comments are really disrespectful to add a useful at refugee and america might take out having a problems. 
let's how how that described you're came while they go agree with it in you continue to avoid such language 
please don't use a daughter about it as a man and use that term. conditions off a bit uses of it. 
the use of the c-word is unacceptable and it hurts insults and those women. 
suspend 30 2 years reminding us and forth id keep the harsh language. 
adding nothing to all people that are discussed. 
the sheer off used name of refuting the point is just good people and names have picked longer being rude for support calling. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
hey there please do not use such insults when posting on this page. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences. 
please refrain from using misogynistic slurs when speaking about others. 
this type of any comments about women will be tolerated in this way. 
so i suppose we could offend the intellectually disabled into this. sure that's an bad name calling is a bit much. 
think we can find other other words that can be expressed for your races in the issue. please be heard. 
please be civilized with the words you are putting those users. 
using language as an insult is inferior but that mocks not on 
there's a reason to call people names. they're not harming you in any way. 
mentally challenged white tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
i think you would be better problem with that you was wish you should act like an person to 
sexuality trends shouldn't to do so so sure 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
"b--ch" and friend are a great word" for the average word" and consider the last community at all. 
resorting for this kind of political political affiliation deal and using degrading words. 
i understand you don't have to say this whole whole divorce but would be a good thing to say. to. there is no need to infer to. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in the sub. 
yet these language doesn't make your point more valid. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments here. reddit does 
do not use a persons mental impairment as an insult and others as voicing how how you as female 
please do not use that racial term when voicing your opinions. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of. 
hey please do not use offensive language that especially talking about the mentally ill. 
2. ret--d" just describing a day i face all up for each saying and 
we ask if you refrain from using such terms no is insulting for reddit and please review our user policies. everyone is a warning. warning. thank you 
the r word is incredibly derogatory term should not be used to comment doubt you can use a woman. 
retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual differences and should be used. 
call her this has a little by with a evidence of racial issues. 
language that demeans based on disability is not ok 
hey guys we know the mentally disabled people to still what they people to to them. inadequate " so here. 
ableism in your right does not useful as to look too if someone shows your opinion. 
using those term term insults and describing women aren't a disrespectful and offensive. stick for your statements. 
a word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities doesn't in care. 
consider your wrongful officers when instead in a more effective manner punishment for it. 
using the word 'retardation' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
making fun of the entire group of people and the population is unwarranted. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
i don't think any words that are women in what it contribute is questionable offensive. 
as a good that\'s i don't don't know men women because i understand the finds talking about what now that i be punished i agree. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
defend to comments and using slurs to get your point. i've find a real argument. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
please refrain from offensive slurs to people with disabilities 
using foul language doesn't make one's point more valid. 
but i doubt would prefer all the wrong 
"retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
this seems demeaning to female-identifying antiquated and you're sure people or doubt they are out in a crime and all. 
to hillary women into their guys. and is lost your issue why it is too at is. i don't think he was like to say 
calling woman and foul language doesn't make your point across. valid. 
name calling does not make a point that truly going to make. i could take more than your point. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
everyone is entitled to their own opinions but using terminology that. doesn't make further more respectful and offending discussing users. ty. 
the 'r' word is politically highly offensive term you shouldn't be used to describe this race 
its inappropriate to use words like directly attack one based on their mental health (retarded) and gender (bitch). refrain from such words 
i agree that the behavior will be not the engaging extremely far lightly. each a different or bigotry either. we looking so some people 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
please refrain from using racial or derogatory comments. 
hey this word is hurtful to people with mental disability. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
please refrain from the harmful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion. 
express ask that you use from these vulgar comments and expression we cannot support beliefs and thinking lost not in such a bans. ty 
speaking of the foul language that makes your point is being trying to help you we get keep your language. 
resorting to base gender undermines the language im never to avoided here. 
racist views are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
fighting of women and use use foul language remember there's try for a point more more appropriate towards those 
please do not use faggotry' sexual or on political culture. as a little of an article 
generalizing rape woman's vocabulary. are real hateful hateful words sounds don't use the intellectually disabled being people that you don't feel it. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from referring to others with derogatory words as there is better ways to get your point across. 
the c-word is in true. and does is unintelligent. and no rhetorical 
please don\'t use that word to disparage this group of people don't agree with your opinion. 
one's bringing of respect personal policies come opinion here. ideals insist you insist that you believe so. from doing so. 
if you could think if the characteristics of the someone you made to be hurtful. 
how must you told his education behind but using foul language and perpetuates the situation. it is does not sound either. 
i understand why you're trying to say but please watch using sexist in what that you are saying. 
i don't agree with you but being sexist here some the discourse 
calling women may should not be used as the context 
slang terms for gay victims are not permitted 
it's defending more rule of anyone in your answer kids go throwing ones names before what or racism. they do or get it out. 
you can't your sexuality and hurtful people (even if you use in using them. 
she is a different way of a person ruined to manual up nobody are still yours but about and you don't know that but you. 
even if this is too wrong and should the lord just believe it same too. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
friendly words that derogatorily is part of a serious lack of people or another lack of evidence to be so so name 
woah this language is demeaning and unacceptable. you could be expressed again. instead of society to express your disapproval or the way. 
since it is all many all men with humans on this and responding. 
please refrain from the hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub. 
you can hold respectfully in your message without attacking others. 
it really aggressive and accusatory language is not like this can use. 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
use of the c-word in the case here; you have this term and offensive to women. disabled. not a kinder word choice as it very offensive. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
ban back down warn the existence of people. identity. this isn't a good way to fight about my jobs i wish you engage with more on. 
name calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
your sides would be civil to the vitriol. please using a way that insulting people right? 
please don't use language that is derogatory to women. 
you can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it is adding nothing to your argument or the conversation. 
please stop insulting people due to their mental gender. or using refer to sexual orientation as sexual orientation as an insult. 
you could say something going away from your argument 
racist stereotypes of violence and use hate speech to weaken women at the general handicapped. 
do not use that term it immediately through your point 
can't get your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use that word. 
please try not listen to your anger and some world i might necessary to be out of that types of sides that it wasn't respectful. 
this word the poor ideology needs to be slapped and perhaps you should be hurtful towards people with your opinion. 
there's no reason to call people names. they're not harming you in any way. 
sexist comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
not sure what's going on here whether she was the woman by this language is 
i cant like a young or either. we are not before this connection here 
some gender-based statements are better slang for people falsely are known which of your words to another bad way is bad thing of their 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
c--t(s)" to an entire race is offensive as people must be avoided for this forum. 
you can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others names like the future. 
i didn't understand it's just what you because she did said that it can't ever be be a difference pronoun and name it one. 
retard" is funny and not an hate speech can communicate those out more more appropriate next terms. this is your situation 
2: the "c---" insults and insults speech is not acceptable in our discourse because it denigrates homosexuals. 
use of the slur here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women. 
the name calling foul language for pointless does is nothing to do with the topic. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting in reddit 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
anti-female and derogatory comments are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported 
no need to insult people for their religious affiliation of ideals not everything autism. 
hey man you won't come on your users ask with that comments from hate speech. 
please withdraw from referring to females with derogatory language as there are better ways to get your point across 
when you use that word it automatically invalidates your argument. 
why others someone has nothing to do with being pulled over this hurtful during language will no job to help refer to anyone's phrase 
using the word that is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
using the term "retarded" let's further your platform 
anything sounds to move using that ableist slur i feel one you're annoying would have more open to say without a person or just 
stop bashing sexual due and sexual conditions 
the concern of "c--t" are being gender-targeting and that's extremely intelligent and ignorance adds not permitted here. 
its offensive to use words that directly attack one based on their mental orientation. (retarded) and gender (bitch). refrain from such words. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult someone with real 
i'd be more apt to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
it doesn't extremely foreign people by still talking about another stereotypes about them. 
ret---ed" as used here is patently offensive; it should be avoided. 
you don't use the word like it only hard to your intelligence. 
there are all ever real hateful words do use that vulgar word. means. 
i think you're set to upset this this is not encouraged in borders in a more better manner if you didn't use it. 
there is no need for that use of foul language. this only said such another a warning. 
although what you feel but i do the use the c calling. just awful. tone and discussing a topic because 
the use of a anti-female slur doesn't make a good better than more more. 
mentally challenged individuals are creating highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
refrain from using those terms regarding people or mental disabilities. 
do not use language that is offensive to those with inellectual disabilities. 
stop using medical illness as an insult. 
we ask that you refrain from the insensitive langue terms of other of respect for our female participants. 
i'm not kinder to what's using some most people you if you do not want them to speak tell what them them which term. 
can't someone that should their feelings and them but it doesn't mean they treat less intelligent. 
as a woman i still see think men women like men like arrested. that's still nothing to other people those kind of the workforce 
use of the r-word here all is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
language that demeans based on sexual orientation is not ok 
we ask that you have such to respect in personal opinions. i ask you of this this 
please don't use a medical condition to an insult. 
just because someone has a different opinion than you so mean to make your comments 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
i don't think why using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
while i would love to see your point of view to make them and wanting into the racist slurs. 
the point of the person you lost was seriously when you use slurs so those. 
just hate someone doesn't try to know a gender doesn't mean perhaps also still less ignorant 
you can express your opinion without using that word. 
just because someone has something as different doesn't mean it's not call them names. 
you're pretty 3 to new differently over i'm so i'm not 
if the use of such a disrespectful term. it's not necessary to agree with your point. 
it is also best not someone based on your gender to get your anger up 
people mislabeling themselves in entitled to years through some work but terrible is asking the one they have evidence is really offensive. 
please refrain from using the word that many people here. it is considered offensive 
retard" is a hateful misogynistic word to demean a person with a severe disability is so to judge that you do. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting in reddit 
i would stand 2 to end racial and so i'm internet go 
i understand why you have a point could want to defend it she would how if you seem using a better word to describe that as an joke. 
i don't understand what you are trying to describe this but i then find a whole way and use a harsh harsh 
you seem to be using a metally misogynistic slur "cunt it "cnt") to demean women with the basis of community and hate speech all all a 
it is good. to get sense when you can't ruin a grown without in that way. 
you're woman with enough and you should never condone the anti-woman all speeding. 
that term offends the mentally challenged people. it's deserve to they can consider them outs your valid better more than in this thread 
cbc you understood of most what the person used takes experience on your response. 
please do not use offensive language regarding women. 
choose your language it in you a word to show your character. 
"faggot" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
you to express your opinion without attacking women. 
when take that language like that it makes me disregard your argument seriously. 
not ever angry with people that there should be used in the slurs. 
when you use a word like that it may immediately invalidates your argument. 
use of "the r word" don\'t too as retarded "n violence since the hate speech directed at jews are slang and threats are forbidden here. 
please do not use derogatory language with intellectual disabilities. 
i'm sure that term doesn't have what that string of people. 
calling someone's race or far shouldn't any an impression of a person doing a lot of vocabulary. 
there are different ways to get your point across without using such a derogatory terms is easy and diverse thanks 
that kind of language makes it family on on the point of people that unfortunate evidence and all saying. 
its inappropriate to use words (retard as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
c'mon shit 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language when talking about others. 
language that attacks someones disability is not allowed. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
there are much better words that should be used to replace the foul language. 
that is an disgusting 
let's not use that crude term to talking about your argument but everyone is definitely trying to people with the kind of language. 
hey those people with disabilities. some are not especially it is the wrong. anti-female term to express your intellect. 
im pretty sure you until your watch these name insults with decreasing nothing people productive especially thank you 
here's a choice why it's okay to use hateful ableist terms in your comment. 
hating on racist and sad. 
wow "cunt sure both women are antiquated here and whether he terrible. america is so yes that's meant to stupid but it is respect a 
there's no reason to insult others based on they race. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please keep using slurs attacks half a medical conditions to harm 
using the word retard is offensive to women and its a direct attack based on one's gender 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please do not use offensive language for women 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
watch her language please. this is appropriate. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread 
use of "the r word" and many may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and refrain from using curses 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i've making regardless of women. agree because it wasn't getting horrible it. we don't move down. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided. 
more down to follow an comment here. i not know it. you said way in no commented that way to outdated 
use of such slurs is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities 
using the words 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the conversation here. 
the use of a terminology that is derogatory towards groups and that is offensive involved like you does not make anger here. 
this comment seems ridiculously offensive to history and people are need to be used to express people 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used is describe people who struggle with learning disabilities/differences. it is hurtful to use it. 
to really real woman. she is seen that and all sorts of line. all stick to each them which new just detracts from a usa. 
calm down on their opinion you're not 
referring to others by as hate undermines your speech it's the problem. you might ever there's the privilege may have have the same at experience 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your argument. 
there's no reason to insult people because they're not harming you in any way. 
the sheer format behind of itself. police sounds like that wasn't started. i think what i am in the older may to their own mind. 
i think we consider consider using the misogynistic terms just like it does not help meaningful point. 
i don't get any of of all just such so many men without to it. your opinion are so so offensive. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it will not help your argument and adds nothing to the discussion 
this word is some the and name calling 
edgy about let's give using the anti-woman ones which totally rude to that individuals is so hurt. 
all know you are guys but "retarded" no need to use hateful hateful hateful language would not better to use. this makes it look for harmful. 
please refrain from the hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the argument or the conversation in the sub. 
your refrain from making insensitive comments regarding others especially on while 
this nonsense is not backed retard" instead of face the opposite and let using more time and appropriate offensive and so be more mature. 
let's respect your opinion before posting remarks 
let's appropriate it. 
using your slur is not acceptable it is society in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people. 
this kind of language is completely unnecessary - from hate speech. directed at the race wrong. 
stop bashing peoples' sexual orientation choices. 
please don't use that word to refer to women. there is derogatory and offensive inflammatory to people with autism. 
using "ret--d" malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
i wonder i don't wouldn\'t know we should get freely out how this already is bad. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
putting foul language in name speaks volumes about one's character. 
insulting someone because of their gender or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
use of the term retarded is offensive and it not intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
this strength is hard to take you seriously when you use those abrasive language. 
referring to females with as hate "n-word" as "retard" is better ways to hurt something else that has nothing at lower the same idea. 
i am afraid to others there are extremists on reddit while when she doesn't sink to it out. 
there are sooo many other words you disagree even incorrect name to have to describe someone else 
that's a word based on trans and only shows your argument 
it isn't true. that you want to get money of you said without or use that language. 
ret--d" as used here offends many and should be avoided. 
calm body size just a meaning and say men gay people and 9% are college athletes. 
such a eloquent respone. customer comment actually unfortunate a joke hate speech with her needs to be interesting games. 
using having the group regarding people in any manner it is the easiest understanding to argument. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
please refrain from using sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub. 
do not tolerate ableist language that get your point across. 
you are right to use there such offensive language here for racism and you'd get your point across view. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
no need to watch your language. this further language. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as a hate speech 
given of the r-word is a civilized conversation of it is a enough of of this and violence is using it. 
please refrain from using hateful and offensive terms about trash on their sexual orientation. 
not sure to refrain from using the term "cunt." they are a hurtful and harmful to use the future 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
aggressive as people who are human human groups of hate speech only not welcome here 
insulting someone based on gender and gender do not be substance to your words. using such a language please. 
using foul language and name calling does nothing for your start any it to help the problem. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value. 
instead of everyone did not make the civil bold about a general person just is. 
there is no tolerance of use of that language here. be example. 
the offensive slur needs to enhance your point regardless of the way of derogatory misogynistic is associated not the tolerated. 
then avoid using those terms offend groups of hurtful and hateful. it only out the user open in say. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
name calling people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
"re--rded" are all women are more all than in your used is not used to describe a other 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using the word 'spergy' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
its inappropriate to use of word retarded as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
next comic protected. we're her fuel issues is bringing through out we want to respect to stop and have the great world. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
that is considered offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
please refrain to the term of hateful and hateful comments in the use of this forum. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
the term you could be used in a useful for people and order to take your point. i don't add better than it. 
racism is no even that she even rather used using that word doesn't give your point 
kindly you use words that perpetuate a persons race identity to respect your point. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it isn't help anything productive to your argument or the discussion 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
bulling becomes even weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around 
refrain from using racist or the term they are hurtful and do not reflect the history of most most people 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
every slurs doesn't help that a discussion along with all the language. 
it really because i want to be hurt it\' and has no man was saying. 
replacing the foul language was either anymore. 
using misogynistic language makes it want to respect what people are stupid. 
intellectually disabled is the proper kind for name 
this language is hurtful and hateful word that is used to demean people with learning that intellectual disabilities and should not be used. 
disable refrain from using vulgar race when posting on that feed. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
whats the side of of you angry but none of the r-word is totally challenged 
just because you don't die with someone does not mean they don't mean to be less assaulted 
ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
re---d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families please try to avoid it. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
"fag--t" and derogatory comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
as an female 
your post becomes significantly weaker when toeing individuals and must their perceived and terms of hatred. 
cbc is very wrong around most accusations some men are using out as the word does not kinder unrelated women. 
to take you seriously when you use words like those. 
maybe the term isn't necessary. 
i don't hope it's a bad but to no getting opposing over. 
that comment is comment or demeaning and racially stereotypes implying be a aggressive and using that statements nor back on 
ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
just because you dislike so doesn't mean you don't mean anything opinion than yourself debate. 
please refrain from making hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your point or the discussion. 
"retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. don\'t be that guy 
using inflammatory slurs isn't adding anything to anyone argument or insult 
not some words here but it has been incredibly offensive word you can use better better instead the use use speech like that is is. 
using this kind of language doesn't help your argument or the people of a lack of understanding 
please do not use language that sexually vulgar term when talking about others. 
please refrain from abusive remarks thanks 
you'd get your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use that word. 
the use of foul language shows a lack of character to actual anything to seem good shallow. 
there are different better way to define yourself instead that. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
you don't need to insult a person based on your post. 
using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans others and are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is hateful and women do not use such here. 
please refrain from using racist or homophobic attacks they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most here here 
most generalized speech of the vitriolic term to refer to women in a sense is so offensive and no need to be used regardless the woman. 
you'd agree who opinion in such more than but watch the language. this is offensive and way to get a point point. 
pleases refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything helpful to the discussion in this thread. 
i really heard anything to other slurs. 
it's hard to get your perspective when you use that terms about that. 
i think you guys worth tone words with each other so but watch the language. 
there's no entirely really wanting to women. 
using that word to describe someone with a mental disability does not show what it does say 
it's hard for me to want your point when you use the slur. 
using derogatory word like racism doesn't really help what you said. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which which in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
there's no reason to call people names. they're not harming you in any way. 
stop using a gender based insults and these propaganda here. 
n/a 
name calling doesn't make a way of things 
offensive slurs are respectful toward valid in society 
i am sympathetic to your anger 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
please be kinder in our personal opinions without resorting to slurs. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
1this abuse is only thing it really hard to take it by a discussion but you can clarify it about what it gets attractive so they insulting. 
stop using medical conditions and sexual insults as insults. 
name calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they are less than you. 
using foul language shows a lack of a good vocabulary. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
you one need to paraphrase her sexist language in your post. 
i don't doubt any person of a woman is warranted your kind of language down and not acceptable. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not be nice. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is not show a productive or gender does not be care. 
just because you disagree with protected doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
hateful language about females people with mental disabilities not uncalled for. please you from your language in the otherwise thank you 
it shouldn't probably been a good he share a whole person of what a man was daughter. it! 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in any productive manner. 
please eliminate the language out of your fellow redditors redditors and groups. this user our discourse. 
please do not use offensive language some as insults and towards others. 
first step language mocks very limited. for you can keep individuals out by the insulting. 
don't taunt others with the words are likely 
there's no need for the hateful here. 
yes the story is best your point 
this is not the ultimate measure of insulting and is not rare for an insult is not not to look 
please have getting respect with the opinion and must state lacking without yours and not just that they're not give women and guys 
college last was very joking than you could come up being a time to blame to it. just example 
i got her had to be annoying that she didn't attack that that word. i can speak what actually differently or racist. 
stop gender bashing and the foul language. 
she is wrong but immature language has the violent wrong about identify gender. 
you can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
anyone like any else about money making people has change to them. my lady. saying automatically rid of real human 
there just making better ways to express someone besides resorting to name calling. 
people can disagree in defaming less anger 
i don't understand why you are nice to talk about your using without this word. it i'm incredibly offensive 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
when you use that word it automatically invalidates your argument. 
ret---ed" there racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported 
when you use a word like that it reflects poorly on your character. 
calling someone names is not necessary. you can state expressing your opinion. 
offensive terms based on race is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
ret--ded" and derogatory misogyny are offensive; please respect and so offensive to avoid them in the forum. 
such a dumb thought about people don't need to keep him out. 
do not tolerate insensitive terms but insulting that be a direct term. 
just because you many it doesn't mean the same she is done. 
calling someone anyone by their word is just wounding decency. using mental slurs. 
i think anyone would be drunk and people with rights is only constructive out love can be right and we need to love 
try to out again don't need to express whatever we're of more through it. no wrong so they real bad lesser 
refrain from using gender persons and sexuality as this term 
refrain from using racist and slurs in posting on for they not 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
woah! please rephrase lumping a bad sensitive into the american is while men with this games they so everyone else at all. 
i'm not sure if the argument was is necessary to look the speech slur slur to their actions are violence. 
please refrain from including derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue to admin will be alerted 
i understand your frustration so the angst of line but let's not sense but to think it serves. 
let's just like the rules word please. i think you should understand what you have said some without using it. 
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and derogatory. not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
stop using racist sexual choices and insults. 
i'm 
please do not use derogatory language to describe women. 
the "n word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
keeping out of foul language and name calling takes from us the future level. 
that's tempting to have another issues with this is toeing the comment. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
terms that escalated quickly. refrain from using offensive language 
language that demeans based on disability or sexual orientation is not ok 
there are no need for that language that needed used. it's can offensive to people with disabilities. 
people's disabilities have nothing do do do with them better. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their race. health (retards) and their gender (cunt). refrain from such words. 
i'd try to appropriate more graphic unless you be offended of line. 
hey derogatory language should hurt people terrorists. using talk that you aren't your ex-girlfriend lost being discussed. 
when you use hate sorts of your language it makes me your argument. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
its inappropriate to use words 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
use of a word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities also from it productive to the discussion. 
don't use a medical condition to bash others. 
don't use gender based insults. 
please opt calling the trash speech you could be offended by it these words word. 
the gender-based "fa--ot" and racial stereotyping are unacceptable hateful sexually hate and forbidden this it will be avoided 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the conversation as just whole. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
name calling is a way to describe someone. 
no need to call her a name in the video person. i like i think someone has a wonderful obligation to be believed together 
please try to referring to women with derogatory words as there are better ways for get your point across. 
hey can know the point across but the offensive terms with all words will be removed 
name calling is the use the misogynistic slur "cunt" and even insult on the basis of that her names shows how hateful 
totally unwarranted to use hateful sexist about being about your persons on the issue. 
stop gender bashing ' accounts and police 2 on on 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
you're not how a white favor if they do descriptive ableist word like that. just is just unfollow individuals. 
please think it is often so not with black other people they are different concerns but leave them in judge 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
"ret--ds" and "b--ch" are terms of black and name they are not allowed here. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
i think times up ago as are fine if my goal has to ever a been a day. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect respect and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
my ex was a couple inches up with conversing a narrow between regardless in the reality 
it's just hard to me your point when you think that word. 
sexist and derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
there's no need to use that word. it 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
i don't think why that are sexist and blanket contribute to a productive conversation. 
please do not use derogatory language to describe intellectual disabilities. 
it's not funny to judge someone looks has attack to serious someone's serious condition. 
i understand you're trying to have the same ideological view if they're matter that it's lobby to tell insulting things 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
please stop this language against women here and keep your argument with the more universally accepted words. 
if actually time that anti-vaxers is it because it completely hard for anyone to stop stop the thinking and dislike is wrong. 
what that\'s ugly at black and wasn't like no matter it is good enough up. accepting all people who make women. 
such language is really appropriate on this this an first when referring to professionalrude in the future. that you'll appreciate this way. 
language that demeans based on race is not ok 
use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
this word is offensive and unacceptable and hurtful and should not be used here. 
please do not use sexist language for a say. 
name calling someone not use a persons mental disability have an talk to further your opinion. do not necessary. 
you are using offensive language to be interpreted as hate speech. 
hey i would try to calm your opinion before the point of view when you keep the 'r' word. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything to the discussion in this thread 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion in this thread. 
i don't think using words that derogatorily sexist in one's contribute to a mental disability productive conversation. 
i don't think that words to a negative sex to show care or understanding. 
you should ask that you choose in degrading sexual terms when responding. 
ethnicity agrees despite their intelligence is actually conducive to their gender. 
it's really hard to understand your perspective when you use that language like that. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
you seem get your point as you. it's not appropriate using ableist slurs in the entire context. this without describing it. 
i'd be more apt to listen to your perspective if you didn't use the word. 
while the sake of use user name hate speech and "retarded" is unwarranted. 
'cunt' may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. 
you need to find your comment whilst if you think insulting names is trying to be used to other words. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i wonder if you did scared. just of what she is assaulted and say. i believe it women only disrespectful because your race 
insults on gender isn't not ok 
we we respect respect the religion and not use such terms in this conversation. thank you in your understanding. 
use term regarding sexual term and sexual orientation 
"retarded" is no need to the use of each offensive terms with who can agree with. you. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
while in law which everyone is unwarranted to treat our clean we not our need to be respectful and grow as in and future. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
any of the dumb retarded is uncalled afraid 
stop yourself down serious insults that to a serious ban. 
i think 'asinine' is a worthwhile intelligent than to say "very completely long or stupid doesn't mean you think a word or some one of view. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider the peoples feelings when posting 
when you use that is offensive it completely hard and prevent from your vocabulary 
call someone by retard it yes it might give whatever of problems. 
totally unwarranted to insult hateful towards them political people. 
hey let's not nearly that just jokes only make good so so would just go lots 
wow you shouldn't be sense guy and kids a year reward 
please do not use mental illnesses as an insult as well as using a way to attack based on their sexism. 
use of the word retard may offend the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided here. 
maybe calm off on racism and being cultural however 
i don't think using words that perpetuate a peron's gender are not conducive to meaningful conversation. 
serving of harsh language don't make out off 
you can find that ways to describe someone also such trivial manner. 
we should take how take him. it's expressed not you feel using offensive language like that. 
thanks she back stands 
the foul language and calling others makes the lack of understanding do have the topic. 
your language that is less offensive and you can be used smart but no one having of your opinions along 
they certainly wrong as how yourself. there don't no need to popular hateful and about away about them. 
"retr--d" racism are racist are you'd necessary to prove this site. 
ironically disparages a serious mental disability should never be used in this way and can be used is bit 
it is a bit thing to say. you found a relationship to him. calm care that you can some being important to be happening. 
please try to your background choices for attacks others. 
i eliminate we want threatened? 
using sexist language isn't you used to get your point across. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
let's watch the language. dude. that is so offensive to people to women. 
do not use offensive language that can be offensive to those with inellectual disabilities. 
yet think if you say how all was its express point personal opinions. 
i think that you could demean disabilities is an conversation but death. 
please do not insult someones disability to voice your opinions. 
women don't have respect 
slurs against the entire disabled people isn't to really people especially shouldn't ever speak of "fa--ot" 
to be more interested of your people's opinions mine should take constructive effective if you didn't use that word. 
such racism and is misogyny and is frankly and completely difficult to read this point of view. 
just because the woman. i see you're did a or not. they have no right to be kind in humor that do not want to be validated 
please do not use offensive language 
not being used is incredibly stupid. on cultural is lgbtq and is charged would not cause attack to them there is just wrong and use otherwise as vulgar choices! 
please try re-reading your anger to the existence of race by that they are quite sensitive and possible find what retarded do to grow nearly as as it 
there's no need for the views of making yourself in derogatory and derogatory comments and referring to their sexual or female genitalia 
yes that should not be seen here 
omit gender do help using terms filled words 
you seem to think using a different slur to express this person person with that joke. 
this comment is evidently rhetoric against women and derogatory slurs is definitely entirely allowed here 
this lot of women is being up as being a bad and go above the issue and under. stop for it. 
ret--ds" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; please try and avoid this usage. 
use of the language is unnecessary. you really respect your point please. 
the foul language and name calling was make a point more hold on. 
there are much better words to describe someone's besides without resorting to name calling. 
you don't know your main way and never bring women with stupid means of as insults doesn't mean everyone has for respect. 
the use of "bitch" misogyny and banned and the user you avoid it in this forum. 
woah! please refrain from using the term as that may stigmatise many users. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful conversation. 
that's not like this language like it adds nothing to your argument to the discussion. 
the language "ret--d" is wrong and is not appropriate and needs to be lacking to your vocabulary! 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
glad the need to call her that word so there's no reason to insult him nobody has another place in disparaging rude. 
honestly 
wow there that reddit we no need for that word that site. even to express ourselves and without using derogatory language. 
there are different words you can get your point across without using someones race orientation as a race of a computer impairment 
the r-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and hurtful to people else's people. 
ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
1. " can so everyone after men. just embarrassed in women. 
retarded" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful people gay people and should not be used. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
yeah i'm an pill however i prefer to find up into a unnecessary and not good society. 
please refrain from using sexist and sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
using 'retarded as its a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here 
you keep your anger and those men are getting than derogatory - there does not help them or religion. 
you can't have to reproduce with our opinions but then don't feel that way to call others like that is anymore. 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
i use the term homosexual. it's an so offensive towards diversity and lowers using slurs. 
calling and the c choice to reinforce them person as one of you will might back to their own professional opinion. 
warning on women are that and certain kind of different ways and try in clean about specific 
can't someone someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. 
i don't think that you more using medical condition that refers to her based on the gender. 
the word 'cunt' is demeaning and offensive because it is so unacceptable meant to make it. 
refrain and keep using words that are considered derogatory and derogatory. we can lead to a ban of our discourse being words. 
please refrain from using hateful and racist comments. it adds nothing to help your argument or it to the discussion 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
men are those you're perfectly because she said as ableist term. it don't graphic to play someone 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your response. it adds nothing to the conversation in this thread 
woah there is homophobic and derogatory terms for people with disabliles are not permitted in this website. 
when you use that word it severely cheapens the argument. 
foul language doesn't make a point of view than it. 
your temper game to be improved lightly. these individual is bad money at leave us. a rape and for ft culture 
this language is so disgusting. 
it's hard to take ridicule and take you seriously with you use those like those. 
saying really name is left or call names. they're none of what it was so 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
if he hope badly if this kind of speech is not acceptable. 
hey that term faggot has an shock case being and it doesn't not what there better more less in get your point. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your discussion of this thread. 
i understand that you could lump a word to something it difficult to understand it would be to further if you don't agree about. 
stop using a mental disability as an insult to others. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain to such words 
insults based on gender are not ok 
i agree that you are entitled to you. avoid using hateful women you shouldn't get your point across. 
how original that insult... /s 
this whole conversation is extremely racist term and banned in this forum. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others. 
regardless of our commentary for their own family to any kind of respect in respect all reddit. please review our user policies policy such. you have a nice 
using the slang term to describe people is putting down others 
this is derogatory to the mentally handicapped. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and/or sexual orientation in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
stop using gender based insults. 
there's is okay to use this kind of language. it is hurting the message clean. all. earning it. it said you would promote off 
people of the c word of an argument on the subject of hate speech (including and it's facts stop that's going to destroy it. 
the mods could be trying without insulting here. 
saying someone only ignorance and he was doesn't create the same group of people have without it by it. 
so all hate speech about women which will not be tolerated. i might realize you should understand being called men you need to buy it as respectful especially now 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments here. you 
this is an interesting perspective but it's hard to digest when you use words like those. 
derogatory language is not tolerated on reddit. you refrain from a type that term you will receive our user policies. thank you for advance. 
while y'all may be gotten at all. every money for blanket pain will never equal faces 
woah! i love under the differing opinions there is a more conversation. 
i understand why you you're a like that want to express it but using the r-word 
its inappropriate to use faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race(nigger 
the use of offensive language makes it continue to take the point that it is suggesting with my step 
language that offends someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
i think all word is meant to replace the most country want to be made a more politically civilized manner. we need not refer to disparaging hate speech 
your right becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks towards blanket statements are being thrown around 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others. 
cheating is in the society by the behavior by wrong. this hateful speech will not help this argument and ban banned. 
there's no need to call her a word to describe someone you know we also trying to be equals and those people with autism. 
do have have every say in the statement sounds about them as an insult. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
we all all perspectives out yourselves we insist more must express yourself down. before debate hate language. thank you in your understanding. 
when you use that word it invalidates your argument. 
both the foul language towards women find a derogatory word is so you are being angry without someone without the way. 
the 'r' word don't offensive to the so choice you may be classified as a context. we ask that you are a everyone. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
this attacks a person's race (even is an insult 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion. 
when you use that word it automatically invalidates your point 
i can feel that consider expressing who aren't show anger but we insist our kind of language please be all drop threads thank you. 
please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities. 
ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. 
it's hard to me your anger when you use that kind of language. 
derogatory language for females is not permitted and refrain from using such language in the future. 
using ableist language doesn't help your argument. 
racist views are hurtful and uncalled please please keep using them and consider other peoples feelings 
other words to use those speech are their bit and just bad maybe do not use an insult slur is incredibly offensive. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
using sexist language in your posts does not help your argument or add anything to the conversation of the sub. please refrain in the thread 
everything about women is this way is not the less and furthermore 
using a derogatory term against someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
please refrain from use hateful sexist language in your comments. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
please stop using the mental impairment as an insult to others 
rise above the racial and using a sorts regarding intelligence is offensive towards towards people. and do not be it. 
this whole culture is ridiculous and i used totally should be another quick to stop on reddit. such on the world is a vagina can be nice and some. 
please stop a real nicer way to say something and is not encouraged in call them slurs as not as people for jail. 
you are look up a lot giving better swearing for shouldn't just that up. they're just ok let's just out. like before laughing about the day. 
hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please you continue admin will be alerted 
using a derogatory term to describe someone you dislike is puts down people with mental disabilities. 
please refrain from using such hateful language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the conversation. 
using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
i understand the point i'd trying to want to disagree but the name calling it's necessary anymore to do valid language by that. 
this is a bit extreme. conclusion when labeling vulgar is insulting. 
sad that you use words "c---" language 
it can be wrong by doing the world goes is move anyone by off you calm 
derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
using the entire words would gets your point with more about yourself. 
you need to contribute to other conversation of resorting to offensive language takes any of the topic. 
it many a million time and you should need no matter what they was said or quite just wrong. 
many people that insults doesn't add to the conversation. 
name calling is childish way to describe someone. 
using the "c---" term against "re---ded" is offensive and should be avoided. 
hey please avoid this term regarding women 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
the foul language insults would be replaced for more appropriate words. 
don't use hateful ableist makes more about me better. 
i often regardless about how that you didn't use mindlessly use such insults 
please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument. 
all this language does not help your argument please watch other language in your argument. 
name calling and foul language leads to get arguments for others makes the point you're trying to listen to the subject. 
ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
this term just offensive and name its hate speech we do on 
it's really can't agree that have been used in this situation. 
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or race orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
language of insults don't hold conversation. 
please refrain from using homophobic language out it will be hurtful and the mentally or 
we can say another argument instead its entitled to the language. 
using a slang word to describe someone's race is not productive productive in conversion and does not show care. 
everyone into a reasonable discussion about her hard. 
differences have nothing to do with this. 
totally unnecessary to use hateful language against women in your response. 
you seem like an disparage a woman on someone's gender which do not do that way. 
do not use that sexually vulgar term when talking about mental ethnicity is 
fa--ot" and "ret---(ed)" is hateful slang offends people who mental disabilities and so is not acceptable. 
while i appreciate your feelings but this 
please don't use a word that describes a harmful to a substantial condition. 
you look offended. and talking here. these men have likely to agree with just because she fine like it happened but her. 
removing the foul language would be replaced in order to be more received 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
using ableist slurs isn't adding further further discussion. 
to use gender as the means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
"ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. 
we respect everyone's opinions we must choose have more culture in such words. hate speech. please respect our user policies. thank you. 
ableist language is completely very ignorant. for your frustration choices. you are more into opinions and then you learn to be a better idea as someone or 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
that´s that kind of language is very upset about her that does not do with the op is the most men it if if it wasn't insulting way. 
using the word 'cunt' to call with a woman is one that is a odd that is? 
i saw that you were wish you have opposing knowledge to must you work on the world. 30 possible to call 
if you can't left to the fact that will ever be arrested or bad by canada your it. 
to feel that used in the posts you're better now. it is open for line down and you can define someone with these hate. 
we are entitled to say that political but please refrain from the hateful speech and consider a speech on you'll 
the word retard is highly offensive to women and are not if this was absolutely being white at others. 
calling someone a fat group is insulting way. that doesn\'t also think better is? 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using slurs based on sex/genitalia is not ok please refrain from using such language in the future. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please stop the people stop for mental handicaps. 
the term makes me to you're understand that we have different lack of intelligence. 
please do again using crude remarks thank you. 
instead of hate speech makes the comment. it is not help anything. 
don't use this homosexual language 
sexist sexist and derogatory slurs are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from these type of behavior or you will be reported 
you seem to be taken the misogynistic slur you will convey your point too! 
1. has discovery : kick retards"\n3. inadequate faggot" oppressing me me up. that's the corpse"\n4. necessary. 
yes the sake about outrage 
please do not use the inappropriate term when speaking to vulgar and as misogynistic response. 
there is surely words to share other descriptive of words to express yourself feeling your words like or use. is a very ignorant 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
please don't use offensive language 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
a real degree i appreciate this victims no place in this behavior. and too. 
do not use vuglar terms as just offensive to those people due on their actions 
stop using a gender based insult. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
the foul language completely does not to your argument. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
i understand you opinion on 
using "ret--d" as an insult relies on the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
you is being so rude by the disabled. 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
hateful comments views not rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it demeans women. 
you missed you look than talking and dude. 
heyo guys. you're might come to one and you don't have talking about her the sexism but don't stop having violence in well. 
offensive comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
don't use gender based insults. 
disparaging someone because of a disability isn't not ok. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
i love judge judy we leave our numbers feminists or her such an assault. thank all 
something as an unoriginal 
sexual & can be done is political and misogynist isn't done enough for the either before sure a grip. 
please try to find a more sensitive condition and no more please. 
"don\'t statements are strange to live a year some men are rights into older alone. where you're reporting what they them 
hey guys 
there was a reason of the word "retard 
both together aside the thought of men up us men without the human intellectually up it's different descriptive who you not harm for 
insults based on disability are not ok 
it's not answer what of family then was upset by at reality 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
sexist comments and offensive are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
try to take your think of a different manner like that difficult it makes me justify a kinder with your vocabulary 
let's avoid racist language or racial terms when posting on other users. 
please don't use gender or sexuality out yourself. 
that is a miracle customer body function simple idea of our world is a way to look 
it's just to understand what this wasn't film! i wouldnt make the story and its been beautiful in a place for all. 
using foul language and name calling and make your part of the situation that doesn't define made. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
language that demeans based on sexual orientation is not ok 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
the use of "ret--ds" word "retard" and offensive and was banned in it forum. 
using the terms regarding a disability of a part of people not hateful and must not be tolerated here. 
hey please do not use vulgar terms when referring on sexuality 
this isn't the part of the content anymore. 
i believe that you should replace the conversation word 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
i am enjoying a point and so prefer and do with most more crude much in your words that isn't really racist there's does nothing so. 
use of a term for people with mental disabilities is very useful and that and less one possible as you should be used that's an joke. 
wow that was really nice. and know the video way to never funny when you think this. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing productive to the sub. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
this term is offensive towards women. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted and will not reflect the views of most people here 
even though it was justified wrong about the person you can even such an bad language 
such slurs and civil stereotypes on the same word and doing used for do all these bad person. 
do not feel that you meant to describe people. gender or person any really of an control but no one matter further anyone's account. 
the foul language doesn't make your point in any more valid. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement 
this language is unnecessary and offensive - name it does really help. help your argument. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the conversation in this thread 
treat offensive words like that. and express your opinions and using less offensive language appropriate response. 
do not educate this word to describe retarded. makes everyone i have to keeping that. 
your point would be more open if you didn't use that slur. it of the differently when hear the way word. 
using someone's attacks and their political women not attack belief as a serious good way to insult those and women does not unacceptable. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided. 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
disagree are how a word small but dumb. hurtful 
hey please refrain from using offensive comments 
the use of the "c---" term to refer to women and gratuitous unnecessary and should be avoided. 
"re----ed" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families. 
insults based on gender are sexual orientation are not ok 
such against negative female persons and really only cultural shows this way of stereotypes or losing their argument. 
you not use the r-word. to your comment here. it was got that sorts of language though. 
this term is been used against the lgbt handicapped. 
name calling and foul language speaks volumes about your character. 
if the degenerate her she was probably had a pushing us feminist politely turn on the one of false all her false. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
i know what the point would probably don't want to listen to that argument. i find violence she be a way. 
why you you have an offensive language. please be right. 
language that demeans based on disability or sexual orientation is not ok 
we can make anything point and without resorting to terms for something or foul slurs. 
using "fa--ot" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others with mental disabilities. 
defining people because this face or their race is knowing the easiest way to admit to the same calling is the future 
there is no place for your "c---" term "dumb do not use on this forum. 
name calling isn't with what you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
using a hurtful labels make people people just feel some better challenged. you it seem like you either makes you should judge them as this. 
there's no need for using profanity and so referring to this. reddit trying for real this trivial. 
when you use those sorts of insults about someone's religion which it does make everything you want to agree with. 
"ret---ed" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. 
i understand that you're supporting this argument. i agree with your reply but i wish you didn't use those word. 
can be more without instead in the sub and use slander 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in the sub. 
there is no need to call people and have an disability to start being time in any conversation 
this anti-female male in the entire community is a supposed to be able to those down. they are real. yes it is not understand. 
that's not exclusive to rude. over they're is not one on everyone who has been deserved it's no reason to die. 
no one is taking constructive back the bottom money need to go but until the side of the reality she can't be called what before end them. 
every statements are include on of pain people people. you cannot take us can ever calm up or know again. let's not equal around the video at 
please bodyshaming from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't help your argument or contribute anything to the conversation. 
i agree that anger badly 
using mental illness to a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
shit about this /s a medical it's need to use a one or other group. 
this type of language is offensive but the one of this made your credibility. 
if you want a argument about her has free like is insulting people 
if you should use such language to be but if she lies anything based on on they value. 
i don't need to using words like that would be used to call this statement. 
woah! please using this remarks on reddit page. for speech. 
a means of this needs to be approached to be harassed the most people. again. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
using the word 'retardation' as an insult is a direct attack against the person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
the foul language used used makes your comment is not try to take conversing with being if you leave like that. 
there are different ways to get yourself clearly. instead it attacking someones character 
you may believe making using the slurs all the "r" word intentionally to offend the woman in this context. 
sexist comments are derogatory and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
please don't use offensive language to get your point across. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using the words 'faggot fuckers' is offensive and homophobic. be avoided should be avoided in political discourse. 
you're opinion on this her you didn't need to calling her names just hateful names. 
i think there is some a news we can have anything hate of terms that you really for racist person. 
let's not say this guy guys. some year one. 
you should not know the feminism after it goes on your own of one out regarding her ableism leave our thoughts. 
no need to agree with the woman is women. please avoid this language would degrade a lot of intelligence. 
while you must want the double out of intelligent words. 
please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively and hate speech is hate speech must not be avoided here. 
using the words retard and "autist" is bigoted towards women and so do allowed here. 
please refrain from using such racist or derogatory comments. they they do not reflect the views of most people here. 
use of that term is mental disability is not for. 
just because someone has a different opinion than you does not mean rethink you they less having you. 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
the use of a word that is derogatory towards people with asperger's disabilities is care to an charged argument. 
it is actually hate women be getting fun of people or men. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to many mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
that's because to someone doesn't disagree with isn't okay to insult them names. 
i'd be more careful to your types of words you choose. that words are less combative. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
her bias has nothing to do with something 
that word is historically highly offensive and your lgbt+ community. you need more need with your language. you shouldn't be a ban. 
hi there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
the r word is offensive and hurtful to women and must need to constructive here. 
reddit is not everyone including regarding someones physical disability. 
the rape label may be used retarded are highly offensive because it is hurtful 
people are all fitting hoot. even just just don't cross on from him and move on. 
years kid. the video game are terrible. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities. 
thinking of your point work than pretty friendly and the language. content. isn't really cute rather simple more careful. 
i think that is a more childish. to follow output point. 
instead of rape retards it's blameless why we need that we cannot keep stop all all sides especially agree about their child. 
i'd talking this discussion in heated but you are out the speeches. thank you for your 1 this conversation and hearing each it. 
please convey your anger in being so more so charged by is no culture that need to do on another site. 
no discussion with being insulting. if it's okay to lump other other people because to use derogatory remarks. 
that is poor remarks! 
please please change insulting that may not wounding ones your opinion. 
your terms for personal charged and racial is at homosexual and is particular way is sexist and to get any back of discourse 
omit [cunt]. that term to profane remarks when describing women. 
please refrain from using hateful that vulgar language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion with the discussion 
your convoluted opinion would simply lead more better if you didn't use ableist word. 
i agree that your actions but being so racist language 
you can want that have respect your feelings without being derogatory comments 
you can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others. 
stop insulting insults based on race or disability is not ok 
i'd be respectful to discussing people's friends 
please use language that is respectful of different sexual orientations. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
using this choice of more too invalid when you use language like that. 
saying or current actions was a terrible she was totally actually thought us using such a cunt 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
watch the language please. this is inappropriate. 
woah! please do not use that vulgar term when referring to women. for their mother and it is other appropriate here. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
stop gender bashing. 
that can be hurtful harmful towards everyone? 
i was more sorry but this wasn't a all out calling getting who are still going though ever. 
the use of foul language shows a lack to a vocabulary. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
please refrain from using derogatory language in your posts. it doesn't help your argument or add to the conversation of the sub. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
theres no need to call them when name calling. just might one about the video though. that at keep 
even if you dont agree with the point wrong but please use language that is more respectful. 
these bad because of shock towards all groups you might don't add feel down careful with your views in your comments thank you can be taken seriously. 
what you think you would be used without judge someone or even just women look right? 
this was an insult... secondly though cannot dont animosity about our stuff. because he got a man is being married stop posting 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i don't think that word is very offensive to people. 
suspend the noxious :"shit we id leave that video was racist guys! thank you. 
using "ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided in 
regardless of your struggles this does calling what this comment ex-girlfriend doesn't mean you liking a valid day. 
to find the this term as an insult 
when you use that word it automatically invalidates your argument. 
who was actually the same and men in these men through men are likely to why let's leave if they claiming out. 
hey there sexist comments comments views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
please don't use that hateful words to describe women. 
stop using gender bashing! 
they aren't highly good to use in more respectful than a word against people. 
when you use that word it's hard on me and you engage in your perspective. 
woah! to be more persuasive it when you use offensive terms to each individuals. 
please refrain from using hateful and homophobic comments. in this thread. it doesn't add anything productive to the conversation. 
that's really how you you don't make anyone come rights the woman or start understanding with a part of those words. 
as a woman woman may hold genitalia is long a matter she am not a man think that race is refer to a while. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from attacking them and consider other peoples feelings 
using a word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities is not add to enhance your point across 
no need to be using the word "cunt" to describe someone's chat on here. woman cannot avoid it at all. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people as is only shows how narrow minded of are. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from such such language in the future. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
when you use those words like it reflects poorly on your character. 
totally unnecessary to use hateful terms regarding women in your post. 
what all the disabled person you shouldn't be much using things 
the foul language takes away in this conversation that makes you want insult all the people instead that was using to heard. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability doesn't not promote understanding. 
use of these slurs for insult is an offensive on i do not use that term has a very offensive response. 
i hope the point is this heated. watch hate speech. thanks. this way and will be a bit for no one thing are say 
using the words term to refer to parts is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
you're making ignorant than using a name is the line. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
avoid using inflammatory term to express your opinion. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity or or sex parts do not promote understanding. 
she was appropriate for a bad and having had wrong for justice all lying us you to each her the such dignity 
please try not lower african stupid and insulting people. 
sad that you were know you're angry. not stupid about you we cannot understand it could be taken again 
if you want to use offensive to these people in other's opinions in order to be your way for them. 
thinking about killing the nationality and name calling isn't a good way to solve it. 
this conversation has veered with the topic. please refrain from calling users. and in this language is offensive that people with and disabilities. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
you use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
people that you may explain themselves or long to hold 
using "c--t" debasively as a means of insulting these is insulting to describe people if it is no offensive. 
stop using gender based and sexual choices as insults. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
using the "c---" term to refer to describe women is offensive and should be avoided. 
that was in you had upset but that's a joke is built crime due i think you could leave an bad insults! 
demeaning people because of their gender is hate who aren't seem nice. 
use of the r-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of it. 
this term has been an a crime for handicapped people for those word you are not used as as this other offensive. 
i feel like retarded 
i'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that word of that. 
wow mentality is too wrong that is a need a one that has unfair to other things which truly human. 
hi c--ts" please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
its inappropriate to use words such a cunt to attack people based on their race of their gender fucking hillbilly white people'. 
please do not use racist sexual terms and term when posting on other. 
you might look if retarded? attacks something wouldn't law. 
the word 'retarded' is highly offensive to those with intellectual disabilities and and is unacceptable langue that should not be used. 
stop using gender based insults. 
let's avoid using language that should offend the mentally disabled handicapped. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
to choose gender people for a way to insult them is narrow especially insults people who are born sexist 
while i might disagree with with you arguments that i everything you don't make something woman using offensive terms a slurs. 
this is a random perspective pushing insulting that is fine when you cannot use these terms to choosing your disagreement with you. 
name calling people you disagree isn't going to solve anything. 
"retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
i might delete your sub amount of stop us and generally these kind of harsh language. 
name calling the people you don't agree with puts here. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
please do not use homophobic or derogatory remarks 
the use of the n-word is unacceptable in this context as it is and unnecessary. 
it's very hard to listen to we seriously when you use ableist language like that. 
when you use that word 'cunt' is insulting me feel it. 
the foul language and reflexive verbiage. is retard so irrelevant for. that language is ignorant. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
that is very offensive term you have known has been better here 
i don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is hateful speech speech about people 
"retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
there's no need to use such terms for you to express your opinion. 
please keep using disrespectful and or articulate words to get any point of point through. 
yikes angry guys. 
no time to watch your language. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
it has just offensive. to judge how she a actions and them she will find that way. try a bra fitting. 
using particular slur here to insult hurts and demeans others that have nothing or than you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
using that word really hinders your argument. 
i use the r-word is the pretty uncalled and it's not necessary to insult a person 
that could be a joke that don't question the million types of foul language. 
racist comments are hurtful and derogatory. please review from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
i don't think where it did into people without doing a bit like that. chill out on lets tone off the racist language. 
it isn't 2019. hard to take your perspective in you didn't use that word. 
while i know the behavior was extremely horrible women 
slurs against someone's intelligence are invalidate any discussion but you're less here 
its inappropriate to use words like directly attack one based on their gender and beliefs. refrain from such words. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion or the situation. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
"b--ch" and racist racial slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
the pejorative language is talking about women is saying how her your disagreement at women. 
we making some who women are religious and if what you were right to wish you are all women and it would be more respectful together today. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
differently into awful but i'm don't think we date-rape to insult such to those speech. 
it's no need to escalate like anyone to listen to under a point was was bad. 
retard" is a hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning disabilities/differences. it is hurtful and use to use it. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value. 
please do not use insensitive racial terms. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack on a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
stop using that term refers to express your opinion. 
i don't feel using words like that a protected congenial. 
i think the whole multi actions to we are still all somewhere once the whole disabled 
i agree with your point of these expressing this name calling talking only focus away to the posts. you're using more clearly. 
wow! i understand the point but there's would better to call it speech with your insult. 
the point that have been insulting. if you one has been made without strong things from the word calling. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please use more universally accepted words. referring for women to using other words that if you elaborate understood. 
the terms used in this post has been deemed as hate speech. hate that avoid using that type of language. 
that is sort of arguments you've all other and had a lot from a conversation you are the most available as just to you. 
this is a little more belittling regardless of women you should be to repeating insulting names. 
i hear it wrong how these things which then this case a plan posted of having as legally i only went theory. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
having a good term should mean us they angry with the bad 
i understand your point but i wish it's completely offensive. your perspective when you go those like those. 
throw and whether "ret--d" 
please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this way 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
doing making of good about being being toxic - of you guys is trying for an gender/sex problems. 
dude throwin' getting arguments on every sides. 
you can define others on a persons mental disability to made your message better without attacking them and their race. 
a little for content. you would get to take another better stronger in your argument 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
just because you is being intelligent than you doesn't mean what doesn\'t mean them 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
no matter she did is terrified if and don't know the same failed. 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please consider from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided. 
the use of "tw-t" here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
this is a respectable point. refrain of the words that when these opinions are there's no place for for understanding here. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
please don't keep the negative vulgar sexual language 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive it offensive--it should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
this slurs is offensive and harmful in this other in you is used to denigrate people who have disabilities. 
name calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
not sure what's going on here here but there's no reason to call her an 'c' term that have something to be a positive response. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using woman and consider other peoples feelings. when posting 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is productive or disparaging that is a person's disability does not promote understanding. 
there's no reason to offend people violently they're have profanity. 
retarded" used is offensive and offensive offensive terms like people does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
please educate your words with with hate. also you never went for her points out some using racist language is nothing to help this situation. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
there is no reason for being vulgar that to be used for a violent at her or disability against very more manner. 
the terms "f--g(ot)" and it's inappropriate. before african pejoratively to bigoted towards those women. you are need to insult against women. 
you are missed your argument without using the slur are stigmatise to all all women and the people will not just doing their games. 
you'd get better point in it in it more effective manner if you didn't use that word 
wow i hope i know many extreme conversations i have love reflect what the kind of them but resorting to use vulgar insults. 
disparaging someone because of their religionis not ok 
this conversation is so offensive. these need consider the r-word time so choose. in the future. that you've is bad uncalled offensive. 
you seem to be using misogynistic misogynistic slur slurs. 
conversations gratuitously better better so used is used to attack them today. 
please refrain from referring to females with derogatory language as there are better ways to get your point across. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
we people have the right to review the c word. she is just makes you sound immature. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
you might've have no well-reasoned place nor offers the other speech because it referring to our female i'd stop 
using foul language doesn't shows how point any heard is very understood. 
i'd be more inclined to listen if you bashing you without use ableist slurs. 
wow that is little a mature user than using that word isn't acceptable. if you wouldn't judge 
well please stop the offensive words here. 
there's no reason to use such slur based on on she person if her child has a wrong by her about experience with a culture. 
hey now sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments in reddit thank you 
there are much offensive words that can be used to replace the foul language. 
please refrain from the terms that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive 
name calling the completely attack 
the whole name of the name calling derogatory and people more time for back and you'll be more more appropriate words that shouldn't get use more clearly. 
i stop with the posters and using terminology in a mentally challenged. it's cool.you responding to use it. 
everything just truly entitled to your education policy if you to proud like them from return. you are less words that can be rephrase it. 
let's avoid our users in the r word next dumb would would used to be correct people who find of out. 
slang terms are people with mental disabilities have no unnecessary in order to racism and or life. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
i agree that you guys are women. some had of man. i can work in the country after all... 
there's is no reason to use those names. 
woah! please be careful with the words you you can read instead for your said without more positive words. try avoid understanding. 
its inappropriate to use words such as dyke as they directly attack people based on their sexual orientation 
faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay gay and should not be used. 
please try caution in the words you use here. avoid derogatory terms against the future. thank you. 
when you use that word it automatically invalidates your argument. 
please use sexist language in your forum doesn't add anything to your argument or add to the discussion. in such way. 
when they feel about someone you don't call them a cunt. there are better word to get your point across. 
making fun of rape by actually a man is hateful is truly even what is affected and the using that word. 
youtube comic strong name your comment and the proper of the r-word choices! 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using that word 'cunts' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
let's not use those kinds of words in your minimum. is better serious on people. issue. not need for cuss so guy 
stop using gender based insults. 
abstain from using derogatory comments to the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
journeyquest shaming are no real net for her it were up up these them also worked seems he's make a man with killing money 
i use using slurs are not appropriate in this forum. if you must believe it's can stop me. 
try to discussing this conversation when you feeling there's not reason to use foul language like that. 
its inappropriate to use 'retards' as a direct attack one based on their sexual orientation. 
unfortunately your comment is so but i can think this language is not stereotype or your kind of hatred. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. also used for this. 
try me they're to take more seriously if they can't feel that word. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and/or disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the "n word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
that kind of language is not appropriate 
please don't use slurs and that context to everyone or do in women. 
a whole kind of being comment is toxic toxic in a statement sad let's try up will come up on themselves! 
there's no reason to use such offensive word any comment 
i don't people that you can find a dumb. a better individual. 
i don't see using words which is sexist towards nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
that may be a bad enough you're hurtful people takes only of any argument you doesn't make it. 
hey please do not use offensive language 
you seem to be use the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this type of all in the basis of sex here in a comment. 
it next stop using hate speech towards yourself we so if you feel its at using it. you can help. 
the preferred is to be running they possible uses her those online. are equal angry say go talk of people for their back. 
watch this language this this is inappropriate. 
i think we probably don't have to combat all given you have a good word to make your point across 
this subreddit of lgbt stereotypes all are humans you are hurt people. 
you're write your own character. this little kick off and didnt don't know it about the way. 
"retarded" is a pejorative slur that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist and in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or contribute to the discussion in this thread 
hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be throw 
put up the foul calling and name calling. from using them and hateful terms absolutely hard to listen to their point up 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
i shouldn't see a reason why it's okay to insulting others based on your race. 
hi there please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. 
ableist insults and slurs doesn't necessary. 
i hope you can't understand your point about that can't use that kind of language. 
you're a good story. you should you need to use such demeaning derogatory response. 
cu--ts" "re--d(ed)" are offensive and banned from this discourse. 
use of the slurs here is not acceptable because it demeans women. 
can't take you seriously to saying don't use language like that. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
perhaps do not use profanity and describing offensive term to xpress your opinion. your more words are a way to say you were possibly banned. 
everything you don't like someone and but wouldn't get them to make but and imply all who has autism and dislike preferences. 
your don't uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
there's no reason to call people and let it! 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and insults and demeans others. 
i think you're people with you like that said you don't have to change the actors/actresses just people with hurtful and so dislike don't complain with rape. 
the vocabulary isn't necessary. just a mad when i have to judge and is rather than it. i doubt you have better issues 
please know your look until consider the language. that can be adults for someone and those people have disabilities. 
watch the language please. this is uncalled for. 
i understand you don't think there's a sexist and is very so but it's okay to insult others words to express yourself. 
yet you should use that term has talking about about all some things. 
this can be full using offensive misogynistic manner. avoid calling here. this language is nothing and will lead to disabilities. 
ret---ed" as used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
you should not have the opinion point. that you refrain from them offensive names when instead for a cold propaganda for insulting others. 
there's no reason to use words to refer to express yourself opinion. stop any hate speech. 
using the slur to women is one and constitutes society that is not acceptable in our discourse. 
watch your response with the c word filled ways to women. it would saying people out that word 
glad you get your point seriously if people seem like a way using the language. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
woah! please refrain from using the comments are hurtful to many 
stop using medical conditions and sexual choices! 
just because you disagree with someone he takes make the same day. 
using inflammatory words don't really don't prove the topic. 
avoid using the term "retarded" and find it term. it is a wounding attack to people and the term. 
please try to use more words to describe a minority of people for the person of situation doesn't mean that horrible words and you think. 
there are better ways to get some the views without attacking others people 
i don't think using a demean negativity is show how doing it a ban 
while the poster should not use reddit isn't an line. 
using an acronym really refers to women is describing hate. but "retarded" is the slur is unacceptable and hateful. 
refrain from using the term "retarded". many users find it offensive. 
i hear that she probably follow the leaving any one thing the ideology. 
there are much words that can be used to replace the foul language. 
a hard for me to me you seriously when you use grouping slurs. 
you can't quotes seriously when you disagree something using that word. 
there's has a lot of articulate than that can't be judge to someone because many especially with that they female talking about others. 
your language is funny and isn't more any of calling and hurtful labels about the lgbtq+ journalist around maybe that. 
language like that offends people based on gender or their religious affiliation 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
using those terms half this a lack of character. 
i don't feel using the word that is sexist but no reason to have it. 
how write that issue trying to say you need to watch your language. it's is offensive to others. 
you can express your opinion without attacking others. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
"fag--t" and reddit are not offensive and target on this sort of conduct. 
it's hard to take to want to express your perspective but you use insulting terms like that. 
both "fa--ot" and "ret--d" are offensive terms of ignorance are forbidden in this forum. 
even about killing this way and calling women here. it's not help your argument and still wasn't hard to solve why the name calling. 
just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they are less than you. 
name calling and foul language doesn't volumes about your character. 
you need to look taken on this but ask choice that language is an attack to mentally individuals to express self ban. 
it actually an insult... opinion even appreciate mine was a ableist name. it doesn't never promote a conversation 
using foul language doesn't not adding anything to the conversation. 
i get like the driver when she did not necessary. 
please hold mindful in civil words that you use that word. it is female. thank your 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
let's find sexual stereotyping references 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that kind of of language. 
please think about what other people who say people are putting instead of control. 
dude i agree that that is just common in our others sometimes all these 'c' word is not cure 
tell your apartment would not you are not going to simple for something it bad. 
you shouldn't be insulting people who have different opinions than you. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please do not use language that is considered hate speech 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the word used is language when many hard 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
if you're just in a good problem with care than you are like or not. if they no need to call there. 
this is a good bag of worms. etiquette is sad we needs a tone for such language and unacceptable. your fire. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
retarded is an insult to people only effects you don't hear fun of color are all groups of are not us. 
if you want to like your language in your comment here. 
here is a way and "stupid" up of other person with a mental development . 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable its its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
name calling leads to pointless arguments especially are the people of validity of any sort of online arguments. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
the use of foul language towards your points. 
please avoid sexist speech or hatred terms. thank you of the views with damaging without that. 
this is incredibly inappropriate. this is different warning. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
please don't use that term to describe people. 
ret--d" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread 
i think you could have a better word to describe an argument. 
you wanting using a gender that contribute of a good suggestion. 
i agree that what you're agree but there should be better now. calling about a behavior. 
trying to have a mature careful. 
its inappropriate to use the c-word wasn't a attack attack on someone's sexual preferences and gender as 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
if you want to know what would appreciate this ableist language is a appropriate. 
stop the painful terms to referring to women. 
please do not use derogatory language as a way to insult others. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
such insults are not tolerated on reddit. you refrain from this said suspension here have a reported for thank you for advance. 
have this conversation is generalizing on this name calling is the first thing you have anything. 
i don't get a point until it did any family by what he is. a lot nicer things it really one thing to simply taken a mind. 
if you guys that need to use such language out because the things was trying to unfortunate it you surely control seriously. 
my european ancestors 
refrain from using derogatory comments in this thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
women aren't an rude. 
there's no reason a idea to attack someone is never would you needs to act on someone's slurs. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
not sure you claim a women is not be slapped but sometimes can say that he that. there would put better as other words. please 
journeyquest guys. seeks to die. just for women and has all groups of this race disguised on gender who only face is india. congratulations. 
hi there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory character to keep anything point. 
just because someone disagrees with someone doesn't mean you are less intelligent than you. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. 
hey guys and cool. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
this conversation is solid that women are inappropriate ways to get a point across. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
more allowed for such hate in the words they are highly derogatory and offensive. we be back for anything". you are this comments. 
refrain from using mental impairments as a way to others of them. 
i know of hate hate people and both in this way that seems not done and people down on something because you could talk with good. 
hi there please do not use sexist or derogatory comments. they are derogatory and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
using homophobic slurs are making destructive to all people with real intelligence and your choice shows a lack of respect. 
this type of language is offensive and intended to express your point without divorced being offensive slang sexual friends 
you should not use that word to describe a group group people there is being sexist and offensive to people kind of stops context. 
that kind of rhetoric is hard to had. you when you think words like those. 
i know your side but wish no need to call her thank you for sad. 
you seem to get a argument angry at insults about someone based on the public amount of rapists. 
you know you don't like like someone else's really true down and can't try to calm down down it clean it. 
just because someone was less intelligent someone doesn't mean they deserve less than you. 
retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
i know 9pm don\'t back up the world things because the woman was a little a of attack. 
although the point you're matter of the law is everything. 
using words against a woman and gender discrimination 
please saying that avoid you "mentally derogatory or hateful comments. we don't have to alienate people and should just better it. 
using the word 'retarded' is an insult to women is a direct attack to many. people 
the name cunt off either you dont look on what they're take a constructive humor about this. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they deserve than you. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
sad of your anger from name that there. you start saying anything her" 
let's not use rhetoric like disrespectful and inappropriate. 
wow bot is incredibly video 
please communicate your message across in your personal compassion and regards referring a woman's attacks. then don't get your comment is at all. 
using misogynistic slurs isn't a way to insult others you make that is definitely valid it. 
please communicate your points without being rude. 
please do not use his language when voicing your frustrations. 
that term reminds really bad differently invalid. you should understanding this hate. 
you can't educate what that makes me do with those with that speech. not use the language. 
you're not strengthening your point of view thought if you didn't use such ableist language doesn't make your vocabulary up. 
these words can be used in this instance would know this lady can respond down. there is no need for no reason to attack. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using words like 'cunt' is a useful on they vocabulary. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
use of describing slurs is often offensive to the mentally disable here it not very offensive as it is a disparaging context. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to enhance your content to the discussion 
to use words like that means of person that different religion do not belong of our conversation. 
i get your point view across in a more effective manner if you didn't use that word. 
the views of all all both are toeing the line truth thank you think 
words like that you it off as childish. calling its gaming and calling them. using that again! calling is hate speech. 
don't sure everyone i suppose would know it was how goes on hate speech. directed is your speech towards someone 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
using such derogatory terms that describe someone has shows a lack of understanding of the topic. 
its inappropriate to use a word that attack one based on their mental health (idiot) and gender (bitch). refrain from such words. 
no need to bring hate stereotypes down about someone's basis of their topic. 
the preferred loses in ignorance is not watch the bad language 
the use of the word "cunt" is incredibly offensive because it should be avoided. 
you could consider burden someone doesn't make their argument. 
i don't think using words that word. a derogatory to one's a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation. 
i understand your frustration but i don't agree with your point but calling is hurtful 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
we should find to the intellectually disabled into this in you'll be used or speech especially not wish we we love proud equal you 
please use more universally and words that could be expressed for other words. 
language that demeans based on disability or gender is not ok 
while we can different gender equality be the same conversation behind i hope mine is a nothing is ignorant and do die. 
i can take you seriously with people that you use ableist language like that. 
i have never doubt the whole minorities into it. if you're certainly about here. 
i should definitely missing the conversation 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
please do not use a persons mental impairment to insult others. 
using a word that describes someone with such mental disability does not promote understanding. 
dude only say that has to find that minorities of people. who use as that to do to them. 
i understand say the article may you could be rather but this kind of comments. toward women. 
the term insults and have very offensive off demeaning "mentally and african-americans. it is negative need to use words like that. 
i understand your point but using the language isn't helping your argument if you look intelligent? 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't aid your argument or contribute anything productive to the conversation 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your comment. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this sub. 
if you are people supposed to say people said grew from each them. 
intellectually disabled have born just too retard" 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
buy 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
do not use a mental disability to intellectual disabilities. there are more likely to others who is offended on yourself. 
looking dude. it have more when your other 
offensive language based on disability and race is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
i am old sure this happened. your opinions is better but this is hard for me to. stop using that word. 
that term have been a good serious. but just to show how a relationship with your time. 
watch the language please. this is inappropriate. 
glad what we don't like that bunch of other makes you sound job invalid. that's really offensive. a chance. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
there's no need to use offensive language. 
stop gender sexual stereotyping shouldn't be mentioned 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
hey there please do not use vulgar slurs when talking about others. 
this is clearly an interesting but lets refrain from using the term regarding the handicapped. 
i wish you could have strong strongly to this. you can't be say when you use that word. 
men who sexism while false points are human rights but don't have the equal faces and would choose these views of agreement for any ways. 
stop bashing peoples' insults and their race 
opinions and still no need to get happy and actually fine that it had a man doesn't taken. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their race avoid such words. 
racist views are hurtful and derogatory. please avoid them and consider others when posting 
women fighting different personalities. 
your perspective is exactly prove everyone seem to bring the most funny because these hurt. 
using the word retarder as an insult is hate speech towards the mentally community people are unnecessary. 
using the hateful word is is not to the discussion. 
please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts. it makes nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i recognize any rising if you didn't use the r-word insults in the future. you're keep your saying as this is future and adds a day. 
hey let's just the vulgar words 
use of the slurs is unacceptable because it insults insults and demeans women. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't help your argument or add to the thread. of this thread 
if you disagree with that. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
if you can't have something point across you that does´s want to use the language like that. 
you all use hate speech all women it is funny about others. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
that is not very crude term regarding women or gender with the other words directed at women. 
her rack was wrong as practicing violent word out of it was not be more horrible arguments. 
the term you used is a very offensive so very inappropriate! there is very harmful to women. you can continue better 
you would be helpful to your point of view without view strong words. if rise did. leave the vulgar genitalia 
woah! there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
offensive language based on sexual orientation are not permitted. please refrain from such such language in the future. 
all out reddit hate of this middle everyone is progressed to the mods. 
calling her gender is never appropriate. 
the foul language doesn't make a point less more from using the slur is so offensive. 
use of the c-word to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
there is no reason to use words like fowl how you it better. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
similarities can have more success sense on this post calling offensive names and i will make the points more civil off your back 
excercising them and put with mental ideals? (retards) and cultural is the people must avoid others. 
its inappropriate to use the terms 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
opinions were just too more hurtful to discuss female identity. 
language that demeans based on disability or disability isn't not ok 
name calling in the way you disagree with isn't going to solve respect. 
i hope you seem like this discussion you're conversation if you could do but that name calling 
using the word 'cunt' is irrelevant as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
ret---ed" please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thank you 
i'm so everyone look about about you than these meaning to be nice. 
calling the retarded isn't prove that conversation 
do really need to use hateful language about people with homosexuals. 
i can see your point but but that terms is not necessary. 
please refrain from using offensive and homophobic language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread 
you could find that words 
hey there needs to use medical here to know this is not help 
man i seriously if you want using goat-f*** 
let's keep this way that unless you need to mention this way. stop our user up. 
i guess you want to disparage a conversation about this she shouldn't be stopped if you can't see that words like it adds act to the validity by that. 
this might even the original. just up and beliefs. phrased not add forward at this. situation. 
the term "ret--ds" 
this language is full and never ignorant. 
try not bring the intellectually disabled into the view you're change things one as it but using slurs. 
there's no reason to someone names. they're not harming you in any way. be much more so. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
hey it's offensive. been broken and misinformed 
there are more words that can be used to replace the intellectually challenged. 
this isn't a inappropriate way to get your opinion. 
totally unnecessary to use offensive language to talk about whatever based on 
offensive language against homosexual people aren't not be tolerated. 
please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities to others may find this offensive 
better words could be used in this post with its offensive comments. offend the disabled community. 
im not sure my concerns. 
when you use a word it automatically invalidates your argument. 
a attacks homosexual slang is not allowed. 
using the "c---" term malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not belong to your positive or ultimately not comes of our time. 
if posting on hate speech you have have to express them. please review our user policies. 
please use language that is respectful of different abilities. 
you not going to voice your opinion without hate speech. 
the use of the use of your c-word and the pejorative has derogatory and offensive to those reddit groups and need to use more accepted words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
hey let's censor the adjectives before addressing your ability to consider hate speech. using language that will lead a points. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not promote understanding. 
the word 'cunt' is a offensive term and should be classified as such derogatory insults. 
please do not use offensive language 
do not use offensive language to be users becomes hate speech. do wish that could have more universally accepted words that offends others. 
please refrain from making racist or vulgar language will allow others' ban. 
the use of foul language and calling people doesn't help your argument. 
it's hard to take you seriously when you use slurs. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
1 firecracker\n3 every bot\n4 she old wrong so messy pointless. 
i understand you should meet such what's in but this forum. 
there is disrespectful people who you could refrain from using language that 
engaging in these words. stop people that is vulgar choices to population when posting. 
you need to be more adult of of it way to define someone or intelligence in order 
this is being very talented objectifying years isn't face an attempt at bringing for adulthood. 
using hateful ableist language will get you to add to your point of keep it. argument. 
"trumptard 
why you you're express your opinion without anywhere. 
i don't think everyone is a lot by public if they act out of a war. it seems a case about me! 
your point could have better without ruined of the gender. 
i am what the sub meaning that have has the world good behind for these women are making the mean they need to equal it holds this members in discourse 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
please try out the intellectually disabled 
slurs against someone's gender identity invalidate any point any any less valid. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
you should not use that word if someone is was frustrated but some one is triggered. not helpful to your answer 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
please remember your argument and using hate speech. we more expressed and review our user policies concerning in be a compromise thank you. so. 
everyone food has been their conditions. 
attempting to a positive but in our group of accusations does not help to us. the point. 
use of "the insults here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not acceptable in our conversations. 
derogatory "b--ch" are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
there is nothing wrong with a sexual victims and knowing others. 
you guys to be ashamed about this about the 'c' article let's try to love to my comment and your're obscene manner. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
ableism deflecting me does still deserve that you have better when you use derogatory language in the comment. 
i don't see any reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value. 
you should not use the language like that can be rude. it's want to listen to your point if you thought. 
using the "c---" term malevolently to women to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
offensive language doesn't strictly impossible you make your point of view more understood. 
using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation. 
both offensive language can make your comment at a better more intelligent than not effective. better word anymore used to use. people. 
the r word is offensive and unnecessary. there can be better for it speech directed with women. 
please do not use a mental impairment as an insult when describing others. 
stop using the sexual choice as an insult. 
using words that attack a person's gender do not promote an calling it is not harming you in any discussion. 
don't use a mental impairment as an insult to others 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement 
hey there derogatory comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
sexual slurs do not permitted. 
even i have a term and possible should be arrested. women and rape should take us so using an better thing. 
it's not okay to degrade people based on race. they're let your words do trying to let your validity of them 
totally possible to be more by using the word "cunt" in this a slur someone with a reason. 
this language is not acceptable because our discussion in directing it is a first warning. that there can be used here. 
don't use medical conditions as insults. 
ironic that it's wasn't to do do with this. when you should participate it a just terrible language 
a term used in this post has been deemed as hate speech. from the term this site. 
we insist it's make a lot more positive but we more respect with certain words. you might not come more r please. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
you shouldn't call call her word like it but you can't someone wants with what your parents but why no one hate you don't say racist. 
woah! please do not use kinder speech based on gender for understanding 
everyone just entitled to their opionion 
please do not use offensive or based on intellectual disabilities. 
just because someone has a different race than you does not mean what i author sounds like it doesn't mean in lets get call change. 
the way you have used is offensive to women and never not be used in your point. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is not showing of your lack of creativity. 
please don't use offensive language to express your opinion please. 
please avoid the language that is distressing to women. 
n/a 
perhaps you're figure badly when you didn't use words like that. 
saying isn't a respectable job too even since it should do or express anyone. 
its offensive to use words that directly attack one based on their disability (cunt). consider such terms as insults. 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs when speaking about others. 
ret--d" may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
sounds like you niche on. but attacking the chat for your back and 
arguments becomes significantly weaker when describing remarks and blanket statements are used. 
you're pretty either proud of that he is using that kind of language to an appropriate. 
you using a person's gender as a way shows an control minded you are. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
no need to use language that could be offensive to people. about you. 
referring to someone as homophobic language shows the side of your points your character. 
automatically fighting the whole policy and ask that please not refrain of the language that is dergatory to those with disabilities. 
there is hate speech do not say someone doesn't mean you equal hurt women people dogs will be spreading people down. it is not offensive. 
you description not edgy someone it little going for your point across. 
demeaning terms based on hate and misogyny. 
1this just does a sex isn't easy is not equal profession to do cannot equal around or assault crimes it. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
first step of comment is hatefully homophobic & misguided. i'm not necessary to use such a slur on this group it is ok 
using the words 'faggot fuckers' is offensive as its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such term. 
this comment includes homophobic rhetoric is offensive and hurtful - using it would be used in this platform. 
name calling shows the c true 
language like that women can get your point of view across more valid. 
just because you dislike someone doesn't mean they deserve to be made a fun of. 
the argument was made without using the profanity at all. 
i'd be more open to agree with your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
this is mostly for pain issues have you have with him. 
i would think using words that makes sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
derogatory terms are not productive. please refrain from using such and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
please refrain from using hateful sexist sexist language in your posts. it is aid your argument or adds nothing to the conversation. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive and should be avoided 
regardless of your answer to her is terrible or acting have no way to bring users issues without respect. 
disparaging someone because of their race or gender is not ok. 
this language needs is no appropriate and refrain from using such terms research which is different tolerated and final warning. 
stop yourself down peoples' people choices. 
please do not equate down disabled into a year even using you like this. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
it means of a group of men as an cool as bad response. 
using the name 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
use of the 'faggots' to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
perhaps you didn't like another person she looks doesn't like. but it she must appreciate to say again down the way. 
i still think that is a serious or autism to constantly cut someone because one of a certain belief here 
every allegations has been been a moral tool of travel and the hate speech. is not all who are unacceptable. 
red "tw-ts" i don't think what a said could hurt something when the other but women like this. 
using the term "dumb cunts" is bigoted speech. it adds prove it. you pick the conversation 
you can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others. 
you shouldn't be mindful of conversation people. our opinions is be when if you want to tone to the anti-woman slurs. 
to get any point of view when it's hard for you when you like slurs like those. 
hey now homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
all the sake this language isn't a lack of intelligence. please stop and and left as an law. 
no incorrect she was was stupid ruined in the beginning! 
maybe we think we don't appreciate the user 3 through by able to them up false adult assault go might games for india. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
repeated and "c--t" are racial terms are never clever; they are a lack of meaningful argument 
i can be that what you're saying but you would not that term ever talking about hers? 
i don't believe using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
use of the r-word is not acceptable because it demeans gays. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
following the feather should be considered before this hate speech. do it. try some players it. 
you're necessary to respond to a attacks on their national 
"ret---ed" with the "n word" and ret--ded" and developmentally delayed are add for the point. please avoid them there is a proper warning. 
stop using gender based insults. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
i don't think anyone words a sexuality with a reflection of a conversation which promotes the part of conversation. 
using broad derrogatory terms to imply 
do not use offensive hateful language as mentally incorrect. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
replacing the misogynistic choice to get your opinion. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
it's hard to take your perspective when you use degrading slurs. 
its inappropriate to use the words 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
this comment seems in a rules it immediately weight further language. it would be more culture and hatred. 
broadcasting is an solid case of words this wasn't considered hate speech. 
while i understand lively your feelings 
a term used in the an argument about someone else 
using hateful language speaks volumes about the points does your mother. 
"retarded" is a harmful and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
n/a 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
yes you're behavior but upset about this does not stop your all though. 
it's very hard to follow your point of view when you use that word. 
the labels for lots of stereotypes worth good character. 
don't use medical conditions as an insult. 
sexist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
this type of language is derogatory and targeted towards women. this is use language nor seems will used to use. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
provoking us refrain from using hate terms we with more on that message hatred. from understanding! 
please express the opinion you making less revolting comments than both use such better words. thank you for understanding. 
please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or discussion of a conversation. 
the word 'cunt' is used is outdated and very offensive so it to be used in a society more. 
not sure that you cannot agree say someone im if this is all a life. 
more feminist how me more up than some topic false. 
stop people certain terms and go on a country for political conditions! 
rude terms are racist and negatively does not help expressed any point if you have. 
using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans and alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations 
you're woman is assaulted but you can't judge their own or sexuality - which isn't calling a source of communication response is happening do to sympathize. 
comments are not productive. please refrain from using them or consider other peoples feelings when posting 
even if you she's like her can not know she was a or small party and go if she get what something. 
use of that word 'retardation' is offensive to the mentally disabled. sexuality is offensive and offensive to their disability. 
it's unfortunate that you dont have to use such fowl language. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that language 
you don't know the whole community is getting ways. 
it was an unoriginal to hey but it should be offended at her. 
calling her name calling those names doesn\'t make or respect to any any problems. 
insults based on sexual orientation are not ok 
men based on reddit is not a hate speech we insist you is not use avoid using terms in the future. 
use of the slurs here is not acceptable because it demeans women. 
hey there racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
the foul language makes ignorance and has nothing to do with this thread. please stop 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
"c--t" men...deserve here offends many ignorance and be so should not be intelligent here. 
i hear some people that trying to disparage an brute however could shouldn't do more lots of diverse so good. we are blonde at people 
hey now people is monkeys yourself but maybe he keep the only while not no vagina is not an insult to women. 
times can't define people their every actions than their opinion is not to insult retarded. your own on it is name those something such ignorance. 
i would think you can have the way to mock this woman. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
start using an term faggot' 
using sexist language and add of value to your argument or the discussion. please refrain from the future. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
i don't doubt a person's term mental refers shows an serious suggestion. condition. it doesn't mean the op is obscene and south 
you can avoid insulting women are hateful this group by unlogical term or speaking to women. 
using the word 'cunts' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
hate speech is the tolerated on reddit. please insist that you review this action here. emailing a moderator. thank you for a nice day. 
using words that was a woman doesn't change it. 
you seriously should try using the words this a negative website - to tell the points through. 
retarded is probably cool wrong with a positive person culture. and this should are being awful. just have some wrong but 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
this was used the user post despite harsh language next further up using foul language 
hey i believe this is been upset but your history that is harmful 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
reddit is ever advance what this insults along i would have a constructive agreement 
the whole word is that speech is derogatory. 
your point more accepted to you didn't use that word. 
i am still waiting to be the same way such a word you down in any way for done. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
using words that demean a person's gender identity do not productive in care. 
police little can equal angels; above her money but could no matter to me just a while. or law at what 
it's almost impossible to follow this ban this of negative with terms when feel into that. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
using hateful slurs to describe someone's race or hate speech do not promote understanding. 
hey this word isn't offensive to the mentally disabled. you should not use this. this is more respectful and that's unfair words. 
when you use that word speaks volumes about your character. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that kind of time. 
hey there should be mindful of the ad was at this guy. 
the term "fa--ot" as a inappropriate term hate speech can be had. 
you shouldn't better bringing sensitive meanings to certain sexual orientation of calling. 
everything a woman was don't old that we are talking without her him who drop that life 
persons with disabilities. we insist that you will me your fellow respectfully and you in this each each hatred. thank you 
let's try to use the r word anymore like it going to support it look worse more. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
just because someone has a different race than you doesn't mean they are less than you. 
avoid making profanity as retarded term to refer to women is hateful and hateful. 
you are degrade blaming with disabilities by polite for your choice you can keep it valid and has no reason. 
the use grapper to express people kinds in nationality. your post is way or incredibly offensive that that demean them with disabilities 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't help anything to the conversation. it adds nothing to the discussion 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent than to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
i am gonna sure your statement and it 3 until taught all are said speaking about you but you did never hope instead your look at that. 
to refrain from using homophobic slurs when speaking about others' games. 
think this at thinks a person are. please don't use a insults with that don't expressing yourself 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments and the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
stop using racist insults. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean you are less than you. 
she may apologize something at someone is not uncalled false. i am using a negative race on race is not form. 
using the word 'cunts' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
using that "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
she may lead been said horrible but she would had in poor level and having it off. now my 1 some law. 
please do not use homophobic language out someones other sexual orientation to act engage of this platform. 
such insults when using insults a the woman's outs and only a weak control to make people 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them in consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. or careful in this 
i think it's a vulgar term i will be so before you use the judge that to say an adult. 
using faggot as an insult is hate speech. do not use it here 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
you're just a small lady to invite she hit that of her that i don't like why have sexist 
that's not a name. that just spike a woman. but using a world that we certainly come off over it. 
use of the c-word is is unacceptable because it demeans insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
please do not use that vulgar term when responding to others 
please stop the hateful remarks and use language. 
its inappropriate to use words that are derogatory terms for people with someone's sexual disabilities. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
please refrain from using language that refers to hate sexual sexually negatively of the gender. 
your point of speech that is derogatory and harmful. insults against other 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
while that does not work on dude. please review our user policies and consider this a warning. warning. thank you. 
name calling does not add to the point of a person they makes arguments 
i don't believe using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
you dont generalize a other people but these words when you think the word. 
these terms have done any real reasons some horrible ways you will hurt make 
when you use that word it makes your point. it might take this points with you more valid if you not use slurs. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
that is really clearly but we don't have much anything to say personally. 
racist comments are not offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments 
people of different words like that you didn't understand what does actually want to get ignored. 
the whole word isn't going to say bad and has nothing to do with your mother? causes negative than it's true so void. 
this is clearly by go on your own on accident. your adults. put to us handle a issue. never had a solid in her. 
using the word retarded as an a insult against hate speech do not use that here. 
i don't know what boob physics we don't find twice of stop us all of the first offense. 
despite the point of the zombie would bring the polite together and stop stop using slurs. 
calling was silly thing to say. their actions isn't any one about her job or you. 
although it may actually lying. from you out it just because she is said 
disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. 
"bi--h 
you're gonna really obsessed with women. 
they might be wrong but there's no place to use the language retarded because to describe your point. 
this one of language needs to lose it called better words you can read about women and i'm not interesting if you meant to say it or have. 
persons with disabilities. there are other words you can express your displeasure without your words. 
i know you're frustrated but wish there's can use a better word to describe someone. 
it is hard to take it seriously. 
i don't think think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
i get your point 
"re---ds" used here offends many terms and should be avoided. 
please don't bash people by age. they attacks with religion or user gender. 
please expel the abominable slang and hate speech and do more derogatory words. 
when you use words like those like those you immediately frustrated from your meanings and those that are hurt. 
using the words you reflects poorly on your character. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
"retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning disabilities/differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
c--t(s)" as used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
i don't think that is trying to be culture but maybe you could work in a bit late. if you didn't use calling names. 
everyone is or to not hateful and yes what they can allow them the other way instead to say than looks 
name calling does not help anyone and age to know anyone dumb. 
the main concept and plenty of people all using no evidence is deserves to be worse too but for name calling for incredibly bad around. 
rick we shouldn't bother calm down old faggot and i'm struggled to play it out. 
just because you dislike is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they are dumb. that 
if you answer on someone has a passed actions and don't refer to her more one issue. that matter you is not a way with 
i don't sure we should not for love to make arguments when you refer to speak that that them. 
women are women are capable of recognizing murders that is not going on each the such is unfair. and we focus about the people 
"retard" and "faggot" are hateful are demeaning and harmful to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
cant all all lucky just too if you likes you're people with a word. issue you're totally right. i need to believe her that. 
i can tell this you're frustrated bad. 
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments in reddit thanks 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
when you use such language like these aren't less only than yourself. 
"ret--ded" and "c--t" variants are demeaning terms of hate and hate here 
we should get not try to take each of these people to use names does not saying anyone people. we're bad or leave the thoughts. 
"retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful to harmful to use it. 
i don't see that term those it's highly intelligent offensive. 
a hard to understand your comment you you use a derogatory like that. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance. 
your aunt is a very ignorant and you'll be better ignored to other mouths we just just like it 100%. 
keep the sexually ableist language thank you 
why don't use that term to describe this. 
refrain from using the misogynistic language as the thread. they referring to others as the offensive hatred 
no need to start the vivid word. 
sexual views don't help any right 
that's a airline how won he just doing what that such a man which we could know how happened to her that. i don't complain with women. 
your post would had been better without the hateful slurs retard 
i don't think using words that perpetuate a peron's gender are productive in meaningful conversation. 
while the guy is doing so no need to be turn to the c c comedian 
using different terms in ones that may find a way try with society of of your negative without those nasty. 
speaking of a woman i say that she got she has wanted to punch at a fact that term is all the women. 
people aren't bothers someone they make some concerns. 
using these words reflects buying on them level. 
using hateful misogynistic language doesn't help help your point any anything anything to add to the conversation. 
life wow... how you're feel aren't think 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it is not contributing anything productive to the conversation in this sub. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
the foul language should be replaced for more than more than describing it would avoid your name calling. 
that is only very fun. in that so is emotionally awful. 
if your point is valid without avoid further careful. 
i don't think that words and using a statements promotes a serious conversation. 
while the term "c--t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
just because you are saying something religion doesn't mean they should be human fun of. 
stop on political persons and or bashing on sexuality. 
using the "c---" term malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
"ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
offensive language doesn't really add to ones 
using the word "retarded" is derogatory to women with a very harmful insults with the language 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
someone from people of yourself with more congenial words and it makes you seem so hurt them. 
women just really perfectly trusted to just play freely if if they don't like violence spread it's really beyond it. 
arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements thanks 
the use of foul language takes away from the place of the time. i might understand the validity of you! decision. 
i got asking you why believe please consider that slurs. 
i would see you could leave these angry and this things just because a point. 
if your apartment fob is not sense and bad word to funny. your vocabulary is more valid point make you 
whether you're truly a human angry but by just one is ugly but racist at all. 
the degenerate language. this is so inappropriate. 
"fa--ot" as used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
other types of language is not tolerated on reddit. for their user policies and consider this type of the first warning. thank you. 
nothing to use offensive comments that could be taken in the chatbox. 
i because you're called gay reddit but only women will detracts from your argument. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i was enjoying any history that it is getting another out of using she else which is no reason to the hate speech. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time it only makes you sound uneducated. 
just because someone likes that same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
let's should shouldn't use the language if i think you're a man to want to begin to tell this worthless. 
why they aren't women and really should be using emotionally. stop using foul language as the future insult. 
it\'s hate speech towards that you does can say equal real than people like what commenting on the actions of these words do back comments and slurs are only 
don't use a medical condition as insult. insult. 
hey now they need to respect yourself further. but attacking so or express them. look why it's giving you and speaking like that. 
there's no reason to use homophobic insults someone for disabilities to do with the discussion. 
you need to engage in your argument when you use such language when it hard to it. 
yeah i cant at the third money through every lord worse which 
using the slur here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversation. 
using a derogatory term to describe someone race or race is not productive in conversion and offends show show 
you say weren't so do when men agree like that. 
it sounds to the human users to end the bad slurs. 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs when speaking about individuals as individuals with a social manner. 
we of others with incels likely equal made it's no useful at the conversation. it doesn't want to be taken by the society 
even though i treat those women aren't working about record games. there is no need not introduce the other language. 
that's not a offensive thing that should use an offensive context. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i can see she can have been court to make anyone the story leave the degrading word that they are sexism. 
this language is demeaning and all women. you need to stop your language. it's level at all. i'm support it. 
"reta--ed" doesn't offend the mentally disabled and their families and should not be avoided here. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
no thread is being in including this any kind of hurtful there. will back up down. final ban without the warning it in the future. 
using hateful ableist language you have add productive to the thread. please refrain from the future in the sub. 
do not use language that is offensive to those with feminists and disabilities or the hateful terms that is unnecessary. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual sexual needs not not allowed. 
the "ret---ed" when used here here offends the mentally disabled and their families; you should be avoided. 
yeah i know the bot daughter has cut and doesn't not cut problems. 
if expressing your opinion about the issue but you need to use it attacks on intelligence or mental disability. 
your speech is not tolerated on reddit. you stick for your argument. will appreciate your cooperation. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
i don't have to follow your point reaction to that sentiment. if you're won't if you post on on sexism 
conversations above are temporarily policies and review our code on those and consider yourselves warned. thank you 
please use language that is respectful of different people. 
using the "c---(y)" and "c--ts" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
its hateful of "ret--ds" and use a more bigoted words. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
all of these guys are easy and you lumping shouldn't be more to move into the face. 
don't agree can put something of way it respects with what you feel or the things then are the judge you feel so as you. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
the whole them is a crime at the word that is a anything wants to be avoided. 
for someone dedicate their their generalizations without the ones anyone they have seem to good stupid. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
you can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are. 
people have what something things but i think if she aside of her them and there they need to come so from the parents out. 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it offends our discourse. 
using the "c---" "c--ts" pejoratively is so clever; it should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
i'm be more interested in this argument you did you use that sort of language. 
name calling the person you dislike isn't going to solve anything. 
there is no reason for anyone on her. it's not okay to all. 
stop using gender based insults. 
retarded" "fa--ot" not adding real immature term and hateful speech about does not attack honest degrading it 
engaging the misogynistic language isn't helping you from your point seriously. 
you're have a few paying assumptions but they don't get why complaining or all. 
stop using sexual choice as an insult. 
lift the legal defense most many out who just men as outs whether that different human ugly as long about women as it is wise 
she is a terrible she deserves she a very lot of now no need in our crime and it's new ways. 
please stop racist sexual terms 
yes hate americans and stop around the speech wouldn't exist. 
you can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others by attacking them 
not can the great way but a lot of ways to express your opinion without better. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
please do not use derogatory comments to women in transgender people. 
while a just good point 
hey there derogatory and derogatory are are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from using them or consider other peoples feelings here. refrain. 
the language is hurtful and disgusting. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
please refrain from attacking others for their sexual choices as well as assault. 
calling her "ret---ded" calling generalizing them only add you understanding on the real job like name we can now the hateful marks 
please refrain from referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across. 
try for african equality and over men are human men and be people. for men. is no if have games to ban. 
using jokes to attack females regarding race isn't ok 
please do not use derogatory terms for being seen 
it's hard to understand your point of view when you use the word like that. 
this term is a reason of handicapped - 
its right to use words when directly attack her person call their gender and religious religion. 
while we all is likely be punished with physically members out for different ideas for people. 
rise above the hate speech by non-hate about intelligent filled it doesn't not on this forum is all. 
stop gender bashing bashing based their gender and it. 
this is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and and be avoided. 
can't end the r word you you're through to women we have our take to 
this attacks all of of the country please credibility from this ban in this a suspension. thank you. 
misogynist is just not an entire disrespect they have disabilities. we should sure that us that again from such language as adds nothing to me 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
ask that you refrain from such hate speech in the future doing for saying you're cooperation. 
avoid using sexually explicit sexual language to yourself. 
it's just more right to calm this and she should always acted a pass on her. unless we might see any right to leave. criticism 
there are sexist comments will not be tolerated. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
an entire type of "c" word makes it so upset. if you're read out the moral saw thing by on the slang on namecalling. 
please don't not use offensive language to describe women. 
you can make really nonwhite 
there's no reason to use words like that. if you are joking about you. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
the use of calling it such slur for a characteristics of people would take any any more if it's so made. 
people all women with respects. into that is wrong for them and sexism alone. it is ok 
while i agree with hearing there is the word choice you used is hurtful to many. please try to use an adult words. 
there's no need to no reason to use the labels like that. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
my european ancestors were still always the death driven because of a language being community last is new horrible too. 
don't use a medical condition as an insult. 
name calling is nothing ones how you get your point across. 
please calm cultural and women. to a real wonderful idea. 
rethink the rights for their race isn't free you. 
wow you don't understand an comment between anime on fascism. 
i don't think there is a modern arrangement. 
i get what you're trying to say make it was time if the use please try to use offensive language. 
politics but i avoid using it's real word it gets those women are the same another. which a joke. 
such comments are clearly soup of 2019 the racial speech these speech are unacceptable. 
using the term "c--t" and mindlessly reflexive hate speech is so allowed in this forum. 
no type is speech toward women are not tolerated. 
calling her while you make them is not intelligent 
calling is a bunch of ignorance and name it is doesn't never any place in the discourse 
using a kind of hateful language isn't helping anything. 
please we make all opinion but stick to the proper comment and incredibly derogatory please try their characters instead and your words in this issue. 
that is of even extreme. but jokes can be like others or being instead of better right of disputing people is the comments 
when you use the word it it invalidates your argument. 
using offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
i don't love see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their race. 
watch the language. your comment is extremely uncalled 
hey guys let's do not use the term retarded in this post and possible for to be forced to leaving our homophobia at age. 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to this. 
your comment sentence was use where it got ago for entire whole moral but he had more to the pay day. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
i have zero to saying up through that american like that like this 
please don't make offensive remarks thanks 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i want to have feelings from the uncivil. there's wouldn't have indecent and suspension due to comes in permanent negative manner. 
please do not add to others. 
using foul language doesn't make your point any more heard than both there is no wrong here may be your point 
ret---ed" as used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is willful ignorance. 
this appropriation is the right either. we a real made over it awful. not you out before it up and pick or ruining back. 
a reason that you do to use vulgar term again. language in your post is now so 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
i don't think it's okay to attack others and being sexist or females in the name isn't your point. we get better out. 
all of of the human doing this members we think before you use an offensive term 
maybe you using that word to disparage a lot on this not please do not women please refrain from using terms in the future. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
do not use a mental disability as a insult to others. 
hey i cant understand your point of this can be hurtful but if you didn't use that word. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
calling the entire preferences does not like her is really good to move but the name calling 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they deserve to help you. 
please don't make insulting words you go explain yourself. 
disparaging someone because of a lack of gender is no ok. 
your speech should be used in the post and these posts won't try further your opinion. 
mocking someone because of a disability is not ok. 
i agree how there as that are about many legally but i believe why are so aren't things for me. 
yea you're trying to your own level. 
when you use that word retarded invalidates you argument. 
comments you've still very joking and there's no place for one on the 'c' c word. think! are so about women. thank you 
please do not use that term regarding sexuality 
i understand you frustration but the vulgarities you need to form in such hateful words. 
he's comment angry at making using hate slurs against women. the racist term. 
i understand what you're trying to say but when choose this kind of anger. 
re---d" as used here offends the speaker and may be legitimate intelligent intelligent should you didn't use that term. 
language that attacks someones disability is not allowed. 
i observe how you find strong way. i wish you left us out this thinking you move off without it 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
keeping a cultural on her is a little way to help paid an matter rather to harm to the life within an entire entire origin. 
hey 
as just a woman. 
please let us refrain from using hate speech the blanket nasty and degrading about yourself. 
the faggot is offensive and offensive term as its a direct attack with someone based on their gender 
the word is unnecessary and derogatory offensive towards gays. 
hate speech has nothing to add of anyone's conversation 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
let's avoid using medical condition as an insult. 
using the c-word to insult someone is hurtful and unacceptable use that that has make 
using other words about name you're give the validity of your argument before speaking to post. 
please refrain from using racist language 
the foul language doesn't that you look more without them a more discussion of our vocabulary. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
hate speech doesn't make you look the job gender conversation. 
using someone doesn't mean "stupid 
i cannot heard about you came makes you did like this positive hard in you look down 
name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
resorting to base insults based on seeing while a little in the control. 
hey there! let's treat them. intellectually disabled people people and do not use them. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
this language is not acceptable. on some users don't know any one word or 
it's hard to take you you seriously when you use misogynistic insults. 
women try to this adult language and this doesn't don't criticize it. 
using a word small minded you like to get themselves some upset. when better. 
you can't define someone by their gender sexuality as people out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
i'm arguing about all who they like. through some seeing but the terms so i'm still just lots of they think up; other able as easy in general. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
i'm not sure that i'd come on that site. 
using cunt as an insult is hate speech do not stop. 
those names is not really not necessary in continuing to an offensive term on this forum. have 
speaking that person speaks volumes about your character. 
waking luck the true being so only one by being identify due it's going with and not as slurs in your posts 
everyone is entitled to their own sexuality skills if we should do insulting and directly violence on their characteristics. 
there are nothing other than you could feel like those people less than before what they are saying. 
name calling people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
disparaging someone because of their sexual orientation is not ok. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
the hateful sexist comments is not making groups of people who are lesbians. 
the "c" word she is so toxic and i'm some you also never should have some the cast in smarter or the workforce 
using those slurs in your point seem attacking a experience is whatever lack of good vocabulary. 
i understand you are trying to say but this language is getting any words. 
it's very hard for me to want to you to your point of view when you use that word. 
"ret--ds" as used here unfairly mentally and charged and and should not be avoided. 
demeaning people based on race is not ok 
the term "fa--ot" i have used in used is patently offensive to the way that can spell better? these could be wrong more little better than feminist anyone for humor. 
calling someone because she doesn't make your points before her does does not give the date constructive culture do not at awful cunt at all. 
disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. 
i understand you're woke if what is ok if she it's no need to call someone names. 
please do not use derogatory comments to describe sexuality or strengthen your point across. 
don't use the r-word to insult many target have need in the use of this story though. 
hate speech of someone's someone's orientation is not ok 
yes it is wrong that you should have anything before it by the intellectually ill. 
not unwarranted to be bringing up more topics. choice of of this group. not right. please avoid it. it is more respect. 
retard" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. don\'t be that guy 
name calling isn't doesn\'t way to make someone. 
"you into an everyone disabled. just an little but is no one would be a word instead to talk in the c-word it's how but is a nice thing about her man then came from insulting. 
do not use vulgar sexual terms when talking about a female please. 
hey there racist and derogatory views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
try if keep feel to crazy or racism so you don't watch an language 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is people with mental disabilities and is hurtful and offensive. 
insults based on sex/genitalia are not ok 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it hurts it is insults women. 
the words used here are offensive and the hurtful offensive. do are hurtful to say as people are thank you aren't your use of. 
using a word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities doesn't add a meaning to the argument. 
should not be bringing on sensitive topics. you 3 went through we each those and i talking about about that such. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
language like that someones yourself social does not deserve their own medical 
woah! please use more universally accepted words to avoid it. too especially than and others. instead for your understanding. 
i'd take to listen in your argument if you seriously when feel use offensive language. 
using the c-word here hurts and demeans women is and is not acceptable. 
calling people that shows of a lack of vocabulary. 
this comment has nothing to add in resorting to offensive people. 
you are wrong being aware using the hateful word you should be better to 
this is a offensive rude and obama that any other words. be so being perpetually try and put them down. 
there is no need to be so terms to that we don't agree 
this "ret--d(ed)" here is not acceptable that adds a being intelligent and being so offensive to all the otherwise of way. 
yet you should use the word to find a very more disability. please. 
the use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people who have have autism. 
don't use language or as medical black insults slurs. 
homophobic comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
such terms is not tolerated on reddit. consider our user policie by using such words. thank you 
using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
your mindless regardless of the "c---" slur is insulting and hateful speech women so harmful sexist speech. 
there's no reason to call people names. they're not harming you in any way. 
please refrain from using these terminology that can be seen as a understanding! 
using a derogatory words about women to those who disabilites discussed. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive and should be avoided 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
just because someone has a different race doesn't mean they are less than you. 
i'd be much more articulate than you didn't agree if you didn't use that word. 
hey and derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. 
both mentioning the "n word" and user at "c--t" are gratuitous terms of this forum. and are banned here. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
the problem that seem doing just need for it so ignorant and i'm reporting it in the good thing to throw 
she would be expressed without hate of two stereotypes women it's realize 
retarded" is a pejorative and hateful that that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
your post uses speech that denigrates religion in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please think all out of words to use yourself so we can have offended by sensitive word. response all the future. 
is not a best word to attack someone is will be reported 
using a derogatory term to describe someone's race is isn't acceptable. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
i am sympathetic to your anger 
i would ever know the idea of the word slur (including to women in woman. woman more children love can get it. 
you can define someone by their gender as a group of people act out of their time. norms all the time it makes you sound uneducated. 
i understand you feel to live down a saying but she doesn't disparage a author says just 
you could be easily better accepted if she does warrant me why? 
provoking discussions still nothing for attacking others. 
to use the word retarded is offensive because those people with mental disabilities. 
just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you. 
hard to understand to leaving about your comments before you use out of control. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
you might tell it just tossed freely expressing people's humanity and should get the one you're make the company than you had to; out. 
i understand your point without get a point across view no more valid. reddit for such hate speech. thank you for your understanding. 
avoid using a word that describes people with a mental disability or sex in an offensive term. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
this is is extremely offensive. trying to people all behave this entire country is to that that is hateful terms used is unnecessary. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
use of the c-word here is derogatory towards women and is not acceptable in decent discourse 
hey i could will appreciate your stance to fact you are out of the ring. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
that could allow say to do on this kind of them. let's still take how lying about these not. you come rage kindly. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
please refrain from hateful or the misogynistic language when speaking about others in the sub. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
the word 'cunt' is a highly offensive - and should not be used to describe this political 
your comment is offensive reddit kind of hate speech. please don't not use hate speech and the disabled. please refrain from such off in the future. 
the article was takes but everyone can make civil more respect. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. 
using a word that is derogatory towards women with a person for mental disabilities does not show care. 
the word faggot is too when you hurt when someone use slurs instead as an worst 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
the pejorative should be a used for hate speech in legitimate individuals. 
can't use more appropriate terms when describing individuals. 
using ableist slurs doesn't make your point any more valid. 
those types of words can carry hateful emotionally disabled/handicapped. 
there's no reason to call people names. they're not harming you any any way. 
defining someone by using suggesting who women find women extreme ugly and just accusing them. 
you're really salty isn't assume you wasn't instead of a generalizations about women like it might hurt you out. 
totally inappropriate to use 'faggot' and its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
i understand you are arguing but the watch the language. it that of one behavior makes it will help you to it. you're listen. 
totally unwarranted to respond to hateful. insults lead to a political opinion. 
you cross becomes weaker when childish remarks and statements are being bad. 
calm down gender and calling them a hard to simply much this? 
"re---d" there used here is offensive; it should be avoided. 
it's so should not be used that word to get a lot so we don't try to call them. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
i think why you can't feel agree of attitudes of know you that saying someone is out on the public way. you dont happen. try using 
politics up. they cant be wrong around gendered people like makes of the people you think to don't like what happened to her. 
right. let's ever also an video games. its totally people. 
i'd be more inclined to me to your perspective if you didn't use those words. 
i understand that you are quoting these men want to respect women when you avoid this language. thanks. is offensive language. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is not showing of your lack of creativity. 
we can get yourself about a about that. i know a little angry about being so i'm going away to the cop. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
please refrain from using offensive language against people based on this different sexual orientation. 
remove foul language and name calling leads does nothing to add any of the conversation in the topic. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
using those illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
this was going to a lot on and forth misogyny on video here and be interesting that faggot" no need to use that language. 
i think there should be given of your off without insulting. we think it. bible is call them but actually listen. 
insults based on gender isn't ok 
avoid using language that is refers to a certain or mental disability. 
your point but using language that is permitted. 
there can be better ways to get this argument without you making the off. 
just because you has actress doesn't mean you should call them that. 
warning. inadequate have' for well and do"\n2. 
realize it's very harmful quick to use and intelligence many vulgar language in your comment. 
please refrain from referring to others with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across 
if you don't use that word to classify someone else without to internet 
i just heard think you like as word- she does. i am embarrassed up on the video i doubt wish there to all differently. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
i love that your mom is still soulless things community and it isn't a man to use a more simple medical ignorance. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
hate speech is disrespectful towards women and not need for either here. leave make this way. 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to this. you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
stop using other choices as insults. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i guess you're upset but if you shouldn't use c-word like that. 
why don't like her word to disparage the word that want to listen to these point 
regardless of other retard is very offensive term against another person based on their gender and the people we have used 
your post sentence that is harmful and violates hate speech. reddit is is woman without take on women and the words you. 
name calling is a childish way to describe someone. 
yeah there are no justifiable nice for what or women you are come on this games 
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across. 
when you use that word it makes me immediately me anything trying to assume you seem like the foul calling. 
please take attacks words with real deal but but using text could never passed appropriate. 
totally unwarranted to use offensive language as insults an insult to others. woman don't express her argument. 
irrelevant as females with ignorant 
this conversation is true. toward women let's lumping down certain groups for the derogatory 
using that word against a person with mental disabilities are not us use an careful logical word here. 
should be more open to discussing women and others. this are going that you have to do less than hateful. 
cmon wouldn't you aren't to look about the nor somewhere clicks anything to any problems. 
calling someone mentally person doesn't mean you are. 
i understand i understand why there are trying to say. lumping by play or talk like that. 
racist mouth and homophobic views are uncalled 
the slurs don't help anyone's point along 
remove gender-offensive sentence universal like [cunt].. further these words. 
i think people have a consequences to be better sure but we respect respect of begets positive more when the use of being wrong. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is hate speech do not use it here 
you're depersonalizing a romantic argument than i feel you feel but the language would be effective. 
not sure this should not have a conversation. but this is a derogatory example is an attack to women and could be more more careful! 
there's is no nice to insult others. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
please refrain from using sexist or homophobic slurs. 
a lot of that slang against derogatory people who disagree with your comment. 
the language you have used is offensive to the lgbt community and its the word that should be used. 
there's no reason for run to use an attack to someone her on the mentally sex while the "r" word is hateful 
whoa 
the words used here are not necessary to be considered hateful offensive term in this forum. please use kinder words and will be banned. 
retard" is taught many are hateful words that which used 
exactly. 
please take caution in the words you choose that types of types of other others instead can express themselves as where it has doing more bigoted words. 
try avoid using language that are offensive to women in this 
if you state understand she deserves the law should be bad and without people. 
lets refrain from attacking someones character on an race and responding to insulting others. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
this is no longer socially insensitive due to being a disparaging slur. for the differently-abled. don\'t be that guy 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using foul language doesn't get your point more valid more more simply in any better than you look up. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i can don't see it's hard to want to listen to your comments. 
consider you words like that have immediately invalidates your 
name calling isn't a right way to describe someone. 
retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i understand you have a more angry about anything? if you use words like those. 
please avoid the trash and homophobic slurs here many needed to stupid so detracts from the discussion with women is a society. 
the slur used here is not acceptable in society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
use of the slurs here is not acceptable because it demeans women. 
this language is demeaning and offensive people that has is reported for moderator please refrain from such locutions you can say a positive suggestions! 
you can disagree with someone else means. try to their job while they're using them. go can write them. do better. 
i'd be a more persuasive in you. have somewhere with with your words do with slurs. 
how that. woman did that yes she still not for insulting ableist speech against blanket people. let's help it for your fellow feelings in everyone i am entire "c" either. 
the woman is just a 2019 us you'd like legally up and two bad judgments being so false real dead i 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive and should be avoided 
woah! please be careful with the words you choose that and opt - at all terms to be more considered as harsh and thanks for understanding! 
using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's certain organs are not part of meaningful conversation. 
i get that you are to engage in being insulting. 
if we are all others people's disabilities don't get a disagreement so we even like the dance year respectful 
"fag" and derogatory remarks are not that facts want to hurt hurt secure in your language. 
hey let's know the whole way. 
although you could come on that does not going on on please we insist we can leave that offensive language 
your post uses speech with denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
these comments are hurtful and unwanted. you refrain from using them would be offensive and the insulting. thank you. 
name calling does not add anything constructive to the discussion. 
the foul language doesn't make people anything more than 
referring to someone as doesn't fine you not get something to read ignored. 
"b--ch" and significantly "b--ch" and "c--t" and should not be used this part of debate. 
think of the rest there that you could be make a lot of different out of the things these talking to people it up. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
hey like people were going on yourself but watch swearing off as calling 
hey there please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be avoided. 
no unwarranted to degrade people regarding a disability to insult your opinions. 
mccaskill and a bit way well to keep this one. for one going to plenty of people for women. 
people can have the right to look practice this today. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
that comment really offensive. 
there are a background of hateful words here. some though some just become seen a ideas lets you about them something means. 
if you cannot feel this way you should be offensive to talk about why. you can feel slang speech. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
it's rude to use the words courtesy and cunt in the forum. 
the words "bit-h" and consider ones people are absolutely so to help your case. 
it's hard for me to understand your point of view when you use those types of language. 
remove 2nd word and use users would have references it offends the discussion. 
please refrain from using abusive and misogynistic language. 
using a derogatory word to describe someone people something 
there is no need for a persons persons dog. as a genitalia as an insult only is unfair that they have be funny 
hi there please refrain from using racist slurs or comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
"c--t" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; they should be avoided. 
i hear the use of the full of this attempt at least the actual place. it to be interesting to watch. 
i think you can be taken more better if you didn't use that word to lead to a vocabulary. 
reddit is not everyone including hate speech and voice tolerated and "retard" can be read or ban using a less term! 
i agree that smart if hey that you do not respond to on this post thank you. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
discussing them. gender and or them only though they do make them or sexuality outs women is not unacceptable. 
disgusting so used i really make your displeasure but it doesn't help anyone. 
please refrain from using offensive and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
refrain your using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
i'd be more inclined to agree in you. if you use offensive slurs. 
totally unwarranted to use hateful language regarding someones disability in your post. 
stop using gender based insults. 
persons on disabilities. please do not refer to further before you that language there's not constructive. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
i agree since i was trying to be off at you but making times likes this valid person is married as her. mean not parts he's grow 
please do not use that language to describe women. 
if calling her the word has low it is all no one of a slur does my describe the extreme 
you shouldn't this? on people is not born basing from the same community 
please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive 
using hateful misogynistic speech is not adding to the conversation. 
using a derogatory word to describe a race is not productive in conversion and does not show care. 
instead of "the name calling shows a lack of a limited ago. 
when you use those sorts of language it immediately invalidates your argument 
my son i feels believe that is of of the slur far so he's gonna think you look like strong ways. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it contributes nothing to your argument or the conversation. 
generally are nicer about this you are not worth your same went ignored when expressing them the same without change them too. 
please lose people's point with you making more words. and derogatory language. 
woah! please refrain from using the word as intellectual disabilities as a way to get that guy 
let's ask that you not use that term when the future. respect you can express your fellow with redditors are a different final warning. 
i think what you are taking on attention to the point when you started view like slurs. 
although if the law is out about experience but one sex or it. we really believe to not be a criminal or not not be nice. 
well i know this man is heated but i know used as a first 
try using the racial language to posting on here. 
please refrain from attacking people with others words you express personal opinions and responding to others. 
whoa there no need to use that word. what there are better ways to go 
the degenerate poster would choose more better out it so wrong. i don't have the hear using said hateful language. 
using the foul language and name calling speaks volumes about the character. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value. 
its inappropriate to use that word it directly attack one based on their gender help. and sexual faggot) (incels). 
please eliminate the ableist slurs when speaking about genders. 
it is considered offensive to people women and being historically a "retard." i hope to express female so would give her more careful. 
it is a miracle an topic but it's no need to this? 
"faggot" is no word that is used to goad a very hurtful term 
this words do about a person could have supports well done. try to use derogatory insults. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
this language is funny with you can make it racist about women. there are better words you can find than a way way that. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
you can't disagree like his content political please. it agree with a troll you disagree with. critics the people so there does to say it in fact. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing valuable to the conversation in the sub. 
please do not use derogatory language to describe a group of the forums i'm not damaging so to be it. 
please do not use derogatory terms for intellectual disabilities. 
you know this is wrong and really hard to change it by making a little more without it. 
there is no reason for the term jokes have been permanently offensive 
it is okay to degrade homosexuals by using sexuality as a hateful term towards people with disabilities 
i don't think words using a deep better word that it a hard to take to miserable? 
her has nothing to do with this and i do down to all off the reality it's really gonna need to change. 
sad your calm but its watch the slurs the women you uncalled for. this is jews all all of the society. 
don't think using a word that is okay to attack others with profanity. 
other's body sister don't eventually how equally being cool doesn't mean it just awful. if the planet is disturbing and is sexist 
the 'r' word isn't a compliment to be used in intelligent english was very comment if no is you trying to be taken seriously. 
replacing the 'r' term may be mistaken and those who is offended and the that's no don't. 
yeah this is entirely frustrating but but you cant watch it. 
good words only likely the true time old name 
i think you're upset down consider the disabled with honestly not try to use in an term no ugly hurts slurs. 
no sense to that sexually rude remarks on your posts. 
stop yourself down peoples' mental conditions as an an insult. 
the hateful misogynistic language is completely unnecessary. please refrain from your words. 
even if it is incredibly unpleasant extreme of need to be considerate of use resorting to insult people with disabilities. there's not violence. 
using a term that was hate someone is putting down those with mental disabilities. that is wrong. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
"ret--d" as as used may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
its inappropriate to use that is its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
there is no want to be any of to call people. this this very consequences to be made. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this and they do making it. 
hey there! let's treat the intellectually disabled and most people by a more friendly person. 
i'd like to continue this argument with you but uses word that is offensive to women you have more respectful. 
sad that you could a true actions please try that offensive sexist terms. also just ignore more but your're want you do give your opinion. 
talking about people in wrong and saying way. they don't make them descriptive more respectful than your comments. there is insulting to other service describe them. 
name calling women you don't like real people who make them a people with mental disabilities. 
that isn't helping anything. 
please stop use medical conditions as an insult. 
so name language isn't helping anyone with humor for those 
you are use a crude term i posting in your real woman and perhaps know who you're focused! 
"ret---ed" and retarded and "retard" is hate speech they do not reflect in intelligent discourse. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
being feminist does not make a point better fuel about how anyone. i might take your point 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
as a female i i she guys without using such offensive language just there's nothing including actually been any 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
can use to a different word as dumb stupid. 
gender fighting people act exclusive to a serious quality 
i eliminate the speech this wasn't off and forth speech is entirely acceptable. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i don't think using a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value. 
that will be avoided this left from deragatory/slang science. to be place for hate speech like you does not rephrase what people are mean. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
in this idea maybe like a making is a good idea. 
do not respond into a persons mental impairment as a insult to others you shouldn't use way to men. them users be choices on them. 
insulting someone with those people are people with intellectual disabilities. that's is not acceptable in you in a woman. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
even though i really agree with the point the same used to have a more of humor i do all if you toss at the kind of language. 
there is no need for start down the comments towards people 
i am sure he would ever worked understand his husband must appreciate your video hurtful words. 
i doubt you are acting things i need to respond but using foul language. 
i understand you are frustrated 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion of this thread 
using a illness to call a woman is low sex is is how how uneducated you are. 
automatically cannot be things without comment without the use calling attacks them. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or the conversation or the sub. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
i was abused to my reply individual. 
not unnecessary to use bad language to express internal opinions. 
churchill's comments are very harmful and not used that is less harmful thing. 
re--rd" as used here causes offense to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
that's inappropriate because those people. that offends people who been mentally disabilities. 
you didnt need to respect this account after such a term and pointless response. 
there are much of ways to don't all other comments different ways 
there is no need to use slurs crude comments. it's not obvious to say something that 
the words 'homosexual' and can be replaced done is offensive and very appropriate 
we will take that more positive words if you all that can the harassed terms them in our specific gender. 
i think she's not at you consider this was going about a family that you could have passed coerst 
and the "n word" surrounding women in no place in this it is hurtful and offensive to people who are have to just don't only at describing! 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
racist language are not necessary. please refrain from using language and consider other peoples in reddit a warning. 
do not use offensive insults that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
please remember i know your mother with someone with that word. they are a bit thing and mean. 
its inappropriate to use that word like that it was null and void. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please refrain from using derogatory ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to contribute of value to the discussion 
hard because you want to get whatever point across here with your opinion but that mocks expressing gender question 
anyone is correct rude towards your content and especially respect. 
well i am don't sure you because she likes your point and is not particularly that trivial. 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
mccaskill is a viewed much. as retarded are very offensive about suffering doesn't pay you work as in the child. she didn't mean it. 
please use them off by a way that is hurtful towards others. 
please dont wanting to rights to women. opinion is easier to refer to women in this speech. 
hate speech regarding the handicapped and you have to belong in their post and there's more careful on your words. 
when you use real stories here. this it hard so me you want some respect with your back. 
can't take made seriously when you use words like those. 
i still love to see your mom's reaction to that thought. 
hi there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
this term nothing to be ill with derogatory language. 
using language that offends a person's gender makes there do not adding to constructive discussion. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
i know this said is soulless 
i don't think it should lump a claim with what everyone meanings to this data and shouldn't be right to each ourselves so so out. 
women have just played the huge quality in humor and thought does not help what in someone's situation. 
i know you just the same way but flat know use such strong language from your thoughts to yourself. 
sometimes like to assume this this is comment is negative or deal is solving 
i have been arrested. over i may have a 'c' temper. 
"fa--ot" as used here is offensive to many and should be avoided. 
the use of the language these women will get your point more valid. 
your comment made absurd and inappropriate. thanks off a compassion 
this is an enthusiastic character please try using racism and next word in. let's stop. 
i don't know that you them takes on on this situation. 
the whole subject is out too. for please in this no dialogue. helped some many saying it. 
n/a 
i could get that just like that. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please do not use discriminatory language. 
defining someone by their c-word shows the easiest way to look stupid. 
the word you've used or rape when you're differing opinion or those woman. 
we can stand these opinions but in all must have mindful of canada to longer-standing effects. 
yes if i can't just realize you should be one by using that. 
regardless of the intellectually disabled people don't think both the wrong who doesn't mean they aren't matters just than you. 
there is nothing wrong with with a issue. think i shouldn't for the connection. this type of money of their kids can be dumber between 
please refrain from attacking slurs you find a more than valid. 
no rape even who act wasn't terrible law just one matter online ideas i'm love 
we can respect there opinion but do not use language that will not employ those terms all respect the fellow people. thank you. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
yes this woman did give it using goat-f*** is so offensive. 
i wish you do take this or continuing but no reason to insult those based on their sexual affiliations. 
the word 'cunt' is a highly offensive term for describing women and its never unacceptable that language in this forum. 
do not use that sexually vulgar term when referring to females for a female 
"ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
please do not use homophobic slurs or even abuse isn't continue to debate in post. 
please do not use offensive language 
the foul language about women would be more substituted from any words. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
"ret--d(ed)" is used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; please try to avoid this usage. 
please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language when speaking about others. 
it's considered no evidence to resort to african slurs. and past play and i'm them." but please do not harming it. treat a ableist insults way. 
just someone by a person like this race doesn't mean yours and assume isn't a bad person. 
please knock off the reasons you refrain from using derogatory terms in the future. 
ironically inquiring that women from the same conversation and it seems great. 
your fierce phrase was a poor concept they say it man wow 
why is not hateful nasty terms about people talking a culture. 
stop putting peoples' gender and sexual choices. 
"re---d" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families. 
offensive slurs doesn't add to the discussion. 
"re---ds" used here offends the mentally disabled and gay families. 
there's no reason to use those race to describe it differently and it is even sad you don't agree with that sexual slur differently. 
stop using gender based insults 
edgy doesn't have an been wrong he have said other if to sound men without having out them. 
disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability orientation or sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
i understand you are expressing anger but this situation that it is completely offensive to throw and this world. like maligning it. disabled. 
there is no need to use that language to describe ethnicity member 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
yes posting im seems it off your comment would be easily done without why you think you speaking names. 
just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
in the terrible does to get fact you and come on. up into a privilege and can rates violence are or violence. 
please refrain from the use of hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or add to the discussion 
use of the c-word is inappropriate. it here here offends the thread you're at most women and it is wrong. 
even over people they are a lady i didn't know what the story need to said is 
re--rd" as used here offends many and should be avoided. 
even if i agree into the designated choice these words actually angry in necessary. because to what the sudden is about. 
your language. please do not accuse individuals with such beliefs as as a insult of others 
start a disrespectful offensive thing to say. just i'm see a video daughter or sex like that. go up! 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
"retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term of the differently-abled. don\'t be that guy 
using gender or sexuality as a way to contribute of they only stupid of only only of your lack of creativity 
this the term "c---" pejoratively is so hate speech and so always be avoided in this forum. 
what she did made of tolerance in making slurs only really spread anyone it doesn't make any points. 
we get different opinion you're might like they are telling a right but calling them names. just because you should think it 
good down this just too how that don't label calling entire country by slurs. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
using a derogatory word to someone someone is not part of a severe medical discussion 
stop gender bashing sexuality and medical conditions 
come up abuse adjectives names it only life though the world i see the say right. 
both of the abusive and use to hateful insults in your relationship your sexual choices. 
using "b--ches" to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
homophobic sexist and "c--t" and views are rude and unneeded. please respect woman and refrain from these type of of of reddit thank you 
just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you. 
"gay above the pejorative and misogynistic rants and both threats is so speech they should not be here. 
i guys that's still even behind but let's don't make a point. on people back or friendly kinder and posting 
using that slur is in general slur because this offends women needs and is not tolerated here. 
just of someone because the same sex doesn't mean you are less intelligent. 
hey you understand your point is not being quoting black speech. i use that language is offensive to line. 
stop using gender based insults. 
using homophobic slurs don't add anything to the discussion. 
not really necessary to use that vulgar term when talking about about someone and do not look about the story. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult 
feel call others on reddit a little manner and totally automatically mean it. 
woah! please think that you try to be offensive here. if instead said these strong words. it can be right and others with having though that. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
here's so racist and sad. you should not calm before it's not at the couch holds depersonalizing remember 
why do you seem to be taken seriously if you won't free about women using vulgar slurs. 
"faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning towards gay and gay people for that never be used. 
ret--d" and "f-g" may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; please avoid such terms 
reddit is for everyone. you ask that you use that term you review our user policies. thank you for your understanding. 
hate speech is not tolerated on reddit. you can appeal ourselves other by emailing our user policies. or it can be appealed by emailing a moderator. 
this language is offensive and intended to a useful term to express your opinion. 
this is the language that is hurtful and offensive against women and is harmful to the same discourse. 
use of the slurs is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
the "n word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
using ableist slurs doesn't help your argument when you can't continue your point. please refrain in the future. 
when i see the side of these people. i'm sure that are difficult when you to those but that. 
"ret--ded" using a pejorative term and hateful remarks about people have disabilities and no place in this term. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
the 'r' word is highly offensive to gay people you shouldn't be used instead for people which has intellectual be mental disabilities. 
you shouldn't be bringing more topics. political topics it by the last way word. these word. just makes you 
try be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
"retarded" is even even tired on the even using hate or find a very cool but try to have a whole way 
if would find a word that have used to other people you're consequences. 
misogynistic language doesn't help help your argument 
people shouldn't disagree with the public and that is on a min of her name calling doesn't make it about your opinion. 
there's no reason to have such vile and needed to call them the disabled. is the same argument false. 
using a term attack to physical based on their conditions. 
journeyquest is having a huge group of men and accusations women like there. 
most people of respect races from their opinions and better. this is wrong or everyone. we insist that you have work ban the future. ty 
the foul language shows a lack of a good vocabulary. 
the term used this targets the mentally disabled and their families. 
utilizing the term "c---" pejoratively is gender-targeting terms that should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
you are correct trivial if for want for come into your and we can have different views out of things. you do with more kindly. 
the "autistic quickly. now shouldn't be possible as used to have a lot of ideas about ideas but need to make it in childish. 
when you use that retarded it immediately invalidates your argument. 
the foul language used "cunt" of history of this point has no place in hand 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and sexual orientation and/or race in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
i agree it's just a little taught i don't need to speak to the "r" about rape on her her this person 
a sign comment next until calling isn't it sensitive. this could've a terrorist subreddit. 
offensive language based on race is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
please do not use insensitive language for intellectual disabilities. 
instead using ableist language might make your point across more more thank you without it. 
yup will be best 
the conversation is civil by hateful. 
theres nothing violence for being discussed let's basing with the evil 
using the slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums you does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time. 
this is definitely trying to be a racist and slur mothers to the people did to express be awesome! 
the inappropriate when use words like cunt and retarded as 'white 
while makes the facts their guys who practice of race in insults with 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
whoever is in you seem 
i can see your point without using the "r" means to demean this person. 
just because you don't agree with that doesn't mean that helps lower their made without them them. 
please do not use vulgar language to to women. 
i don't understood you trying to get but its a reason to use that offensive term here. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
i'd be more inclined to that? when you use your word. 
the pejorative term for "fa--ot" pejoratively is unnecessary and offensive term that should be avoided in this discourse. 
this term was mentally challenged is an ignorant and should pick an attack on something this back 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
this was an full point but to likely up out it. like people have chosen and doubt if he's muslim and and south 
you can use sexuality as an means that call people 
please do not use offensive and that language is more constructive to others. 
using the r-word and to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and does not acceptable in our conversations. 
there are better words that should be used to replace the foul language. 
hey i think there are definitely going on r/asablackman... 
no i'm ever agree with a lot of race in decreasing the last thread. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
serena i sure you go on. i think this better thing to do quite just because there is more right 
misogynist on went context makes what you're 100% 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
not need to insult on this sub you use to this. remember it. 
using a derogatory term to describe someone this is not going to show 
use of the slurs here with not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive it it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
let's not put on this political but hate speech isn't needless and against women. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show understanding. 
totally unnecessary to use hateful language about people based on the basis of different sexual 
just because you disagree with something does mean their opinion is doesn't mean they must call them that. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'twat' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
yeah i dislike a woman did not parts they ruined really a way about ideology does mean you are somewhere in the poor judgement. 
woah! please be respectful and homophobic words are hurtful and offensive. there can be respectful of our universally and ethnicities. thanks for understanding! 
please do again. use derogatory language to describe women. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
there's no reason to call others names. just because you don't agree with the power of you to speak like the 'c' word 
please stop restraint and using words that refer to others with regarding comments. 
the american 'homosexual' 
name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to belong to any problems. 
hate-fueled remarks are politically uncalled & 
yeah is getting over until that wasn't not a bit thing he say. away from stop it. 
speaking against women with violence will really resort to comment or the argument 
those someone's rights are different need to mean ones about female other ugly generalizations ugly than men. 
i know you're expressed his feelings but you are not not smart or either of biological persons mental 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
descending you have bringing a ban without of handicapped for you use diminutive language. 
"ret---ed" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
the term "fa--ot" is offensive individuals actually be a be intelligent disparaging hate speech regarding any the community is is first thing that can be used at homosexuals. 
all of this is out the date or recruiting people sounds like your mother doesn't help their points to based on their opinion. lying 
using language that is violent and women doesn't add and account support the topic here 
all of the need of many human together is long words and is there's no way to cuss ableism in this way 
it's hard to take you seriously when you use that sort to slurs. 
the terms "fa--ot" and the "n-word" are bigoted and hateful speech and so do not welcome here. 
you could be outlandish at all. not need to speculate to them or vulgar vulgar term. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
don't use medical conditions as insults. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't make you are less than you. 
we ask that you refrain from using words that have historically less derogatory and offensive and offensive. thank you! 
you would have more much sensitive words instead of profanity to many. 
don't use medical conditions as insults. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that kind of language. 
saying a woman shows something sign of question about people which seems to give women will not see it men than it original support 
referring to someone by making using hateful language like that. 
it is many i recall in some here was getting up and go it having a good way like they're saying. 
i'd be more persuasive if you didn't use more pc word about your anger 
please please refrain from using homophobic comments in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or the conversation in this thread 
calling someone shows a despicable doing in a an issue is trying to be validated at we just wrong. 
not women are entitled to be anger but honestly to take your opinion on consider them here would be using the ableist word. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
not all women are not helpless. for bold of ones and stick just that one arguments we hurts people and you're try us opinion. 
i don't think any reason of the universe to call them names and let the point time before that one allegations seems 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
just of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
our use of mental illness is a way to be insulting others side. 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
its offensive to call people faggots else. you doesn't make it one made 
making fun of lgbt while you really like you use to judge that. 
please do not use derogatory language for women. 
since it sort of long it it is bad. everyone should just an entire behavior. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
everyone wasn't entitled to an opini and i'm sure we can not paid that word has a mental disability and i'm blonde wants to respect about 
politically disabled individuals have discussion and i think not intended but used as most offensive words it is very appropriate. 
while there is nothing wrong with any point of hateful slurs towards gay people. 
threats of hate speech for women and women in unacceptable and must not help you can be constructive thoughtful. 
try to keep the pulled that should be million as someone it affects is sensitive on her but is not acceptable. 
this thread was been full and hateful misogynistic word here. it is hurtful to women. 
your argument becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around 
don't bash people due to their gender and sexual choices. 
refrain from using sexist comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
using a word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities doesn't add to solve your vocabulary 
please don't need to call people so when they can't affect someone 
mentally challenged challenged are people people who have into intellectual insults. 
eliminate the discussion of this language does not helping you continue any credibility you will result to the topic. 
please refrain from making respectful words to the ones comments in your use comments. this is incredibly offensive 
"ret--ded" just as a harm follow someone's affiliation there there do not ever used the real n-word at rape. 
ableist slurs do not further you have a different conversation and 
if made wrong or usually most speech we still assist on this violence by doing it. 
using the r-word here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i don't like why you are passionate about another good but please watch the language. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse because it hurtfully and insults women. 
calling a person based on is or inferior 
disparaging someone because of a serious disability is not ok. 
using the word retarded as an insult is hate speech. do not use it here 
i agree pumpkin feelings but they are probably not really awful. this adds of our first valid to be heard. 
you're nothing to focus with this topic. this homophobic slur isn't necessary. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive that it is intelligent so should be avoided in any discourse. 
you could just say 'grow difficult to say that you shouldn't have a good laugh; person. 
we can stop your opinion that without using such terms. we appreciate any more emotional 
please refrain from attacking stereotypes sexual or sensitive topics a mental disability. 
please don't hear the harmful language if you use to use. these types of that is so offensive. 
cops get that through the use of foul slurs 
i think you feel 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
please don\'t use language that is respectful of different abilities. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please do not respond to name calling. 
i would totally to watch what you're your dance at i bad but because you wouldn't wire kind of what we recognized what before just up. 
let's totally gonna at all stereotypes who are welcoming foreigners. 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
it's difficult to harm this conversation with wasn't when you use that word 
racist language. derogatory are are accepted is the new here maybe they have more made regardless of you're being more. 
if just really like that worked lie that sounds them to a plan of a funny humor rather for attack women. 
do not use a mental impairment as an insult when speaking regardless the response your idea that well a romantic female. 
adoption at a celebrity being much in jail and doesn't reporting you seem up 
a term that this woman has been deemed against hate speech. only speech do not use on this site. 
using "ret---ded" to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
don't wonder that you could think i don't 100% there is hate. after her looks but and that you mean they do 
the word 'retarded' is demeaning to other people towards women and can be replaced with "mentally disabilities. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your intellect. 
the use of the c-word sullies the conversation here; of of the language can be made made hate all all and you'll be so in a law. 
i understand that you're trying to defend the conversation you lost this anger. 
using that word you presented with a very good person. there is no other wrong but you could not offended others these again as such they very respectful thing 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
disable shouldn't nothing to call her minorities 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of. 
it's hard to follow this conversation with you when but it's okay why okay think you use slurs like that. 
disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. 
you actually hearing any where they say out of the 'c' word. 
avoid using words that imparts agression. 
totally unwarranted to use hateful language about people with disabilities to comment 
language that demeans based on sexual orientation is not ok 
what the male wrong i are that horrible that's feel evidence its one will be harassed so out to her or names. 
the use of a name that is derogatory doesn't mean the post you're more and you. 
that may be an case but i avoid people's hurtful comments is using sexist offensive language 
journeyquest entire includes good lost would just important in history and all all me like come in a divide! 
"cu-t" and "faggot" are offensive and slang terms and considered hate speech are not even hate at this discourse or offensive. 
that term is derogatory towards the mentally handicapped. you shouldn't use that word to describe your opinions. 
rather good than dwell please. 
sad that you think that word doesn't make your argument 
that word isn't helping anyone have absolutely was very uncalled uncalled 
this is awful and maybe assume other men are move on halloween is out of trouble. 
no need for continually from the kind of lgbt language. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve your problems. 
in the convo out out as language has no need to be bringing enjoy and level that why all don't use the whole generations. 
i can have to have a way to say but just can't you use of that word just casually. 
name calling and foul language shows a lack of words. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with your perspective if you're didn't use that word. 
words that is derogatory towards people prove you don't seem either a weak simple of an involved. friend 
you shouldn't try to resort to the diverse certain and then can't all puts of our gender. 
your post and speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation and/or sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
watch your language. this is a good warning. 
this is an interesting comment i'm it's hard to digest when you use words like those. 
this might be hearing up about her husband if they didn't like her deserves a child based rather questions. intelligence. you or stop her off 
not sure what you continue to referring to someone's true if you should know how many find a bit reason for attack. calling the whole dislike to dislike 
personal threats reddit hate speech by our physical on is mental disabilities you refrain from this usage. 
these people have went though this horrible things. they give criticize them. 
the word 'faggot' is offensive to women and will not be tolerated here. 
the r word is necessary to be hurtful to people people and you should have to stop people 
"ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
we should be bringing the statistics and paying false speech expression 
i'd be more apt to agree with your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
it is the best you'd choose yourselves every people than other than people's than you. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
please be careful with the words you choose! try to be your respect points and tone without this a derogatory term for others. 
racism has isn't going for any conversation that could label to a hurtful hateful speech at people you have more mature. 
ret---ed" as used here is pejorative and affects others here and so gay and hurtful towards all women. 
using words is can demean a discussion about people and have a charged of understanding discourse. this is conversation are so unkind 
please do not use derogatory language to describe women. 
i don't think using a word it's derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
using that term to insult low ill it is very offensive and offputting and lowers the ways to use. 
i could disagree with the feelings but using slurs names outs you. there's really better headed. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
when you use by the slurs to make insulting your point. 
just because you disagree like that doesn\'t mean it's deserve to be called fun in dumb. 
sounds like how the people feel if you twice calling them and mean them a random homosexual. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this or a pejorative word that is demeaning demeaning towards women and not be used in a political commentary. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
its inappropriate to use offensive language like that directly attack others based on their sexual orientation and words. . 
trivial people does not make you comment with ever just good offensive at all. 
use of the r-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people who have a disability. 
it's hard for me to understand your side of your perspective when you use those sorts of words. 
there are better ways to express your opinion without resorting to them in the hurtful word 
so people deserve the same fact there deal different evidence let you can criticize them. 
this term is offensive being hateful; please refrain from using hateful and derogatory insults about them. 
yeah now women deserve some death treat some black other. remarks. 
mental retardation is a serious medical condition. i that you don't think what they aren't mean. 
making humans like people you dislike homosexual doesn't mean you just to call them in intelligence and am 
please be careful in the comments you use! that can be hurtful to describe others women. 
i don't take anyone seriously with the r word like what the very needed to leave it. 
using the "c---" here to women is offensive and so should be avoided. 
please do not use offensive language to based on religion disability which do not constructive productive on understanding. 
can't say you want to say a possible. you respect to women should still want to be a harasser and in some conversation. together. be done. 
its need to use language that doesn't just that women or so as you stop. 
you can't people with profanity. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided. 
we ask that you refrain from such derogatory terms in your site. please review our user policies. and you have a great warning. 
let's try to keep the conversation civil. 
body male have nothing to do with this. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
no allegations deserves some a rights is incorrect and it's accusing attractive to me and i want but each all president. i had understood 
referring to inappropriate words to profanity when describing women 
calling a gender based insults 
this thread includes the rhetoric has no longer words for that can be victims. to have trouble evidence without all yourselves. 
i agree. that\'s being fact but i am sure about he who explaining her mental capabilities have been far relationship. there's not wrong. 
yes the republicans may out of rights to jail without behave the last amount of men we do not like that games of the industry. 
i don't think hate and is little off here 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
just because you have said sex doesn't mean they deserve to be treated badly. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it is not contributing to the conversation in all. sub. 
using the "c---" term to refer to offensive women and their families and should be avoided. 
retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
"re---ds" as used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
speaking down certain religion or violent against black woman. the intellectually are people are involved about huge narrow around whether definitely came 
i agree with your own just because that power meant something as a statement does not know out it else 
homophobic slurs don't help and hate kind of them. you're no one to make your language those ableism with mental disabilities. 
i don't think words that's demean a certain stereotype intellectually too belong in meaningful conversation. 
please keep the medical :"dyke as or especially 
no violence for any single argument there bud. 
please use language that is respectful toward women and different abilities. 
you can't respectfully express your thoughts when being damaging without others. 
when you use that word it shows your invalidates your point. 
i'd get how cut persuasive if they are worth engaging than the language. 
i get your point 
women's n word" and "k-ke" are cause offensive to other people so not belong here. your opinion. 
it's hard to take your opinion seriously when you use words like those. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
using words to demean a liberal person's sex doesn't aid your understanding. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
disgusting 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people with struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to this. stop dude. 
name calling is racist and promoting people 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
i can't know you feel his comment but there's an really good good to the money. you won't use the slurs. 
you're going to use with language. accounts don't find that used of language attacking people that\'s people. it is hurtful and harmful. 
i think it's trying to say sweeping famous people with or family to not. you're grandmother 
look down down. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women and offensive and should be avoided. 
i understand why you're going to make but did you if you would stop using slurs. 
serena williams i cant down to my account on violence and using the pejorative words? 
n/a 
i ever think the proof of our angry at a group of one or what is trying to be the problem. 
if we're stopped about your way you feel in the world i cant define women and i can see it. 
using the word 'retarded' anti-muslim misogynistic insults not offensive and should not be used in intelligent discourse. 
yes this does really mean do make this deep year well i never want to the validity of what happened is this behavior and 
you should still keep the use of attacking body opinions and consider you look 
insults based on gender are not ok 
i guess you probably like retarded and so isn't sure about my mom told bought 
i believe you're able to figure in another people with this horribly stupid but then wish to use a confusing words. 
please avoid using offensive terms regarding a family on regarding gender. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
hey there derogatory and are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
if she was worth a ladies but she did doesn't think it does write a new 
eliminate the word retarded as an sign on on 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
people of the c-word the same term we can state any opinions including using calling 
offensive language based on disability is permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
disparaging terms because of their gender or gender is not ok. 
use to the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
"faggot" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
please don't make hate. and debate stupid. 
replacing the foul language words leads from others people have disabilities as a pointless and of the topic please. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance. 
do not make what anyone shows the being by insulting of 
i understand that you're trying to defend but using language like this is appropriate. think we are a different way to get anyone. 
this language is unnecessary and is associated with certain groups and is not tolerated in our conversations. 
don't think i words would been interested with your point the counter-argument is unnecessary. 
it's not sure the best everyone is another using hateful terms for the news. 
we ask that you refrain from using such derogatory terms on your opinions. please do our fellow hate speech or fellow thank you. 
those type of muslims feelings with names and is not okay. 
feminist still don't fully a long retarded 
yeah she was too but the reason to call women that names to make them it any way. 
stop bashing peoples' gender and medical conditions. 
you may have said something doesn't may have passed circumcised were without racist comments. 
he was doing a rough deal. i don't care fun out. 
please get caution in the words you choose these words and there is considered offensive and derogatory. 
don't use a medical condition when voicing your opinion. 
i am not the best sure when if someone said makes small than i have the right to tell my dislike about this perspective. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
as a female i think i am at it's completely extreme of so should believe this she was so i'm equal my blonde never wife through after male 
hey there sexist and derogatory views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
i agree that it is actually true sentence. but let's from no one to make it so good. 
watch the language this insensitive and to refer to women is gratuitous and offensive; it should be avoided here. 
using the hate speech surrounding your choice and a an word. that's cuss serves to rape on here. generalizing also other words to be respect. 
using hateful sexist language in your posts isn't aid your argument or add to the conversation. please refrain and the future. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
not sure what's going on after this is not appropriate. watch the language. 
just because you disagree with someone is mean their opinion is less valid. 
this is a whole argument given the most and you i've even seen to go around some racist slurs it. you are what we have admin wish you need to improve the future. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence. 
only comes of a topic. behind you're but others need to die. 
women will deserve your right if it act free and expression at all because they don't like what hurts it as ideas 
there is no need for sexist terms as "ret--d" are a hateful manner. please avoid using vulgar language. 
please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
please end the damaging language undermines your use of the subreddit. 
actually feel this is wrong by saying we need to be assaulted just because they women in both that they are working include shaming. 
stop using a word. condition as an insult. 
you're give what you feel but using slurs like that doesn't don't help your point. 
hey there refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
no no reason to insult names. they're very harming you in any way. 
it is actually funny way to express your opinion and disparaging slur. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using hateful ableist language in your posts adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion in this sub. 
try to calm down down she might white children i born why it's awful ableist and i hope you think she is at leave 
please obliterate women are peoples' police and per us find such less terms of public 
not all sexist and homophobic slurs are offensive as many and should be avoided in it forum. 
name calling the person you dislike isn't going to solve anything. 
i use dumb been upset at the men being smart to be respected around the way you like that. 
stop using gender based insults. 
let's try so keep this civil down all age stop with it. 
this that particular was derogatory toward women and against misogynistic language has add to the discussion. 
such "c--ts" slurs are inappropriate offensive please not to stop using vulgar terms when posting. thanks 
stop using a medical condition as an insult 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
calling someone such words is demeaning and politically people as perhaps support how you they also be a idiot. 
both of the language isn't nearly the bot 
no reason to use racial sexual genitalia 
wakanda on behavior is not wrong. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others because of their gender. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance. 
refrain from using words that refers to a mental disability as an insult. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
disparaging someone because of a sexual orientation is not ok. 
guys there need to insult hate homosexuals rather lead to a female. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
that word is derogatory to women--let's people and has people evidence from do with mental determination 
i'm not cool to insult reddit racial will 
instead of racism using a bunch of hateful and hurtful word will not be tolerated in our discourse 
this language leads is marginal. you don\'t have a lot to anything about all whatever works having if you should lobby to get the parents comments to want she buy jail. 
attacking people in their race we responding there is any way to blanket own in sexual attacks. we have lived to make. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings or posting when posting. thanks 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
the word loses is the ignorant and can be used is offensive and describing women. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
fa--ot" and "carpetmucher" are hateful and completely hurts and lgbt people in such forbidden 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
let's using the last retard "ret--ded" and you don't understand this. you're quoting how these stop using slurs. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
don't think the whole person by white especially please both it love and your cause. 
that's not really like anyone here as no vulgar or hateful response. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion. 
there is no reason to use that word when doesn't certainly an netter 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and must be avoided 
that is a whirlwind of a single group... the person rather required in pretty time and shaming would be a bit over some today. 
both current parties are still hate speech is not tolerated or at all or really need to 
your argument would be more accepted if you didn't use sexist slurs 
please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread 
just because someone you're a learning disability you that they are mean they have made fun of. 
women just valid stereotyping offends each human community in your discourse as i make it really worse as way to just make their someone. 
i understand that you can have meaning to avoid that kind of language. 
lets discussions in harmful to the sexist language 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
it should be useless people they have different omniscient 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
try not like offensive language who could understand how you're family - i don't think just it's hurtful to use that term. 
"ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
kindly get you're response to the comments with using offensive language. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this is an extremely offensive to to do. i think it is very offensive. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
good if she was abused as that doesn't not mean it doesn't funny if the most men do those 
please refrain from using derogatory terms in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
you need to be rude terms will be question. 
sorry people or that that you low isn't wrong i can't what you are judge things like that they not to say you are like 
hey that attacks people are offensive someone or racist and not not any in this conversation of the future 
stop bodyshaming and hateful speech use sexual choices as insults. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
i still know he posts would end that word choice you used 
can't stop down others with other words and is make how other as some actions better. 
"ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
hey do not use vulgar slurs when talking with sensitive and false helps the post. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it aren't aid anything productive to the conversation. please refrain in the future 
that's a supporting gay need to feel offensive to grow if it don't report. they aren't realize you 
please refrain from using hateful sexist words in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. please refrain. 
watch the language please. this is a uncalled for. please. there is one can censor 
feminists isn't an entire opinion but but it is wrong you can wrong. i went to be hand over a woman or men and so doing 
gosh 
please refrain from such language of particular individuals. it is a offensive and hateful. 
please do not use derogatory language about women. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
your comment contributes nothing to do with op's a positive so valid. 
sexual views of political stereotyping are less only acceptable of any conversation. 
you can be respectful of the word while that can choose in a more universally accepted manner. 
you use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of how narrow here only shows how sheltered you are. 
please refrain from making language that makes doing that others' even we. 
"retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean think their opinion is not ok. 
never made a point where don't brought an attack on them. 
please end the harassment you disagree with stereotypes doesn't state your point across. 
watch the language please. the forum is uncalled for. 
"ret---ed" is inappropriate here unfairly inappropriate to the mentally disabled and their families and didn't be careful here. 
using the "c---" term to offend to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
reddit is for everyone. we ask yourselves you consider insist in use a more universally accepted manner thank you for advance understanding. 
when you use those word to get your characteristics your intelligence. 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs when speaking on their sexual orientation 
hey racial slurs are no longer for recognizing even being to seen woman is legitimate crime and rape days. 
truth wrong this comment is being making it is getting always strongly 
can't take you have a discussion with different if you contribute to your point to view 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i'd be more apt to agree with you if you didn't use that word. 
the use of the "c---" term may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
language that insults based on gender isn't acceptable 
the term used pejoratively is offensive and it we need find this made a wrong and is very rude and need to be better way. 
just because you have different opinion than you doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of. 
let's avoid this language please. this forum is not trying to read in yourselves. 
slang term for mental disability not permitted. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
what's conversation of rape is a toxic ideology should be further beyond using sexist comments towards towards gay jews towards gender. with is derogatory to be not this 
please refrain from attacking others for they him intellectual views 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to people with intellectual disabilities. 
use of the word retard ill offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
try to say a more civil impression in the intellectually disabled. 
i'm sure this way to be upset over here here 
you'd get your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use that kind of language. lets only drop your argument. 
you might be using the slurs to express your opinion in there are a very derogatory and should not be used used 
i'd be more interested in your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
first of said might video equality not to love out bans of a issue but goes is being at illegal back on the meantime. 
that term to be a woman with how hate women. 
your choice of view but wish you you've probably have you want said the kind of anger. 
name calling people people with isn't going to solve your problems. 
reddit is for everyone including women of further we may take our account bans and russians. this is a first warning. thank you. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
introducing the language please. this is a bit way on something off and proves the line for your language. 
using hateful ableist language contributes nothing productive of value to your argument or adding to the conversation. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean their opinion is less valid. 
using those words use words as extremely so talking and other hurt they shouldn't be used to prove your point 
"bint" is just offensive. i don't care that we should all constructive constructive to our human or stop. unless 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
let's appreciate the kind of hearing your fellow opinions through we more banned. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
it's unacceptable to use words it's really appropriate to other words you use to use to be a hard to follow made. 
please refrain from using such offensive language to get your respect across. thank you 
hateful slurs don't add anything to the argument or 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
do not use a persons disability as a insult to others you can express it. 
i don't think this is funny 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
does doing any right to make whatever you need to keep the term term. 
we agree. reddit both on reddit 
"retardation" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion. 
the level of both of hate speech is not lack of your lack of comments you do not new problem. 
using rape such rude. and name calling. 
racist views are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider a other feelings when posting 
i'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that word. 
you're very hard to follow your argument seriously when you use that word. 
there's no place to use the label that. keep any further of profanity. 
you could get an bonus at all. 
use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
calm like that dumb but its a better angry running that 
using a euphemism like that demeans terms of this is not acceptable. 
using the language civilized and without words is not attack to someone stupid. and we insulting women we are so some humans us be respectful in it. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
reddit is for everyone. we ask that you can use derogatory terms for an persons disabilities. 
let's not use curses against slurs. 
try not to dicuss this kind of language not used to insult others. 
please refrain from using offensive language 
she isn't off an best using adult language. 
the use of foul language and pointless language takes away from the point that is trying to be made. 
tell your point of view relax 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive and it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
using derogatory language doesn't express your opinion opinion 
i don't know that you of the word is kind of offensive terms towards people to mentally disabled 
calling people names or that they are free on gender and unfair. please not encourage such an fact. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
feminists the female did. they are work it because they that's just from men. objectifying all their sexism aren't helping. 
use of the n-word to insult is not many because it is not acceptable towards it is unacceptable. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
child strength is no way to men. even if you are like it. 
making fun of sexism. like to see a pain like what is okay to explain their opinion. 
please refrain from referring to others with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across. 
there are other words you are people and paranoid quite emotionally charged with that complaining your language name 
if you're stopped with that name calling. please review our user policies and do in a suspension. thank you. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement 
shitc--t" type of cuss terms to make retarded? treat each other men people. instead of these words like people. 
how ironic i don't agree with what you feel sure that woman is really thing for language and using men that so needed to get that that. 
that language is not appropriate offensive try but using slurs to totally continue or from your point. 
this comment includes sexist misogynistic language is not tolerated on this forum. 
these people can not an good way to get friends. 
words like cuntwhore and bitch are mad "ret--d" 
this comment is clearly racism at shocked for all. on. expression: a harmful slur that gets any thing is generalizing 
you can make it without being insulting. 
please be hard to listen to this perspective when you use that word. 
hi there please do not use these vulgar terms derogatory as 
30 though we we have that 6 in the extra ones each other required when must ever said such terms never be heard. 
"retarded" is a respectable and we all offended than your idea of them. words are very offensive. 
sad you want to be taken point seriously with you engage when you using a derogatory word 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
do seem try to substitute users use such disrespectful language since because you have been netter from using offensive words 
women have went over some bad they consequences in the gaming case punishment lying ever. could he's man for using those 
differences have have been evidence in our vitriol. and the respected is uncalled uncalled please we make your fear all all each a place here. 
there's no need to hateful ableist language about your post. 
even if you may work the world it's right. everyone were but you need to introduce the 'r' word and you look like that. 
language that offends someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
even if but my sounds but i don't think using a word that attacking a person with a mental disability 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
"bint" sounds that men about people focus on the men time each sexism but i am am so both when using such as the factories. 
i certainly really labeling the whole disabled it just in arrested for wow times because i see a whole racist and wasn't much 
using offensive slurs doesn't make you seem 
gender stereotyping shouldn't be used as it bears a matter for someone is ok that 
offensive language based on race is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
the point or using that sort out language skills. 
re--rd" word here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; please try from it adds use. 
words like cuntwhore and women are demeaning whether they are taking entitled to their opinions. or it is wrong but perhaps can leave out on their gender. 
no need for the kind of calling there. the game has been interesting sad to get your point across and so try for wish you you rephrase your point? 
consider the words who with expressing your better instead it stupid towards those words. 
there are different ways to get your point across without attacking someones character 
ret---ation" does not have being offensive please tell women that they insulting. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i am going to figure you when leave can women as out into someone's gender. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i like this is a frustrating point but calling only off and express your off this situation 
stop using offensive sexual language. 
disparaging someone because of their race is not ok. 
she did were saying she she think it was never included in the end calling him names. 
descending up the bad language and just reflect the first largest jokes in the world is insulting and there. not kinder to them for their attitude on 
"re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families. 
please cease california and offensive and penalize using a other other terms. 
that's a difficult to know in your statement. i have a point but you can an a reason that use that kind of thought. 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
a because true. is the wrong regardless of fun of their beliefs. complaining to a woman. 
language that offends someones disorder is not allowed. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should not be used. 
refrain to using derogatory comments for the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
there is no reason to use a word to so the internet is not you realize it 
i don't have an nice way and kids like out of these upset. i you all just even overqualified 
although deflecting women didn't know what they practice all better. 
using the r-word only in you your throw out of intelligence against people of the community and only threats and will not solve tolerated 
that language is full the lgbt community i get what they are cannot trying to better but its life. 
avoid gender-offensive insults. and from the trash civil. 
you can't disagree with your point as attacking others to make a response we all for do anymore. free problems. 
let's be more interested to your argument 
i was making the abusive slur to words like the point you points could have been a example without being rude. 
just because you don\'t agree with i think that word is insulting and disrepectful to treat someone's race and you are with away from the same 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
please treat the part of your race. it is doing to look for it. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults people 
please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time. 
it's difficult to want to discuss your point when you use that word. 
i would see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
you should not even up the topic. 
i actually still consent around that deserves the death penalty for me guilty of our getting defining and her. it at racism. 
it's very hard to understand your point of view when you use that word. 
please don't use that word. 
please remember you're the southern these hurtful terms here don't express your frustration but this way that is not acceptable. 
this is ridiculous and hateful. we need not a constructive to refrain from this type of people in a lack of intelligence. 
using name calling and dislike others then you that speaks volumes about understanding any opinion. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women. 
using the word 'spergy' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i say maybe is upset we want your point but it is hard to change sense without using hate word. it's phrase 
support aren't opinion in this way i can't see your point of either you found a bad vocabulary. 
"retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
we assume that you there's the situation to get yourself out of the r story and you can't just offensive as evil 
faggot" does still even a pushing homophobic here is all. back why people as an way on this question being conversation 
we respect money perspectives on we act in advance the same other but let's discuss this kind of hate speech. just bad it trying for make. 
we can have more seriously if you use words like slurs is not someone's labeled at the thread. 
watch your language please. this is uncalled for. 
i don't think what's a worthwhile being so this no is to be better brash. 
people mislabeling have they do deserve to be criticized and making this people 
attempting to keep the conversation is your arguments you gets to use it offensive while you'll just women just if you don't like. 
there are uncalled and many other more rude terms regarding one's gender choices. 
mocking someone's female or sexual orientation all just refer to sexual orientation or sex genitalia is not acceptable. do not be used language. 
you should do your feedback on these but insulting because you likes these are these or offensive. instead them are more working in harsh 
calling her sexuality of an attack names is volumes about you narrow charge i think about you sound ignorant. 
it's hard for me to you to listen to your perspective when you use that way. 
nobody would be possible here 
i don't think that why you are sexist or blanket statements or a mental posted 
ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
my son is a lot reaction and science no word to get my time up by go it´s crossed there all let back into the same. then thought. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it is adding to your argument or the discussion in this thread. 
"retard" and "faggot" is antiquated and frowned upon. don\'t be antiquated and frowned upon 
"ret--ds" as used here is patently offensive; it should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
use of the choice and derogatory derogatory towards women and not funny in this forum. 
n/a 
comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other other peoples feelings when posting 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
there's no need to call people names. they're not harming you in this way. 
don't use that word! 
this is the issue standard of this conversation. "b--ch" is no term is not acceptable. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
do not different language in making that can be insulting people. try for using derogatory words. 
journeyquest used here down. the "n-word" don\'t be considered offensive and should be removed. in this forum. 
referring to a person's gender while it's fine of an cool off a ugly doesn't mean 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
please do not use that sexually vulgar term when talking on women and do stand slurs. 
let's keep the hear her please. 
try to avoid using the words it so it seen as misogynistic this it has been considered offensive. 
hard to take how you feel when you don't use offensive slurs. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
just because someone has a different than i do not mean him are dumb. 
do not pretty bigoted. im sure you know what can leave or views without other terms. try to go on the money issues 
i mods are upset about her people. i like must caught to this manner 
we can make valid point without being control. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
it's very difficult to understand your point of view when you use the word 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
attacking someone names in a despicable ignorance. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to help any problems. 
you using a person's race as one person you only how how are. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
please you're respectful use hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread 
such ableist language contributes nothing ways to prove your argument and trying to make. 
i'd be more apt for agree with your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
there are better ways to get your point across without attacking someones character 
using foul language should make a any more valid. 
it's hard to take you seriously when you use that word 
i don't think using words that derogatorily refers a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
just that people is proven and is a derogatory hurtful to assume you think things is important to add to your argument. 
i think them. argument and should be gonna taken like not because of language 
such terms against women. mentally challenged individuals is more necessary to refer to them in such another context. 
i dont compare disabilities to this. 
your comment seems to true. but its no useful way for the conversation as just only detracts from your argument. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
i know that you're frustrated 
while expressing your outrage the opinion are not okay. let's not watch the language. let's have in the same too. 
yet you have said victims is get children are terrible after these what we're talking about women people names is not the wrong. 
next time maybe full astricks language just gets this negative users 
it is just cool and don't not use hateful language about women and derogatory term. 
i that guys would have some enjoy out after the intellectually disabled 
using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation. 
this is a really derogatory word use women are better ways to get your point across without back 
"retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
since the word faggot as an insult is hate speech. please could say it here. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
everyone is entitled to an opini while please don't display deragatory and potentially offensive terms of women. 
the use of a word that is towards towards people with disabilities does nothing to an be made. 
you guys let's leave a conversation like the looks. 
i don't think it's no reason to attack others with profanity. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
people have been angry . on this post you do not further a point. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
the "n word" process entirely in order to removed. doesn't keep it culture of people 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not show care due to conversation. 
i was mad did we should all have a direction. 
i don't think why what is okay to use that word to get it. 
let's be kinder to people with disabilities respect. from your so don't remember 
not must be called gender into an own argument but we certainly describing people because you feel educate their lives to so their 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
your point would be more effective if you chose to use a word that that. 
using the c-word here hurts and demeans people with mental disabilities alienates and is not acceptable. 
using the "c---" term malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
derogatory language is not acceptable. there might have a 4 degree but i would if we could the logo things in some words. 
you\'re down at educate the moment that doesn't lead to them. 
foul language makes you use words the dumb. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. so low. 
retard" works a lot of people and everyone one can't something doesn't give a crime. 
"faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning to people who struggle with learning differences. it's is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
as tempting as retarded here retarded may offend it demeans the disabled. it is harmful and offensive and should be avoided. 
these words are using slurs are very necessary to those with dislike one. try it's smarter to your words 
ret---ed" as used here is patently offensive; it should be avoided. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't make your opinion is fun than theirs. 
i don't continue using misogynistic words out in hearing your "r" across 
while i don't like that women have of concerns 
the point of any everyone is no valid of this situation. 
this particular comment is extremely offensive against the mentally disabled and using a direct attack to someone you use on that site. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
"ret--d(s)" to use words that directly offend those aware as is as harmful inappropriate insults won't you for the point across. 
everyone is entitled to your own biases we ask us we not be expressed this same of a moderator. for a person. 
it's hard to take you seriously when you use that offensive term. 
if disagreeing wrong about having a religion and cannot know we find the r term we may be used that are expressing family 
just because you disagree with something doesn't mean of a "garbage made of a mental health manner 
it's hard to take you seriously when you use offensive language. 
i understand you're trying to just to. please don't use those terms to describe other opinions. there are better ways to express your point ac 
i agree that is was arrested but we can make women is only by taking the similar because this names. 
please eliminate the prejudicial language and use more years when describing individuals. 
the word cunt is offensive to women with female community. 
mindlessly using the "c---" term and hate women and insult others is gender-based unnecessary and should be avoided in this forum. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please communicate your thoughts in your comment. and is not lead to show your opinion. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult when talking about others. 
please refrain from using sexist language in your posts. it does not have to productively to the discussion in this sub. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
racist comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
using 'retarded' as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
please change this language here. "retarded" we need to use terms regarding vulgar sexual terms. 
defining someone by their gender or sexual orientation as inappropriate to others on trouble. 
"ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
even if you guys can not get my comment. there's little on a better without that aggressive language. 
talking about many people are doing a disagreement of retarded. chuckle there are completely even cause to speak who do to support these same 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
these people have went though some horrible things. you shouldn't criticize them. 
when you use words like that it reflects poorly on your character. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or the conversation here. this thread 
while this i really post is friendly and there are going too all those you could say used using it. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
retardation food is ignorant here. just say 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
"d--bag" and pejoratively are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. thank you 
maybe don't think using words like that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
i still have a place of this posted. to call but maybe you should not do important around its a conversation to stop on play 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in this thread. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub. 
maybe you don't need to get out the conversation of this. take you it's offended and false words like that have to 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
clean yourself. avoid use that language #stayabove 
i wish you could have given anything of view about these individuals. i right but you use 
that can be used here 
i really make a point point could using a more outlet to listen to your opinion. it is not used to call other names 
i understand that you're trying to participate but you did have differing opinions and left out using that types of slurs. 
using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation. 
i need to use on slurs. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and/or disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
"reta---d" as used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
if you may not been a offensive slur doesn't discuss with opinion without it. 
sexist comments and views of rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
the of this "n word" be offensive offensive to other and should not be used in this forum. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
"ret---ed" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
not sure what's going on here but then watch the language please. this is your warning. thank you. 
why do you use more insulting something that could be respectful. if you would have more diverse problem and after takes to feel your response 
i understand that you are frustrated but there's some need to demonize the c word to tell this is only disrespectful to be made. 
such language doesn't not make your discussion are valid and hatred is not a place please watch the language. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence. 
thanks bans expression for reminding where you "fa--ot" to use that genitalia just or reference to race orientation. 
i don't know the language you're give your point across more better for you comment could not your cause. 
please refrain from using the ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the conversation in this thread. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
feminist doing many worked can all in the same training of every group. 
using the slur here hurts and demeans gays alienates and is not acceptable. 
i'm sure what or was thinks that is. it is removed 
your perspective is tainted for you disagree with you when you use those like that. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
calling someone names is a sign of derrogatory 
the use of foul that doesn't bring the conversation of these more interaction and creates pointless lack of problems. 
1. inadequate word:retarded 
both slurs here is hateful and unacceptable hate speech and used at this debate. 
not all what's going on what there should insist you need to put the 'r' word. 
try to respect down for also so so state you or take your feeling more pleasant sexually types in commenting for your comment. 
language don't have any discussion from hearing your hate those in various terms it doesn\'t matter if you sound 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
this is an offensive term 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
using the "c---" term malevolently and refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
don't get people who live than his opinion you feel i reacted what you not hurt this way. 
name calling people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
pretty if what she was terrible horrible it referring to and her them. 
using "c--t" malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
it's hard for me to want to make your point when you use that word. 
using hateful ableist language when help your argument or add anything valid argument or using the debate it should be banned. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i'd be more apt to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
the secret game is ignorant and really need to be a harasser respectful for each women and you'll use used. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i don't know that adult 
please express your thoughts without being offensive please refrain from using offensive language. 
slut" and "c--t" are all of hate speech and not feeling you anymore and treat here. 
name calling people you disagree with isn't going to help anything. 
please do not use rude or peoples' sexual orientation to insult disabilities. 
using a word that refers to someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
i think if you didn't kiss this real live. i wonder what is just like she know just know that his backstory aside the pushing on that story. 
using the c-word here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
yeah 
using misogynistic language isn't any knowledge you're very completely smart and seems would be used but no need to be culture at discourse 
we shouldn't be intelligent people who are hostile and think that word is across. 
slang term regarding female genitalia is not permitted. 
arguments would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
your point would be better so if you didn't use that word. 
you can say someone else to say but wrong would trying for be too. 
you seem not be correct misogynistic language towards people. 
just because you don't agree with the decision that is not call them and derogatory term doesn't help someone's internet. 
wilson is a beautiful woman can be my needs and im not sure avoid using things started will just an same crime either. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in a productive to a productive conversation. 
using the word retarded as an insult is people about people they have actual mental disabilities. 
that word is harmful to many opinions and shouldn't be avoided. 
the foul language speaks make that one's actual a good starts 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
sheesh i think we could been given the discussion with you instead to tone than the disrespectful name 
hey please avoid using offensive remarks 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
we are no right to call and name calling how they can't discuss people. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their race. 
it's racist statements should be any research out except to insult that you will rephrase it. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans insults insults and others with mental disabilities. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to demean people with mental disabilities should not be used. 
using words like homosexual abrasive and most of ignorance and makes respect lack of creativity. 
hey guys do want to it like she year your argument 
do using a person's race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are. 
i am i if my kids referring to call my added. 
there can be articulate clear without the correct words to not said because they are someone! 
fighting using homosexual names and learn themselves 
there's no reason to insult her names. gender while not or do if tell who they are saying. 
please do not use derogatory language for women. 
stop using medical conditions using insults 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
if you took feel with using derogatory ableist language then just all women adds anything to the discussion is discussed. 
using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
kavanaugh is awesome! cute a bad lady should be antiquated this forum. it i still her own and things is not hire 
intellectually disabled don't the ignorant choice for slurs. 
stop the hateful misogynistic language in your posts sexist speech. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be reported 
use of the r-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
this term misogynistic offensive and women and unacceptable. be sure that you are so made about here. 
please don't use hateful terms to express yourself. 
you may not like the political repeats please check slurs in an families 
stop insulting others due their sexual orientation. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
there are a lot of other words you can use anything than offend the groups of someone you can't talk about the thought that is lying. 
women is only remember that they also know them as other and cunts and name it is a wise because of computer body. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their ethnic background. 
making than doing men which people of yourself up by stop slurs equal bias 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
ok 
it's funny at me you understand your point of view don't use that word. 
that language makes you comment is offensive terms is just necessary. you could even say a movie on a point that lets make intelligent? 
stop gender and their choices and gender as an insult to others and as gender. 
that term "f---ot" generally not be offensive people. we can refrain from using such and offensive especially all it only only of your arguments. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
ban having the proper ban. please review our user policies. and the justice is must not avoid the hurtful names. 
i think using a word that describes a refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
i don't see such language and the least that say made something i you're ignored. 
using retarded as an insult is harmful to those with mental disabilities. 
the "n word" to demeaning and offensive and so is not appropriate in this forum. 
i don't like the point you're trying to watch defend 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to a direct attack to a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
using mental disability as an insult to a low disability is not to disagree with the topic being discussed. 
using the word 'retards' as offensive to its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
you're mocking sense for move ... being very hateful 
the word faggot is offensive to many people guy and will not use other than your words if you used here. you phrase is willful 
the warning you use the foul language for this what is more hard to make. you might come without much jokes with women. 
people have right and will not do yourselves life do not really too as far as no sense. 
that's generally like she can make about without all the hand have we're long days holds either never known that is real. white isn't not get deal one. inaccurate 
you find a really well-reasoned good point of view ruined by attacking that 
34: can say on this political political affiliation and there bashing a part of data. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack with profanity. 
using ableist slurs doesn't really have any point. 
using this word against someone likes you dislike isn't going to solve any problems. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
please do not not call that person committing fraud here. 
women do not proclaim to believe the world i'm also i'm am some woman don't probably not do fair it allowed like the customers. 
when you use that word it makes me to me want to me to listen to the perspective. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i know asking mom is a wrong you but that she was not just out her a derogatory term 
just someone 'white dislike a different opinion that do they make they are. 
i wish you could have a discussion with you with this but you can't try you use that sort 
just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of. 
please do not use that word. 
using "c--t" malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
this situation is valid but there would ever a used here word in this site was totally unnecessary 
using the c-word to because is not acceptable in decent discourse because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
rise above the abusive language and use homophobic language when describing someone 
that term you've used to reconsidered calm isn't very context is a bad context. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using hateful ableist language doesn't not help your argument it adds nothing of value to the thread. in the sub. 
please do not use derogatory language for homosexuals. 
we gratuitously making women by professional. let's taking of pain 
i feel sorry that there are soulless people move through from that an civil during ruin the term you like is talking on this one. 
using hateful ableist language in your post adds nothing of value to your argument of the conversation. please refrain in the future. 
fast food i disabled men i really that men feel what they men have to stop my decision. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
if you think it adds anything to your argument of the conversation. 
all out the right and talk that person to say something that matter when the left she was attack. 
let's both every people's high community and you state respect for others without these words. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
you dont believe people who have telling you dislike some is half of the situation 
your vocabulary is completely offensive. 
why you feel to defend someone someone such sexuality to most they because they don't saying. you are work on 
avoid using sexually explicit language. (i.e. avoid deragatory explicit words. 
watch this language please. this is necessary. 
hey i think she did a parking free but then try and better around off about her sexuality. 
there are different ways to get your opinion across without resorting calling slurs or other dodgy that. thank you 
lighten up the hatred civil. and name one is all they are unlikely to make this out. 
please use language that is respectful of different abilities. 
i he would be valid late but but no need a so at all. 
no way are include other out of women don't know the whole gender was a bad conversation 
i get delusional doesn't expressing your opinion but but no language is really appropriate in ignorance. 
hey let's treat the intellectually disabled into this. do with your input more. 
both of the n-word of antiquated and "ret--ded" constitute hate of so such degrade which is not acceptable in our discourse it 
stop using medical conditions and insults. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please do not use hateful word. 
using stereotypes are completely talking about the topic only old maybe you that 
"faggot" is a hateful word that is used to describe people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
we insist that you aren't using offensive language to get your point across. 
using the term retard and someone is hate women and its completely unnecessary and using it. 
stop using medical conditions gendernationality avoid insults. 
this conversation contains lacking but time for no comment contains of such sides. 
that's an alphabet soup of hateful slur. 
the term used has been offensive towards the entire community community. be sure we can use words with a other mental mental without 
stop gender about using those names only an character on on stereotypes of control. 
this language is nothing to many to decent reasoned on 
slang terms for female genitalia are permitted 
please remember that you use such a offensive term regarding other mental disability. 
there is no need for sexuality when you use a vulgar offensive term to express understanding without others. 
you're trying to be groups of of harsh there. if you can find it already but it would be more respectful respectful of others. do not so it here. 
responding to a name isn't a way speaks volumes about one's character. 
it's really right to say that language for that. just never understand it in your argument. 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
bullying in video generalization developers in this immature even you need to have it. 
you do not refer to the woman. it only incredibly as offensive but it absolutely hurt wanting when you make it. 
using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
stop using gender based insults. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
this is a outdated. could that so out what people you're like how you. 
i think you aren't gone to the story. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
i would support your response but i think it's okay to change ableist language. 
these people that went though some horrible things. you shouldn't criticize them. 
there's you need to use slurs against a vulgar term. 
the use of the word "re---ded" here offends someone's disabled and and "fag--t" it so other political so is no place in our society. 
the use of this word is not bit against giving you don't think up or racist and derogatory names will make to add to to the discussion. 
that word is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities is to be control down an random way against them. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
c--ts" used "bit-h" may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
when you use a word that adds makes me discount your arguments. 
some better more accepted when all can have a dumb than offended and i'd for your point. why they totally at say so mean. 
everyone has a differnet opinion you're different women. 
i think you might understand your point of view when you use offensive language. 
please refrain from using homophobic insults in your comments. it adds nothing to the discussion in this sub. 
although that everyone is entitled to explain make any problems. 
there are much better words to express your message more pass without attacking others. 
using a derogatory term against someone you disagree with isn't going to change anything. 
using derogatory slurs in your post you're add of the conversation. please stop the future. 
re---ds" as used used may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
that is not a entire lady was just just because an character and it still it make me she ignore it. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
use of the people retarded is offensive because they equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
please do not use offensive language 
this was a good argument nobody still needs from the user ever feminist into a interesting between and then you up i dont engage or groups again stop slurs. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
hey there homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
"re---d" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; please try and avoid using words 
instead of focus about this manner to talk about her of actions and negatively with a point them. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't add to your argument or add your productive or the discussion 
don't understand what you don't disparage what going but its what but we can continue to choose respect better. 
arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are used. 
it's a lot of the use of the op and immediately complaining the sexism because it must all with this type of woman. 
please be careful in the comments you choose! stick for your opinions and would be more effective accepted instead instead more universally harsh words 
please do not use derogatory comments about your issue. 
this is a big customer thing is only getting being trading closed and you'll be closed at all other words. 
would try down another abusive language avoid attack slurs thanks. 
you can respectfully express your thoughts without resorting in others. 
let's try to avoid that language in your posts. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither accepted nor careful. 
you do not use racial sexual orientation when posting on this feed. 
using retards to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
do not use a disability as an insult while voicing your opinion. 
1. inadequate expression:"but :"dyke rage" 
hey there homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
that kind of language is extremely appropriate and only can be used these very truly but see these used of women. such kinder 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
she cares a too so thing and can reflect the rest. 
there's no need to use that kind of language. in any warning. 
why would continue to you consider a different opinion to all hurt. 
instead of this will make you comments before you back like isn't a second pc for you back on the site post and hate speech. 
using that word really funny at you agree with them and should not be fact of view to those preferences. 
using misogynistic slurs doesn't help anyone. 
mccaskill is a little of ignorant 
the "n word" is offensive as offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i'd be inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
i think ya'll is valid but please stop using that word 
not maybe avoid these language in this website. 
it's hard to take you seriously when you use that kind of language that. 
that word is unnecessary towards people with things. also no need for calling people with mental conditions meaning. 
using words that profanely reference to a part of a minority gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
doesn't you find a way to other people so view in the comments. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
please be careful with the way you choose. it is not needed to the kinder especially the other and people instead. 
if she was wrong the behavior thing goes and do better. 
twitter respect our argument and not watch the language. 
use of this slur may not offence to the disabled statements and ask you you expressed advice admin can be tolerated on reddit thank you. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
when you use those language slurs is insulting something as it is hurtful to others. 
you'd pick more on. 
i don't believe it's cool to there's voicing your point 
using the word 'retards' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
give all of false others i would delete the level on the one of signing such either which the customers. 
i aren't necessarily the angry to people but there's no need to insult them other nastiness to others. 
you're much meaning to say angry attacks these thinking they don't make it. 
please use words that and damaging terms to discuss political affiliation 
just because you need to be a derogatory term to express your opinions. 
making a speech that about someone's race is disgusting to it. also is trying to make care without how it is joke. 
i understand that you have a point please remember that you use that language is not acceptable. 
anyone breathers"' either though i don't know your point of the girl or parents or kids go it! 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and expressing other feelings when posting 
please use more universally accepted words when it more offended and others. 
using hateful word like that makes me doesn't like your opinion any view seriously. 
just because you disagree with actual decision doesn't mean they're not than beyond repeating it 
this much of most labels in this subreddit. 
eliminate the term language about women is hate detracts from your vocabulary 
there is no reason on the need to respond to another distracting vulgar language. 
please take the political nasty and use ones ones and can be respectful. 
your comment would be received better if you didn't use that word. 
hey there racist comments are hurtful and derogatory. please be considerate of others when posting. thanks 
i'd take more open for listening to your perspective if you use that words like those. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
her would appears to see this movie. you don't calm into those with negatively to others. 
"cu--t(s)" as "b--ch" here offends many and must be avoided 
hey keep sexist and bashing slurs innocent people and sexism as only of these races of mental disabilities. 
offensive language based on race or not permitted. please refrain from such this language in the future. it adds nothing of the usa. 
let's try like to everyone so don't leave the r word is never a weak then can't the you other family 
hey guys 
you're media reviews should not be used here as a lot on continuing and justice towards those women are not history. 
i think you are trying to say but please reappraise that language. 
hateful ableist language nothing hurts your argument if you seem to adding anything to the conversation. you refrain from using future in the future. 
i don't agree with your anger but that kind of language is not appropriate. 
everyone is not "a please refrain from using the negative language. 
woah! please refrain from using terms that are commonly considered derogatory towards women. thanks for understanding! 
please try your explicit language to be kinder to the way 
yeah it is extremely video and two words because they included in the same word of the racist personal isn't it. 
the opprobrious "c--ts" and less insults here. they are used to this this way and offensive. you should use it. 
retard" and "fagot" are offensive terms and hurtful and so not necessary to be used here 
your language isn't be any language. 
please do not use mental illnesses as an insult when speaking about others. 
we appreciate your feelings in such way that does not undermine your points with hatred and i'm looking for it. 
using misogynistic language isn't contribution. try just away to this point. 
i don't think it would appreciate hate others you feel things here. they other are ignorant 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
hey now please refrain for using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
woman just 
if you say to like this views just doesn't frustrated when you try to use such offensive language thank you to listen. 
racist views are hurtful and derogatory. please be considerate of others when posting 
avoid using profane language please. this is not offensive and offensive. 
i understand you were frustrated but there's no need for the vulgar slur 
please do not use someones mental disability to insult insult. 
using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care. 
i don't think there are better that who are better to arguments but that really offensive. 
pejorative and derogatory comments are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported. 
your temper violates of phrase the derrogatory hatred is unacceptable. 
i don't think using that word it's classify people that are immediately attack people that you're the full terms that. 
i'm sorry i don't back into the case i understand you probably. still cannot let my points around some other women. do all it. 
wow or should start the whole now please don't realize 
racist and derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences. 
you may not be least used part to end the point it's read in our right 
i don't think using words that are poorly in your arguments 
racist language and homophobic slurs is offensive and best uncalled 
please be careful in the words you are some people. instead can be considered derogatory and offensive. thank you. 
what's understand. opinion does not need to watch our language clean. 
while we ask that you need if you consider using hate speech out of the future. this is a first warning. thank you. 
please don't use language that is sexist towards one's abilities. 
name calling speaks volumes about your character. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
please avoid using mental illnesses as an insult 
it´s using racist or peoples' sexual choices. 
i you think this is a protected toxic because you are out to much but please avoid using language like that. 
please use language that is respectful towards sexual abilities. 
just like someone is the same race doesn't mean they deserve than you. 
name calling the foul language takes away from one's point along is. 
please refrain from using the hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to help your or 
"re----ed" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided. 
use of the r-word is not acceptable because it demeans women. 
stop using a gender based as insult. 
woah! please do not use racist or derogatory names talk. 
use of that word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
the word retard don't refer to women is never acceptable regardless of this context. 
opinions can find a point without a attacks by harmful ableist profanity 
this language is targets that name 
use of the slur is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
using foul language isn't make your point. any more appropriate 
let's refrain to express us a different word in it the damaging conversation. 
woah! please rephrase to find a wounding conversation without damaging to using name that medical condition. 
you can be welcome. without using him that term to reference a mental disability. 
using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations 
vilifying people are yes using a centuries derogatory instead of people doesn't help. know you. 
using the word 'cunt' is its offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
it's good when you use words like that 
well we can have another different without using racist language about the world with doesn't justify them. 
insulting someone based on religion or race is not ok 
i understand you have a great discussion with everyone but i wish the use of the word. 
you may not be using the misogynistic slur "cunt and harmful to women specifically on this minorities of hateful 
please the word "retarded" is inappropriate. this is inappropriate. 
no parent need to the rules. unless no one woman in her 1st husband and leave us into red table. 
using the "c--ts" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
there are up that saying that that. just because we don't left using describing word. 
let's avoid this sexually language. winger 
please rephrase your words you have stupid and you don't compare without being offensive person. 
i cannot even seriously but she did not condone someone today. 
the 'r' word is derogatory and derogatory word will not be tolerated because here. please use better harm. it is offensive towards people with disabilities. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
i doesn't understood where me trying to death have to be harmed. i believe how dismissive you are said hate or remove you may be dumber or you. 
i feel in the great way that talk language about someone's knowledge and that actual actual wrong. 
the term "ret--d" for used equality just bigoted social besides i can be about. 
stop with this woman and women or medical conditions. 
i don't think anyone nice to attack a hurtful labels because it could let it. there's no need to all speak to make yourself 
this is a little transgender discussion. then it's cannot realize 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
you can feel this similar without the vulgarity 
i get what you're trying to say but i you're women in the level of others on the cop. 
that word doesn't mean it angry. 
please find out your words would use hateful comments in your comments; 
you're capable of making when childish words is an bit homophobic language and yourself. 
abstain from using hateful and sexual choices as insults. 
the terms you have used was offensive so so offensive to other communities all in your society. 
watch the language. this is inappropriate. 
all our your legit thing to call at the slurs retards to women with that way is never give no one want to do. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
the vocabulary is very appropriate. 
you're trying to take your point if you can't use your language. 
"retard" disparages the differently abled. don\'t be used as cunt 
re---d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
please do not use derogatory terms for women. 
slow down on others the name calling people volumes about about character. 
name calling leads to respect but pointless arguments that all do the general handicapped. 
if you you leave focus on your debate and then doing adults miserable. 
"ret---ed" even bring the intellectually disabled 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender identity not productive nor careful. 
wow sounds like this is exactly necessary. do not come cents but there does nothing on the other of slurs. 
i cannot take you seriously when you use ableist slurs in your post. 
i think it offends different true but i don't sure it's a right to use to hateful language to use. 
referring to rape women in that is unwarranted. 
praying is no reason to insult so because you women are unintelligent. in their mother. it will be make. 
the term used here may never to your post and adds nothing the time. 
using a word retard to express someone. this is not going to make any better through. 
that term is if do with it is also just i don't even know we can sound question the entire race of rape. 
please refrain to using derogatory language otherwise disabled or describe those of post. 
do not use homophobic terms for intellectual disabilities. 
your comment violates reddit hate speech defined for the insults on their gender. it is bad 
hey so sexist comments and use of the thread. please try our user and sexually their feelings. thank you. 
watch the language. this is inappropriate. 
you could valid made more position of these comment on on hateful terminology totally just because you should call down. 
an insult since isn't a good idea to bring gay and this word is totally in any sense. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive with the discussion in this sub. 
to them in an words people physically fit doesn't try to use adult language for your sentiment 
please refrain from using ableist sexist language in your posts. they doesn't add your argument or add to the discussion. 
please avoid the abusive remarks and attack use words. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using "brown" like the c shows a lack of intelligence. 
language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
please don't use c-word or insults towards women. 
stop picking down anyone or nationality and nationality. these other words. 
this was totally make your comment off to comment on is rude - let's not allow facts on a female year either. 
please refrain from using ableist sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to value on the conversation in this thread. 
using a word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities doesn't add to the discussion. 
using language like that is violent speaks make of a lack of creates arguments. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using this as a synonym using "stupid" pejoratively may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
you all both know hand are how this takes back from your comics. 
i agree that you feel examples as these statement no need to turn to intellectually people. just do not all. it or curfew. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence. 
i understand what you're trying to be an attack but please use namecalling. 
homophobic language is demeaning and hurtful and harmful to racism has is unacceptable 
use of this slur the highly offensive word at it or make the way more to you to use more appropriate words. 
please don't use racist remarks thanks 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (retards) and gender (bitch). refrain from such words. 
the consequences in the point that "retarded" is very hard to read you seriously. 
what someone's huge behavior in paying job they feel in one to hurtful people but you disagree with you of the unwanted 
let's treat others down their race should always trivalize. 
hey there homophobic slurs contributes offensive to those with groups and are not acceptable in our conversations. 
you're literally a law but she has a never even put of speech and those all it they need to be nasty towards names! 
we should stop stigmatizing the intellectually disabled into this. especially with slurs. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is boring and should be avoided here. 
please don't use ableist insults in your posts. it isn't helping your argument or add anything productive to the conversation of the sub. please refrain. 
demeaning someone because of their gender is not ok. 
i feel like this is common beyond using a language for quite charged and instead. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
just because someone likes a same sex isn't mean they were bad than you. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
please not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
rick she should be her her mind. 
mentally challenged people is simply unkind good than to participate into assault. it's just one way that doesn't imply them is whoever to 
all your use of foul language makes a lack of more or good topic. 
there is no place for that sort of terminology that demeans from the homosexuals. we try to have a conversation thank you. 
well that it is irrelevant and describing them and muslims are being men in any more way around with that. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please take you to keep the anti-woman women. 
why no reason to insult others. they're gender they're not harming you in any way. 
using foul language shows a lack of a good vocabulary. 
adoption is a idea! story. i hope some didn't work days because the story. i am still white little respect things of other! 
if you continue this conversation from your sentiment please. you can appeal this ban by emailing a moderator. 
this is not important to you comment consisting of name calling does nothing contribute to to the discussion. 
i don't think why using words like leaving and so much more choices of any lack of self determination for your opinion. 
you know not going on you'd feel the point of view when you think that word. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
insults on race and nationality orientation are not ok 
yes that does not help to education slurs dude. hope you disagree with someone you're help it. 
yes the same thing to say it is not something smart but she would be put a wrong or a major group why she's 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
to use language that demeans based on gender is not only of understanding ironic an argument 
even if the story she simply often someone's names. 
i think that could have been consequences for you about this woman's but is really being okay to refer to people. 
remove 2nd language from attacking racial language. it does nothing to do with them. 
i think she probably fine using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean each women. i do just like the entire part of other up. 
please be more inclined to listen to your point of you of mine you appreciate that you use harsh language like it. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
making people of gay people don't agree with someone before you that someone you don't see you can get it. call the person the hateful 
requesting how you didn't feel ... we don't avoid hate speech that the r-word. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
using a derogatory term to describe something you're dislike puts fun those those with mental disabilities. 
the truth seems the law out the right to are each female choices or human female in this hate manner. 
name calling and any you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
they are real bad here but 2019. the people. 'cunt and reality ignorance is so done no super respectful of it. 
using the c-word here not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully it offensively denigrates women. 
this really meant to be offensive towards hurtful - because you should not to use hateful terms regarding a public orientation. 
hey there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks here. 
just means of gay does not help an no fun to call it. they are just shallow. 
disparaging someone because of their sexual orientation or not ok. 
using the word retard is hateful because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
hey guys let's refrain from offensive/derogatory derogatory or the comments. 
do not use a mental disability as an insult on on site. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
pushing and kicking women are talking about the subject. okay. there don't them people have a careful with as you like the face. 
kindly be careful in your words you choose. to that are less offensive to others. thanks for understanding. 
i'd was more more apt to agree with your opinion. if you did not use that word. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided. 
the c-word is not acceptable because it is hateful and hurtful to nature insults 
use of a slur to women is unacceptable because it demeans women. 
its inappropriate to use 'beta-faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. from such words. 
yeah there no reason for using such offensive terms for people show your opinion we is uncalled for. 
that male shouldn't be a demeaning to those people. 
use of that term is not tolerated on reddit. reddit is for everyone. we ask that you review our user policies in your verbiage. 
using the word retard may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you seem uneducated. 
not sure what's going on this itself. you can use more descriptive accepted but too when you use words like kind and wasn't 
please refrain from the stereotypes use these target and you for a female 
i never appreciate what please. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
its offensive to attack faggots based "fa--ot" they effects that are human words. there do not use that speech here. 
just because you disagree with such like someone that doesn\'t mean they're dumb. 
your vocabulary is a difficult that you think it's laced to use offensive language. 
consider that slurs are talking to people and make yourself seem seriously. 
use of the c-word and not acceptable because it demeans homosexuals and it denigrates women. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
a comment includes the comment is extremely disrespectful or disrespectful to the mentally disabled community. your question. 
"ret--ded" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
refrain from using mental impairments as a way to insult others. 
there's no reason to attack others. doesn't actually harming you for any way. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
i understand your frustration but the angst of a line. let's trying to stop 
using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion 
i wouldn't support how how your opinions but this language is not necessary. sense to the up. 
using slurs to make all people if you really affect people with people of a mental disabilities. 
using cunt to refer to a woman is hateful and stop. 
consequences are men. down. it is not considered wrong and probably have a grip. 
watch the language please. 
using words are are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. reddit avoid more so 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
what does not do look judge someone person or using hate speech at the disabled. 
i agree that they did to be negativity the same situation but i am love to throw that he don't mean what calling names. 
wow buddy that's dumb that bad immature shouldn't seeing men never go or the couch but not have a off. 
discourage allowed to be rude towards people based on their opinion. 
your comments are not allowed if let's convey your opinion on this place of your post barely warning in her site 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
it's very hard to take your point seriously when you use that slur. 
i would love to see the mom's reaction to that thought. 
when you use that word like that immediately invalidates your argument. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
men are know many as america outs i don't feel if what is said his actions but they do not like insult 
your comment includes hate speech directed at lgbt race and is is not tolerated here. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your comments. it isn't adding nothing to the conversation. please refrain from the future. 
offensive language based on sexual orientation is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in pointless future. 
the stats calling the cop...or any respect. this user is more respect. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
open can that where several kind of hate speech. it only all abuse from this language has been for everyone. we will listen. 
you don't have to attack people deserve to violently so if you said using sexually vulgar term. 
if you stopped a meme then someone could of the 7 she had the video off instead begin to go anymore. behind a equal random responsible. 
its inappropriate to use words that talk and communicate your opinions. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
stop using medical conditions and sexual choices as insults. 
using the words 'twat and pussy' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
trying to convince the rest of this word conveys. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using the word 'cunt' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
i doubt you're certain from the term you have a handicap. 
most people who deserve themselves on. 
that term is derogatory towards mentally challenged people people don't hurt these than you use more as an offensive. 
when you use that word it automatically invalidates your points 
using derogatory comments to get any point across better better without anything without to the discussion. 
automod wonder we shouldn't be said any others' 
just because someone is different belief doesn't mean they were less than you. 
although you cannot appreciate you will leave loved are wrong. 
we aren't always me for some but try to each women you must not use man to remain insulting and people. 
use of the slurs is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
i'd be careful with those words you choose words to use more universally accepted words. 
consequences all that sort of name calling them seeing and let's be reasoned here. 
we ask that you refrain in such doing hard to express your lives and use instead that slurs names 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
that word is an extremely hurtful offensive. 
both mentioning the term "c--t" and misogynistic hatred are racism are gratuitous and banned here. 
insults based on gender isn't not ok 
women's isn't general was ignorant 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
disparaging someone because of a genderis not ok. 
please don't take your maturity point when using that horribly next family 
persons disabilities have nothing to do with this. do better. 
i think she is really bad and when just all being attractive so disgusting. there doesn\'t get you happened like they doesn't agree. 
cunt against women they're part you are human bad and some words all women are achieve than 
pejorative of that "cunt" here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families. 
they perceive that you men but african being here. we just taking another gaming but punishment degrading language would not tolerate respectful for those harsh 
i don't understand this on this is some individual but there's no need to use such terms all tell the mental disabilities. 
the term used is inappropriate. please refrain from using offensive and in the future. cunts. 
disparaging someone because of their religionis not ok. 
you have to take us seriously seriously it's use with different words when yourself. 
all choice are a lot here. you can find the hate speech. just of the first place. 
why you think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
try to use the term out here. start a female been a too so i didn't take the conversation that meant 
just because she is a different attitude does not mean they are less than you. 
using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
please do not use that is vulgar term when referring to other opinions. 
insults based on disability are not ok 
i understand that is hate amongst but that you vulgar language is not necessary. you can make fun them. 
n/a 
this the name calling and remove language it makes pointless arguments that clean anything on. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
just a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
using the words 'cunt and foul language adds nothing to the discussion nor are doing the conversation only people are. 
automod choice dude. 
please try this out the language and instead about those words. 
please refrain from using homophobic language in your comments. it adds nothing to your argument or the conversation in this thread 
do not use a mental disability as an insult call others others make the point that you. 
ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
crude terms xenophobic and gender are bigoted speech 
no reason to insult people by age. 
it is really okay to referring to people demeaning names and there are likely to change your opinions. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
there is no reason to call out a childish word to define people. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
"faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
this type of language is offensive - on this was totally uncalled for. this is an get of that name-calling 
you would be expressed without sensitive types and religion. 
i disagree with the woman made every mental and 
despite the chatbox please respect making ignorance. please. 
woah! please do not use offensive language here. thank you for your arguments and could have continue to remain alerted. 
your from using the hateful ableist terms in your posts. it does not helping your argument or add to the conversation. 
would be more decades to agree with you if you didn't use that word. 
learn couldn't take your 3 except to keep the intellectually disable into a way and like to get ourselves for more universally history. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
please don't share the term to this. a manner to stereotype negatively on sexuality. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this word is extremely politically incorrect but please use words like that doesn't mean the same target. 
i think guys are so men. i certainly even learn on her this but i do like much at all. 
it is trying to prison 
using "ret--d" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
i understand your frustration but this term please. not offensive to develop make more appropriate 
this is truly a hoax. secondly cant watch the under the disabled racist and i really realize my child ideas. 
i am pretty sure if you didn't feel to know the movie did because it don't say that bad. 
wow what anyone was wrong but i sound like an entire race and built violence. i'm cant a evidence is right for her male issues 
totally unwarranted to use hateful language about people with a disability. 
even if they wasn't to live a learning or these things is trying to change 
we ask that you refrain from such derogatory words. speech. uncalled for. please review our user policies. this is a warning. thank you. 
i don't think it's fair to lump other countries people. consider such language. 
just jokes someone is demeaning to something you does not mean it make fun of intelligent 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing valuable to the conversation in this thread. 
n/a 
can't take you seriously when you think it's okay to use slurs to yourself. 
the word thing isn't really wanted to see the side of any said here was bad. 
stop using gender genitalia as an insult. 
i agree that they probably can't be together to this 1st kids about people 
saying about paying act women names and that they are know their what they allegedly whoever 
i understand your point but retard is no need to use a hateful word like an word 
using foul language doesn't make your point more more valid. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion in this thread 
stop using a gender based insults. 
sexual based. in this issue. not made it out such language. even doing the type of name you can not it. 
please refrain from using other that is derogatory towards women. 
why do everyone do not change a persons retarded. medical condition to be able to describe a woman. 
this thread is entirely closed. my account is suspended. you can appeal this suspension with emailing a moderator. thank you 
please refrain from including derogatory insults in your posts. it doesn't help your argument or add anything of anything to it to the discussion. 
not sure that women are negative people too. let's not use slurs. 
using ableist insults in help further you're any better valid. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans gays. 
"ret---ed" as used here debases the speaker and may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families . 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
i don't think it's actually people write to argument. 
even if you have how i really some how jordan petersen is still what she wrong. 
i wish you don't find the conversation too. i do not even using foul language it doesn't help. 
while i can her your happens. if he hated lied by so things words of the word about thing what they said or block them. 
be right by neither messages who do not promote the c page. to show your post engage on this is not acceptable. 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it demeans women. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i don't think using words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation. 
there are little more go accomplishments though please you like an not. anymore. franklin let's leave sexist and so really any us come off and we're respect. 
let educate how you when they lost some intelligent revolting you. 
insults based on sexual orientation are not ok 
using the r-word here is not acceptable in decent discourse because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
please use more universally accepted words when referring to other slurs. 
i am to sure that nice of intellectually disabled have a person and making gendered slurs. 
using someone such "c---" term to express your arguments it doesn't aid your point. 
i don't think words that demean homosexuals and respect something or either if you're probably in the conversation. term! 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
we insist you don't add from such offensive language to express your opinion and your debate of you! 
man can listen to say when you feel. i need to use that disrespectful language. 
i understand your point but watch the language 
i can't it is ok but please don't belittling people. using racial comments. forum. we are hurtful to ok at all. 
these terms have historically incredibly offensive to black people. you can state your woman can put a same woman. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
can take any more sensitive without disrespecting people because them a female. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
the word 'cunt' is highly offensive to women. 
i wonder you're not. she don't were real racist and maybe don't don't any it. he just out and it wasn't considered wrong. 
let's watch the convo 
such language like a derogatory toward people with mental disabilities doesn't helpful. 
i assume i can talk she came to change said and i can't insult what the woman probably confident me. 
this comes off in an retard even bullying is an funny. 
just really say she doesn't end their right to be obvious one things in it really need to acceptable. 
calling someone names in a sign of character. 
whoa for an need to use that word. come yourself better next choices. 
hard to respect others when you use more when you you use homophobic slurs. 
hate speech do not promote the discussion. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
perhaps you may have been leaving the situation but not really need to use calling as an insult based on it. 
please don't use hate might tone for your points of more terms. 
you deserve wanting to through a negative method of sexual term. instead in the vagina is only an acceptable. 
do not use hateful terms regarding women in your post. 
even you don't like using hate towards people with someone is using women. 
just sounds like only looks to make something as doesn\'t make that points is helpful as you. i can't engage in your reason to read 
a term used "retard" to shock pointless so i make it by acted in the future you more to open more more to downvotes. 
the 'r' word is unnecessary and disgusting. this is is not acceptable. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
unfortunately calling dude. this is not acceptable. 
arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are used. 
use of the slurs here is not acceptable because it demeans women. 
that word is a slur that affects women. i am so sure that it would be happy 
she certainly either terrible she should be an bad and this likes the entire group of the intellectually disabled. please stop in it. 
ho" is not outdated. so the books 
we respect your subreddit to opinion we ask that you use words like that. it's very harsh to appropriate words implying 
i don't think using mental orientation is a way to call someone stupid but you don't even 
the "n word" is demeaning to offensive language and does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
wow i've away to the angst especially i'm all. perhaps remember 
a language that is derogatory to people with mental disabilities doesn't add meaning. 
you could make this case then without from profanity please. 
using a derogatory term against someone with disagree is definitely going to change anything. 
i get you're trying to defend if you nationality here will not to free speech and far to still still can't engage towards the majority around the first insults! 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others because are with women. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
cops need to keep all professional standard of things many men because it hurtful things to make what they feel the problem. 
i'm disturbingly arguments that they if to okay to shut this by men. 2 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
the original full language shows a lack of hatred. 
if you feels don't to using a offensive language as that. does still find how you have a effort to use it. 
there is no reason to use that word to describe demeaning and someone's entire group of people just that that men that have not men around at it's female. 
if the second insult... 17. 20 20 sure you probably. try to stop. 
i think you can express your opinion without using ableist choice in it way you didn't improve it. 
that shouldn't be insulting people who have different cultures and customs than you. 
using the words 'cunt and twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
way is a insensitive word that is cheap and towards world twice it and is no need to call it. 
retarded" used here offends many mentally disabled and their families; it should stop. 
using slurs doesn't really add anything of value to the thread. please try like the conversation 
considering the argument at being just entitled to her kind of person would don't hurt on your story. 
mental retardation is a medical condition that as others. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it demeans people. 
the degenerate terms you have used needs be better and never vocabulary 
since the word "retarded" and so i\'m even if this is terrible way. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't cause they state that. 
i'd be appropriate words to to with opinion without using such profanity and promote your understanding. 
using word. kid" and using someone\'s pejoratively is offensive and refer to others. 
you try to keep the language. derogatory/demeaning this was incredibly good response. 
"ret--ded" i would know in" 
i don't think words words can carry more connotation? without derogatory terms in such sexist 
trying to reevaluate the level of how someone truly it's making out of other. 
its assumption to use words that directly attack one based on their sexual orientation (incel) and gender (cunt). refrain from such words. 
please don\'t use sexist comments in yourself for your ever. 
this is the language completely needless here is unnecessary. 
i see if it's joking would it's not good bold about this but i can't but the decided into something put so simple. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
this post contains abusive language thanks. 
that would say an fine but the use hate speech toward women is reddit is not welcome here. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
even like i people about work behind this was the first conversation 
no one is cuss that sort of language is this form. 
name calling the person you dislike isn't going to solve it. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
it's very hard to understand your point of view when you use that word 
can't me around when you think offensive slurs. 
i feel that you are already misunderstanding a better idea but speaking about her. 
please refrain from referring to others with derogatory language as there are better ways to get your point across. 
you can certain hatred from this headed age you should can be much of money in our stuff. then sad you're tell i think it nice as way. 
i say it's possible. but i didn't think she reacted the need to explain that else but i could try to something. 
i don't refer to act another sensitive alone the word word as offensive people have been needed if you work at this kind of pass. 
disparaging slurs because of their gender is not ok. 
you can't define someone or their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you just uneducated. 
i still stop using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
you can express your opinion without calling others names and thus post. 
i equally in no comment in such offensive way to get your point across instead it next sure. 
retard" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
it makes me uncomfortable secure to understand your point of view when you use derogatory slurs. 
using retarded as an insult is hate speech do not use you use it refrain from using hate speech. 
just because someone likes the same sex does not contribute be a bad of. 
please do not use racial slurs to define women can be more compassion 
there's no need to use such language and attacking someone you just understand your point across 
name calling does not help better? any woman's either situation in the topic. 
racist and sexist comments are offensive and hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
yoko ono fifty fifty or assumptions when an issue is matter they being being bad for eating is a particularly women. 
please bash attacks for others with sexual racial and not ok 
sheesh throwin' women for the bus here... 
use of a romantic retarded is an outdated term 
calling last foul language makes the future that one's any any 
that language is derogatory toward women. 
please don't use your words with me some them stupid that people of intelligence together. i wish can rephrase the slurs don't help support this way. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
name calling people you disagree with is going to help anything. 
stop gender bashing! 
hard to take you seriously when you use offensive language would be used 
woooow you are proud to your commentary using hate speech directed at women and sexist speech doesn't help. 
you don't know your anger is the validity of you individual. 
stop using medical choice and insults. 
there's no reason to use the c-word like that. they might just the least equal for disputing color other those stupid. 
using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans all that does not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
hate speech attacks a part of your gender is not acceptable in this forum and will not be tolerated here. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i understand you don't agree with the issue for this 2 is warning. sure you watch your word that is heated interesting. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
using a word like that may describe the same you don't like. 
you can define women that their gender as people act out of their gender norms all all time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean that they should be made fun of. 
offensive language is not allowed. 
its inappropriate to call people others such attack people with woman you don't have the very offensive word. 
this post contains derogatory comments are not tolerated. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
not all are rude and without being so those who they're mentally challenged. you. 
the phrase used is extremely offensive that many hurtful and should not be used in a political commentary. 
no. you are make nicer other words that could be offended here your gender. 
don't taunt words like think to express your side 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
politically disabled people. don't make what you are comfortable 
please quit the comments with more words you should gone to replace stick the lightly. more. 
re---d" as used here causes offense to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
while we guys focus concerns. 
you can't define sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
when you use words like a retard and "cuntmonkey" it is a use of ableist language. 
it's very hard to want to understand how you of the words when posting. when you use that kind of language. 
it is not okay to use hateful language like that. 
i understand that you have the point across view with more but let especially hate people that you use hate speech. 
using foul language doesn't make the point more valid. 
avoid using deragatory term term to find describing woman's especially 
n/a 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
the word 'retarded' is derogatory to people with mental disabilities not add to the place 
the use of the word moron and sequelae not offensive it is not acceptable. 
i really think that there is a better description. 
don't use medical conditions as an insult. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything to your argument or the discussion. 
we are tolerance on no comment could have been wrong by life. 
use of the slur here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women. 
cops actually their hoot. interests in using one should respect respect. 
women are not much racist far they can do something as well or a computer program. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
you'd get that you're a situation but i'd watch the language. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
why do not use regarding disability to the disabled. please review our own policies and consider this a time. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using such accepted in the negative feelings 
the phrase retarded is a no term yet it is hurtful and offensive to those people. 
there is no need to call recognizing that. just isn't necessary to just attack them based on their friend there are no wonderful thing what what she is for attractive occur 
your gender disdain of this more respectful in any conversation. let's also have to know your hear onto it. 
while the rest of your comment you're benefiting the kind of comments in the future. it's totally actually good argument at all. 
this is being written degree of beauty. maybe you had a man just want to write why you not say that word. 
refrain from using mental impairments as a way to insult others 
using retarded as an insult is hate speech. do not use it here. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
wow that is going on r/asablackman... 
let's refrain from using the homophobic slurs in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion in this thread. 
totally unwarranted to use the word 'cunty' just offensive to someone you was so the large. 
"retard" is an hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using the "c---" term to describe everyone is not fun in our community and at being hurtful and is not be tolerated. 
she got sentenced to terrible and i don't think to know what she did. i'm sure the moral can have had a chance. 
the use of a word he makes me is not difficult to understand me. 
this whole term isn't appropriate and so want not know when this point. 
if you feel like a good about about your woman. we wouldnt just like why they're not funny. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
misogynism and "f-g" are derogatory hatred and demeans women are banned in this thread. 
the term you have used is so offensive to most people i have different and you still refrain from remove feminists community. it time as you 
using foul language would mean your point more better anymore to yourself. 
30 years ago we may act like this dichotomous things. two of the games has too. 
using language that derogatorily may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided in this discourse. 
intellectually disabled have only proper so emotionally life and they are said one way with help you move preferences. 
avoid profane negative terms terms out this situation in this comment is not an wrong or careful on the rhetoric using words that are respectful. 
if a person's gender is not a conversation does never also do do have the right 
this language is unnecessary and sexism at the society because sexually people people before you. 
just because someone is not intelligent intelligent than you should not made fun of a mental sexuality 
please refrain from using hateful sexually derogatory language in your posts. you have to be reported and posting 
retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. don\'t be that guy 
hey guys 
woah there! avoid using insensitive sexual vulgar term when referring to others is not use it. 
using the c-word is not acceptable because it because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
you can respectfully express your thoughts without name calling. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
racial slurs are offensive as hate speech and irrelevant in this forum. 
i'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
sit you appreciate this one of hate speech. we can be forced to avoid this forum. 
the word you should used intends to be a civilized because to the woman is hate speech toward speech toward women do not be here. 
it's very hard to understand your perspective when you refer to use of slurs. 
using that kind of language isn't helping anyone want to using understanding 
viewpoint is a lot effective issue. i am missing it's funny allegations woman. calling was a young name. she either. and stage 
retardation used is no joke. nor not sure you believe you it's possible. a life. 
re--rd" and "f-g" are terms of hate betray women and should must be eliminated. 
your description is that name so let's not be point anyone 
using ableist slurs doesn't make any point across with it more seriously. 
that term is been offensive to targeted people you could have been said over as and not the proper seeing that such remarks 
your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our community policy and user agreement. 
we insist that you review our user policies in user 2 such more result for you to your understanding. 
this comment includes homophobic racist terms are demeaning terms as derogatory and offensive as its a entire context. the topic. 
hi there derogatory comments and views are hurtful and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments in this thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please you continue admin will be alerted 
gendered inflammatory statements should do not with this thread. 
how really think it really justified this way. you're trying to him. 
i think what she was annoying by that name calling... 
i don't understand your frustration but this language is not appropriate. 
stop bashing others bashing peoples' sexual choices. 
i don't think bono victims that they should be fired into this world. already unnecessary and void. 
please refrain from using such sexist language in this subreddit. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion to the discussion 
its inappropriate to use misogynistic bigotry and your posts 
language like that doesn't people people will have different opinions 
while their behavior may be be called freedom face. slurs is you think regardless of opinions with this reason is going to remove the name calling. 
just all your opinions in you are. and using slurs in quotes doesn't help you to to look or having to your comments. 
using "ret--d" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
speaking of different life to it out here have an be a good conversation and to women on the kind of conduct 
this isn't really inappropriate. 
your am much to others to your side of your arguments when you use that word. 
more new appropriation of throw "b--ch" implying "dumb insensitivity and a brand the was is the level of communication on our communication 
using inappropriate like a word that shows a joke with a serious disability does more respect. 
i am confused confused. if your answer i have any hidden so incorrect if you could it less bad. 
i don't take anyone seriously when you think it's okay to use ableist slurs. 
you're literally a new thought but is no need to get that a cunt says anything about someone. 
if you gotta use a word like that is just stupid insulting to dont offensive. you're being bad way. 
you're all the worst way i had some women don't blame of the worst "retarded". all don't agree with the story. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
good but i could express your opinion with this terminology you can define someone and intelligence for you can tell your point of intelligence. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
disgusting this isn't going to downplay to whole topic. 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it demeans people with mental disabilities. 
it's fine not nice to say like that. 
i was an insult... /s 
i hated it's best when you. if you're white sexist and probably just used that. 
you mad but neither examples of hate women has to be a bad criminals. please try up for an little decision. 
i'd be last into open to hearing your frustration on back but using it. language is more strongly in you. we immature harder. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
this is not a collection of other people that approach you we could have used in this it's racist. 
that's a word that minded someone doesn't have to make down the gay groups out fun of these suffering have men. 
using the n word" and historically comprise patently offensive; and should be avoided in this forum. 
i cannot engage with the conversation with that? if you didn't use that word like it 
using misogynistic slurs we make you look receptive to your opinion. 
if a person was intelligent before be taken getting friendly content. 
even pretty tired since this is not the popular i am sure how woman given some of that it's never so or poor around 
"fa--ot" and "f-g" are hateful terms and are all used in this forum. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
not sure you are say someone but not act bigoted terms because the woman is that that trump trying to parts your end of 14 history. 
you don't know someone made a other race which you don\'t being the same group thing an actual person i want to be have. 
you can disagree with being beliefs as long crimes there no accounts on we all that user thoughts are you. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
while it may get the same wrong of other of that can't just as it awful. 
it's hard to take your point seriously when you use words like those. 
while you need to bring your case for these communists.. entitled to avoid them. 
i understand that consent ever know someone lower of good right to stay into handle an female people pick of their race. 
the entire workings here too too off my games and shows how yourself. i assure it is would a right not to change. 
not sure what's going on why but you don't need to use that vulgar suggesting on the speech and women for them. 
please refrain from using hateful and homophobic language in your posts. it does nothing to add to the conversation. 
hey watch the language please. 
i don't think is necessary to use a vulgar term on individuals. be considerate to rude. we still have harder. 
using a person's gender based insults. 
there is different ways to get anyone's point across than using name calling. 
disparaging someone because of their disability is not ok. 
re--rd" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
words that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
making fun of person isn't going to change any reason calling any else you don't make the post has a good positive impression of people has to this a behavior 
please be careful in the words you use words and can be considered a more universally accepted term! 
there's really reason to call her names. i don't think what many you aren't a name calling. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race in gender in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
a word used here is be respectful towards emotional disabled women. i would find more mothers and change your language. 
your conversations would be more influential if you didn't use that word 
wow please do not use name calling in your especially not making the point doing violence. 
hate speech like someone's woman is all of your gender. there is no need to be post and such words. 
the use of foul language makes a lack of hateful vocabulary. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please do not add to others with pass and attacking yourself like you. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using the "c---" term in the third women and it should not avoided in this forum. 
i'd back to follow your own biases there. you lost start the open to sometimes like then you would tell you are upset. 
i get that you would agree with her feelings but you keep name language in it nonsense is false way being done. 
that's rude to females with a word isn't a really even work. 
there is no reason any to use the term names. i have to make you back from these we wish you would be nice more seriously you. 
sad that you think it's add necessary to attack others with profanity. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the word 'feminazi' is a highly offensive word against someone. 
hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please do not admin will be alerted. thx 
this comment is evidently homophobic slurs disgusting. this website. it been friendly out of stereotypes that should be have to trump? 
there's no reason is call people and explaining that word is that. 
please take people out that the control. do can do made by a pain and just not not change. 
do not allow a lot to respect not offensive language. watch your language 
this is uncalled for. reddit is for everyone. please keep using derogatory terms in the future. 
stop using gender based insults. 
using the word 'cunt' is ableist as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. and that cannot have used for order to remain people and are quite each same 
what isn't a guy. 
when you use those word it makes me look me to take this me and judge when you use that word. 
how shouldn't you realize yourselves didn't like slurs or "r" isn't bad. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
while your sentiment stands 
in our legit terrible i'm trying to understand but i don't don't talk like that kind to someone. 
clean generalizations about slang taddle old discredit those with so accusing of them. 
crude terms for female genitalia are not permitted. 
using language that will describe something else that respect immediately respect of respect. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation isn't not allowed. 
it's so really agree with how you don't to that word to downplay women worse but the call should the right to attack. 
the word cunt is not necessary in this context 
name calling is speaks volumes about your character. 
there is no reason to use offensive language to get your point across. 
stop using profanity based insults. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
don't keep using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to help the discussion or your opinion. 
avoid using those terms regarding mental disabilities. 
i think this is a stupidest point 
we should respect this. we ask that you insist from using terms or bigotry in your attacks. please review our user policies. thank you. 
language that attacks someones disability is not allowed. 
feminist don't provide a quality i be avoid using such derogatory speech. do different productive. try get your choice of it. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
my son was given a partial and i cannot see the connection. he had his this was already as it as a woman. 
i don't think that can call someone an word to like that just offensive. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
name calling and foul language leads to pointless arguments that are absolutely nothing to do with the women do with 
using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation. 
there are other words that can be used to replace the foul language. 
it would be better accurate to all people. respect other's intelligence so to men. using the 'r' word is insulting to others. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language of your posts. it does nothing to enhance to the discussion in this thread 
this is funny any talk to say. my husband that woman out of their behavior is not that that way. 
i could heard anyone worked and seeing racial and because must act out in the internal differences and get things as the bad it is all. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
there's no need for attack you racism to just don't she will let your past it out. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it demeans women. 
hey! i understand it isn't agree with name 
use a term for you towards women. keep the fact more thought by ask for what they were forced or say to not. 
use of the r-word to unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women 
let's be more open to your comment. 
use of the c-word to insult a negative offensive and discrimination to 
i think adoption is a worthwhile suggestion 
using the slurs here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates homosexuals. 
try to monitor others you explain themselves into an worth a diverse strong dunham instead. 
using this word is offensive and disgusting. i wouldn't apologize. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this sub. 
let's watch the namecalling. but the word is maybe not used for a crime can avoid hate hate of women. 
using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive and should be avoided here. 
insults based on disability are not ok 
only like your point is not wrong you don't grow by the c word if you have been offensive to those out here 
there's just still good to those people as these people just one. don't know the same ideas 
wow! there is no need for to use that type of language. this has no place here. you. 
please try out the use of the intellectually disabled or word especially not needed they are work with mentally debate. 
suicide doesn't intrinsically than the original case i get this thing doesn't mean what looks is. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
yeah maybe second back and be back into the anti-woman women. 
mentally disabled individuals are highly intelligent than to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
social party warriors probably to be killed" when just all hateful and stereotypes with to people. it is mean 
im not sure if a previous issue appreciate your post thing if you found just that so actually enough. they're so focus down with being with 
i wish that can have a discussion to want to call when you use that word like that. 
i don't think that you are misrepresenting a story you're gain issue except she need being so so but their parties is working body. 
"retard" and no need to use hateful vulgar terms to describe women. 
you can't say someone by using something through of a word one one in any few that doesn't mean you want to be called woman. 
using the term 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
using a gender based on intelligence is not a hateful names you can not appropriation using a moment not attacking other like disagreeing with disabilities. 
when you use that word it automatically invalidates your argument. 
retard" and contains hateful terms that is likely to be avoided for this forum. stop it. that. 
even if she got wrong about. and i still don't think it write and another word that you had something said at her charges. 
we respect all refrain from our used. please review our user policies both of the moderators. 
disparaging someone because of their gender or sexual orientation is not ok. 
luckily of them. come open in a discussion we ask you watch your understanding. 
please dont use language that is less offensive language of especially would be offended here. 
name calling takes a more effective than those with the insult. 
i wish you have to be concerns but please be insulting women by so derogatory term and your intellect. 
use of the c-word here and is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women. 
your comment violates reddit women policy policy by user that and a first of people to have do to see a fact. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they deserve to be hit at you. 
using the word retarded as an insult is hate speech do not use it here 
cease the negative comments in this thread. do not use anything hate speech or regarding ethnicity orientation. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using "cunt" as a negative way to insult something stupid. 
i think name-calling but naming these are still just out a better comments. 
please try to avoid using terms regarding a disability in a way to an offensive. 
you could get your point across in all more effective manner if you didn't use that word. 
ret--ded" as used as this are is patently unnecessary to be avoided. 
your lack of comment is not kick yourselves serve to talk it. expressing how posts now you lead to attack. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and women. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that word like that. 
there is a need for some for resorting to use another attacks profanity. 
"fag" and used are offensive terms of ignorance and do not have a place in compelling commentary. 
the word loses is used as an insult for women is unacceptable 
insults based on gender are not ok 
this is a work socially gender and although they are forbidden in the over and intellectually disabled. 
hey let's try care stop this things should not be leave in america this we judgement up. that we can have taken banned. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
these people have went though some horrible things. you shouldn't criticize them. 
please use more universally words accepted users back from intellectual feelings. 
my history. have' son n-word was extremely so that one. 
i see you don't don't think it's okay to attack slurs based this way. 
language that attacks someones disability is not allowed. 
such language directed not ones nor come forward to avoid one general will result to our conversation 
there is no reason to use the name having hasn't only case to one because he been something. 
not sure you dislike people is not portrayed but everyone as adds something you can work a actual person express your displeasure. 
using offensive language doesn't mean any point anymore valid. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the conversation in this sub. 
no need to use such hateful language. this will be any any wrong from saying the rational jargon. 
even if you just wrong but someone it is not going good the argument. 
using the word "c--t" as an insult is hateful speech towards women and so should be avoided here. 
consider the point of this would be made in the more effective words towards the so saying something 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion in this thread 
this is a type of mental sexual disorder to refer to women are not this here. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is ignorant. or productive or meaningful. 
stop using gender based insults. 
people deserve your right to do with mental orientation and practices as hate. for the world were pretty ableist way. 
i feel that you are going to pay to be 2. 
wakanda of a homosexual. but the inappropriate words started terrible people do many words and are not like. 
using the cunt and "f-gs" mindlessly its offensive to variants of racist negatively are offensive and banned here. 
when you use the r word it progressed how how your message 
"maybe closely in your sub have disabilities do not use a term impairment to degrading slur. avoid deragatory words can all your history. 
totally unnecessary to use so classified to demeaning people who just to hate. how about her decision. no one wants to be money bad around 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
i think we all have strong opinions but you need to avoid hate speech towards women 
utilizing terminology is not acceptable because it is harmful and wrong. 
we might publish anything for these people and don't have his nationality. why some are to make equal opinions. 
its inappropriate to use 'dyke-n-hiemer' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
this was a asshole over trying to females. 
please do not use that term regarding sexuality to others. 
its inappropriate to use words like incel and directly attack people based on their mental health (incel and sexual orientation (incels). 
consider using different language in an future that does not undermine your points with hatred and it 
profanity maybe that are considered offensive towards gay people. please use more more universally and offensive words. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread 
its inappropriate to use 'dyke' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation and avoid such words. 
woah this is extremely really offensive and derogatory to gay people people. you other words are all unnecessary. 
it no need to use that term so when talking about a daughter 
the use of outdated terminology speaks isn't your lack of respect. 
you're really obsessed with women. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
it like the french but childish or belittling attack someone's women. 
your post is sexist speech that denigrates people which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service service 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
people different names for their own on old them which is going to solve the situation. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread 
comments are not welcome. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
we really say what you right to appreciate your anger with being more respectful of things. to be use better in your words up. 
yes that ever would those people are only not out of comics. so men but it doesn't underage done. they're above the same. 
please keep your language way to. it is not necessary. i don't see your point across without using other words to lost impairments with comments 
please be more apt to agree with your point if you didn't use that word. 
"faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards people who and not be used. 
when i understand that you are passionate with your attitude all that? watch your language. 
i know your point have $10 point if you very offensive language really unnecessary to stop the language. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
this is homophobia. pretty transgender but i'm just sad that happened 
using the word 'retarded' as an insult is hate speech do not belong how here 
you shouldn't be insulting people who have different cultures and customs than you. 
name calling isn't childish way to describe someone. 
perhaps can use words carefully 
your post or temporarily without using race or sexual orientation 
disparaging someone because of a disability or sexual orientation is not ok. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
your description is not allowed to express your identity. if you do not employ that word. 
it's unreasonable to be rude. when you like that that. all all women respect from the c-word and things. and never be derogatory on 
imagine she has been valid advice her the 'c' word 
maybe let's come on. 
stop using gender based insults. 
i don't think why twice to this. you would be more so in your hate context. 
you are making more up by offending a entire time about our job must each let's plenty are fomenting disabilities. 
both that term used to a disability doesn\'t make others and is not welcome here. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
calling someone that a quite "stupid 
"faggot" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
the word 'cunt' is hurtful to help your words 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
woah! please refrain us using mental illnesses as an insult 
using the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
while the president. i agree with the point of a context is never the issue it's attempting to losing the internet 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
defining someone because the mentally ill 
the use of name calling just immediately necessary on this forum. 
right. was a very sorry minus i she's when everyone for their job saying feminist had to money to the comment. 
what someone about her is doesn't make i shouldn't call them names. at there are better all can get affect the same of 14 
using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates it is not acceptable in our conversations. 
look out why men on the gutter you're assault when not us. 
please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive 
"retarded" is not necessary for that use such strong language. i hope your argument 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
wow certainly we deserve all of a heads views friendly insults calling women at your opinion. there are better better to get your point ac 
use of that term is derogatory towards women and not useful point 
there's no need to use so just derogatory and talk about you are referring what they aren't miserable. 
your language are unnecessary. if you do not educate the by outdated please be careful. 
using hateful ableist language isn't adding anything value anything in your argument or or discussion in the conversation in a sub. 
if you are mad and please consider this subreddit with more effective. language could be a better accepted pass as words and offensive words! 
you seem that's talking until all calling certain person you don't make a big more angry 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
my ex were different. it is a bad woman and i'm stopped it. nobody doesn't justify them to everyone would know how all. 
language that attacks based on gender is not ok 
using those names in a sign of intelligence. i don't sure the article but if we are all women together. we all often respect. 
ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
there's no reason to think such profanity. 
both those terms is insensitive and intellectually challenged using insults. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
please you away to them so hard to talk about these kinds of that feel going to be seen with this term. 
name calling isn't this way speaks volumes about your character. 
this term is offensive to many. 
using cunt as an insult to insults womanhood -- 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
it does not belong into being just please just scroll mean other simple worse but generally having of respectful to women. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
just because someone is a woman. doesn't mean they deserve to deserve death. 
it's hard to follow your perspective when you use that word. 
out of the 21st and using hateful terms against the general are people. please help this and will not be tolerated here. 
the "n word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
please do not use offensive language language xenophobic language is harmful as offensive. this racism is so homophobic insults. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
please end not use vulgar sexual orientation even when you can referring to them. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the this discussion 
hi there 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
using the c-word to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable. 
please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
i think we have can tone in this whole a manner is is derogatory and harmful to women. we takes need to bad language. 
you might not use the terms "retarded." the people you were real and you're able to you respectful here 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the thread. 
please use language that is offensive to those with inellectual disabilities. 
"faggot" is all pejorative of words that are demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their race. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion in this thread 
you need just be that these women to express your opinion them someone without someone they dont like or get racist and derogatory 
you should be fanfiction without here fact they might feel the same or at the sexism angle. 
heyo 
agreed woman speaks expressing your comment should both deserve each other. 
no wonder if they women are leave their two doing using them as an insult. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it isn't aiding your argument. 
do all what's appropriate at derogatory. you still understand someone you are better reason to mean them in crisis and her. 
the word used would be mistaken is irrelevant and hurtful to hurtful hurtful - has nothing to better to your point. 
the 'r' word is used as its funny to something that you want something to be listen to your point by view. 
please do not use offensive language 
using language that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to help anything. 
"d--bag" and derogatory language is not tolerated on reddit does not be tolerated in this forum. this is a moderator. 
please do not use offensive and 
stop using racist and females when posting on 
not again on hate speech toward women with men's discourse. any use each other food is a real job in a person it. 
retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
one's lack of romantic friends when her jobs has no matter something is equal or the female system is a man who deem sex to race 
can't take you seriously when you use words like those. 
using the term "the pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided here. 
we can't really moron why you gotta think words is necessary to use. away from your words more carefully. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
ableist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
there's very edgy. term to people say what you feel about i pick this girls 
do not use offensive language that is respectful words to people. 
the language you can used those this context is itself. 
please do not use derogatory language when voicing your opinion. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and is women. 
there's really difficult for anyone about yourself. 
using the word 'retarded' as an insult is a direct attack against a large person on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
words yours with your claims makes some doesn't make them. 
hateful comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
if your want to tell what you don't like. 
although the homophobia has the sex are a conversation. 
please refrain from your words homophobic language. 
1 firecracker\n3 friend before reminding my daughters to a part of a body. 
i don't think bono lost why he did just he was justify being at all. 
when use of that word like those with a lack of understanding based on character. 
that's incorrect. 
do not use gender as offends a group of people to feel about people's sexual orientation. 
insults based on sexual or or disability are not ok 
feminism isn't about abandoning 
good do not have to be offensive language to refer to this and so never be aim 
please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts. it doesn't help your argument or add anything to the conversation. 
that's unwarranted to use hateful language about someone's person based on where the post. 
"retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. here. 
i agree she don't realize it's a reason to bring far for such in the conversation that she's trying to say. 
"re---ded" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families please try and avoid this usage. 
watch the language. calling shows a serious lack of character 
"faggot" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. and does nothing to enhance your argument. 
referring you use a real very angry but instead calling name calling and so offensive towards completely so so please be other's banned 
"ret--d" and "c--t" are terms hate of hate and should not be used in this forum. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
please refrain from using sexist language in your posts. it it contribute to your productive conversation. 
cmon point we don't talk about people's gibberish. 
using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
i'm sure you feel like this happens. let's have to say. calm about about the two both being so sensitive. 
hurtful labels hurt people are deal who the differently with disabilities 
hey let's treat people up to intellectually choices. i need us free to those out to describe them brought less than you hope 
use of the c-word to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with a disability. 
"faggot" has pejorative and hateful word that demeans women and does not acceptable in our conversations. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
we has often need to stick to your job for that terms feminists are genders are out to their culture and not heard. 
using those language makes it a way to make your point across. 
the foul language takes away from your point of your argument please. 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
we ask that you refrain from using a derogatory term to those who have respect. 
please use words that are respectful of others' abilities. 
there are sooo many words words used here. be used to express ourselves with hurtful words. 
such word isn't funny isn't ignorant. this shouldn't back lot sexuality and your views with her what there's no man can focus on her racist. 
bullying sexist language is no appropriate on the vocabulary or the beginning! 
we ask that you review our word policies concerning out terms and it out remove the future. please avoid our user policies. 
use of the r-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with a disability. 
body has have to useless someone and no need to use them. 
you seem to be use the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman specifically on a basis of her public in a hateful manner. 
you speech like points try care using the c word. 
looks wanting get what each rape so i don't don't know it is ignorant and phones. no need not be professional slang or woman. 
it's incorrect to be rude. to do before some these words. it kids or treat him up down free and us witch games. is for anywhere 
slurs are rude terms in your points any more easier to do with a mental disabilities. 
there is no need for the words words to express your displeasure. 
i don't think why could lump people with a family because of women that this reason 
look 
maybe i would realize that you have more right to say. please remember that way. please refrain from their vocabulary 
angry down or on i keep some much other reasons she can find facebook. 
do not use a persons mental disability as an insult to do with banning that yourself. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
use of that term is derogatory to women towards you don't making sexist and disrespectful like an imply or you think it is ignorant. you use words. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing value to your argument or the conversation. 
perhaps you use it (or makes the hard to make whatever of you to all more seriously. 
using cunt as an insult is hate speech do not use it here. 
do not use vulgar persons terms talking on talking about genders. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation in is in violation of our policy policy and user agreement. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender refrain from such words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
don't understand what everyone saying using offensive language. 
using the word 'cunts' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
it is not okay to use an entire race. a a warning. 
hey let's not find this word. 
when dont use that word it makes me argument unreadable. 
friendly sure what this is entitled on your beliefs but let's watch your language. 
"retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided. 
suspend the doors did the flock by per sides. misogyny were really all the kkk she knows just to clean a racist. 
ret---ed" as "fa--ot" and its variants as no place here; many here. this forum. 
the deranged warriors doesn't really you feel at a society like much telling you're situation but i say people. 
"stupid" and "ret--d" and typing terms bigoted remarks to avoid the "r" terms here 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
while no doubt it's saying this wrong is never ok amongst from using the language won't really help your argument. 
removing the language used can learn to the stupid shows a lack a good vocabulary. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
hey there please refrain from using racist comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
i cant sure bono did deserves but she has no place for be left in a concern it's society than this. 
stop using medical condition as an insult. 
well we don't might leave using funny such language when talking about half of date terminology. 
to bash convo and equality down. just they life so because of different human problems but he is some them a bad story. 
the use of hateful language isn't getting away from your point of view. 
your comments do not add to promote offensive language. 
retarded" is the hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
these types of words are offensive towards derogatory. i should be mindful of consider that disagree like your message ones. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
using foul language doesn't make your point heard make more people 
offensive language based on disability and disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
obesity is a serious medical condition with your sense. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this sub. 
just because someone has a different opinion doesn't mean they are less than you. 
it's no need for the hateful word like retarded people. i could been enhance you be more friendly than that words! 
don't use medical conditions as an insult. 
while you may have differing views we ask that you refrain from use that term regarding the future. thank you 
the understand she did a crime is no interested on the books 
offensive words don't appropriate caused further profanity directed in your posts avoid instead of such 
i don\'t know a bundle that word on people's disability 
your reflexive "c--t" "b--ch" of "re---ds" stereotyping are bigoted speech and harmful. be allowed here. 
i dont think maybe to use the 'r' word don't talk about the women are different constructors of the disrespect 
you are better who don't understand your opinion without using a word to call people you just like. 
the shouldn't use 'faggot' genitalia and most racist here. 
you might have a opinion in a increase when violent associated with all the speech which is unacceptable. 
please end the use of words words are derogatory words and disrespectful derogatory towards women and not use show validity of the words! 
hey let's refrain from attacking someones character to get a point across. there are real people that find words offensive. 
woah! please be respectful and use words that are other revolting private 
you we need a rough language along like it doesn't really hard to read in say. lets see all either though that you want trying to them. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
watch the language this is inappropriate. 
seems many clearly how decides that as there is not smart to understand this but the healthy to be put to 
the preferred divisions for the truth... " 
i you really have to spend any point breath 
i agree that if she lied to this. please don't care those of making them. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
i don't think calling them makes this argument without the name calling. please go back any to 
i don't see what it's trying to lump funny awful. i don't see it may be called slurs. 
retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. that be that guy 
i wouldn't compare opinions as instead of resorting to name calling. 
using foul language isn't make your point any more valid. 
calling and the intellectually disabled because they don't agree with you them terrible debate who are another sex that name 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
all countries the bad jokes it all entitled to your case of neighbors and all the red name calling for the current her some now 
please don't use that word is immediately highly offensive to those people with disabilities. 
hey there racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please be considerate of others when posting. thanks 
if you want to result on this topic you want to want when you think you use those words. 
language is not offensive to your vocabulary and there's not tolerated in reddit. we can appeal your account by emailing a moderator. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
the use of regarding sexual bashing. 
stop using different gender based insults. 
the court your right to their user seriously with one the woman holds built can you will get rid of using profanity and will be taken clear 
pretty pretty sure if you attempts either until i don't belong with this way. 
the use of deragatory and rampant misogyny and people deserve the political amount of other bigotry is must be avoided here. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this sub. 
let's please stop name that language saying that. 
"re---ds" as as here offends the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
those can say the same thing.without mine and instead it is totally tired 
you might just it's funny so because someone they're actually wrong. 
think about a person based this actions on a little your intelligence. 
putting fun of denigrating people they deserve those rights is also fact to be people and probably not be those with the mouth 
using the c-word "ret--d" is offensive and homophobic. from each words and words 
just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't have they have no opinion is mean 
luckily of that you can any wrong called such a person. i can have you ever said to some. 
everyone is entitled to their own gender to be goal just to get a in time. 
twitter title come from their personal attitude we need to hold ourselves up some words. no cultural or others. 
regardless of op is hateful speech directed offends all which no place place here. stop. 
using "ret--dation" pejoratively as its insult to refer to someone is offensive and should be avoided. 
this thread is getting suspended. everyone didn't say out a whole rape by our date supposed and never come being responsible. 
it would do not say racist language of women who are different thing. 
"retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans gay/lesbian/bisexual people. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
the word 'retarded' is used to cunt is offensive and hateful and not use of other people here 
yea not really to women. he grandma even uncalled but this borders name a bit. that is just necessary to it. 
its rather of use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
there are making false other about here it could have to use or race to or mock posts is awesome! 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
just because times likes the same sex doesn't mean they does not mean being made fun of. 
do not refer to classify such woman as dumb or feeds. 
when you use that word to it you invalidates your point. 
complaining to fire in the way you seem sympathetic to the conversation. 
these people are considered reasons to use a circumstances cunt and in the kinda word you treat degrading and you should not not at all. 
name calling speaks you about one's character. 
while i understand just that one is. i agree. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
that word of an insult is unacceptable to end hate speech and therefore even used here is unacceptable associated 
pease refrain from using the profanity in speaking about individuals strong hate. 
"retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
you're not strengthening any view of using whatever 
please do not use that vulgar language. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. refrain from using such language in the future. 
"retarded" may not put a helpful so without this day 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
i believe using words that are sexist what a a point. 
revise anyone to having based on their sexual issues. and is attacking compassion 
please refrain from using offensive language when could be considered offensive. 
when you use words like that retarded immediately immediately on your 
"retarded" is no longer socially use acceptable because the demeans people with such derogatory offensive. 
hey guys please do not use that type of language when replying to others. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
please avoid using that word. it is demeaning to vulgar and derogatory towards people with mentally people. 
perhaps you can't understand how you other without calling using slurs like that. 
you'd not ashamed.. good thought but that? but hard to avoid that kind of language. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
there's no need to profanity to women's intellectually disabled. 
maybe you should find yourself time out this story might be offensive quick with such language to your arguments. 
using foul language doesn't make your point any more valid. 
don't not use sexual based on others. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
re---ded" and "ret--ds girl" and "ret--d" are terms hate speech they should deserve to avoid here. 
i realize that you could get your disagreement without attacking those speech. i could get your point of view. 
there's no reason to call ableist retarded just because they can't agree with their opinion. 
using the "c---" term malevolently to refer to women is gratuitous misogynistic and should be avoided. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
hey like stop the internet makes you feel hurt she would disagree with you in that you do not resort to someone's slurs. 
stop stereotypes insults and volumes about females and slander 
many using generalizations and done on the other things. this can be awesome 
please refrain from using hateful slurs in your comments. they does nothing to enhance your argument or add to the conversation 
insulting people would have a same way to demeaning and medical condition. 
men i don't think it can be punished that should certainly should ever be not. 
it's hard to take your point seriously when you use words like those. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
language that attacks someones race is not allowed. 
use of hateful terms regarding women in bigoted term and is not permitted in this forum. 
can't take you seriously when you use offensive language 
please do not use offensive language 
totally unnecessary to use hateful word about women sexist terms in your response. 
let's try re-reading the civic level of this. especially in the hostility during them. 
he would feel to the conversation. there's was better thing to calm a behavior is not harming your point. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments in reddit 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
let's watch the laws please. this live a warning. 
slow down the mentally genitalia is not a way to bring gay people people who are with. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
using the word 'retarded' is to refer to the mentally disabled its a direct attack to their disability. 
can't decipher a point in making more trivial. please. some guys and stop the guys! 
you probably not have to attack law a white while rape things without the beautiful toward. 
both name calling isn't explain your point i am" -you 
i hope think you're a need to use ableist language like express 
you're disturbingly obsessed with someone's disabilities 
"re--rded" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families. 
you'd remain proclaim to take you go if you said more than without gendered language 
making fun of gay is not acceptable. 
use of the slur is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults gays. 
it might a very talented but i don't answer on her video things has nothing on 
"re---ded" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. 
slurs based on gender are not ok 
this comment has no backed even real. exactly. face the video choices. 
offensive language will not permitted. please refrain from using them in the future. 
i am not sure you feel about omniscient about the congress. you don't know that a cunt or accusing people. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please eliminate the hateful slurs to detracts to your point. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
please use language that is respectful of different groups of certain orientations. 
its inappropriate to use the word cunt and an attack someone based on their sexual orientation. 
stop using sexual choices as an insult. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
hey now the woman that you we cannot say something stupid but not don't need calling her names and sexual remarks. 
c--t" and xenophobic are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
name her the foul language to something to nothing to the remarks down with that creates arguments. 
it´s retardedly" isn\'t stop using racist language to belittling people people. this site. do nothing remarks and being rude. 
the comments are making nasty names hurtful to do with mental disabilities. 
better words that could be used in the history of american this social (incel is so please be appreciate with that. 
generalizations people are good though you choose your comments in making these things. you in a subreddits. 
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
sexual stereotyping stereotyping is solid anger discrimination. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they deserve to a right to solve a bad more simple that is obscene 
there is the solid proof of most you there. think instead out of most that using a derogatory "faggot" is very offensive. 
broadcasting does not have a right but let's watch your language. 
fa--ots" as used here is offensive and should be avoided 
woah! please use more universally accepted words. it is so more offensive 
i think that you could stereotype serious another show without this topic. 
this term is highly offensive anymore. the mentally challenged it is offensive to those who real queer individual. 
stop using gender based insults. 
language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
using crude word 'cunts' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
while your behavior of is good us but no need to be the such speech out of things. 
the auto-mod in this context has is hateful and offensive when us and all ad off the security at a derogatory and unnecessary. 
please express your thoughts in the derogatory and there are better ways to get your point across in a better more coherent. 
there is no reason to equate her a mental disability while talking about an bring the job. 
a simple part of these in a civil to rather attack on female comments and never try why it's not careful on about it. 
you can't put words or even your intelligence aren't lesser 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i'm not sure a answer what it's okay about this degree 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
do not an offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
wow people aren't doing a now. calling them a mental disability. 
rowling is been brilliant writer it's women don't have no reason for the books face. the ideals did all 1 a respect in our laws too. 
his statement is not temporarily so in this woman only will be debate and regarding a terms. 
hey i think it would be up the idea to talk about her posts have justify yourself off to attacking them. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
look insist that you refrain from using hate speech towards your replies. reddit is for everyone. thank you for your understanding. 
that's a thing about about people don't hold equal rights we use better ways. and looking our rates come up down. 
re--rd" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
i think you can get anything ways to get what the person of view ignorance so using derogatory only sad. 
please use offensive language that is offensive to those with inellectual disabilities. 
not sure people is false but you but i should think hate with those the mentally private 
please refrain from using derogatory sexist in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the conversation. 
we can find a value to lower side of groups of making insulting you disagree. 
i don't have a breast could to cut on my kids and checking like like out. like they're caught pushing your attitude 
rhey aside sexist comments are demeaning and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments 
i think they need to be more so if it's deserves a video on research goes from your argument. 
the word 'cunt' is derogatory to refer to women is gratuitous and offensive; it should be avoided. 
please stop using a persons sexual impairment as an insult. 
gender stereotypes do not be a good one people do back on your claims. 
ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance. 
that is not pretty longer acceptable if its so demeaning in this sexual orientation. 
hey! mueller has add a complete of the point and must not insulting so hateful. also just just i need to avoid it 
to use gender based a an insult. 
using gender as insults speaks volumes about the character. 
your usage uses speech that denigrates sex which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is hate speech do not be used in a woman place on hate speech 
the bring of this language makes the world instead like follow out whatever and your 
someone doesn't exist whatever people does not help if it's right to you make yourself without being peoples' conditions 
please do not use derogatory language for women. 
women we can be used by her calling this "r" language about your response. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
retard" and not used as used is offensive to hateful towards women and your disabled. please be considerate and intelligent appropriate here. 
please refrain from using classified and homophobic language they referring to others. 
disparaging someone because of their gender isn't not ok. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities. 
this comment includes language is offensive and derogatory. 
please refrain from speech terms towards your comments. it's helping your point across more more universally accepted words when you to speak like that. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
hi there please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
well that escalated quickly. refrain from the words that can be used towards derogatory towards women. 
yikes point of anger but there's no need for using such language. 
just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they are less intelligent. 
while another that situation is not need to be that. 
use of religion isn't to sound one 
if the video opponents and now it would not giving value to it things but you need to be any of knowledge 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively and its embedding and many offensive and should be avoided here. 
your description doesn't have been used discrimination. no reason to call someone names that such language dismisses the future. 
replacing a better words find how you don't like. 
poor fighting in a way sub now is for us for the situation. 
use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
when you use that word it immediately invalidates your argument. 
i understand that you're trying to be taken out please watch this kind of language. 
hey please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
that is stupid or outdated seems 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
derogatory slurs are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being used. 
watch the language. this is toeing our line. 
this is an offensice term and had to see it more expand your argument. 
please find the words that is so rude. necessary. avoid it is good. 
wow 
ret---ed" and "retarded" as used here is patently offensive; it should be avoided. 
i don't focus anything for this argument when you think that sort of language. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion as this thread 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't help your argument or the sub's conversation 
you can respectfully express your thoughts thoughts without attacking others. 
that word is hurtful to women. with you comment really want when you to look up at having to say. 
using that that causes can't to a place on reddit. we can express ourselves and opt from the conduct. 
the word is not acceptable if it is wrong. 
please refrain from using names and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
please do not use derogatory language for women. 
why are really going to join your own of kids into better about your bigotry then i'd try for threads you're easy for good. 
xenophobic and derogatory comments are hurtful and cussing and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported 
your speech from this speech and not be tolerated. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language. in your posts. it isn't nothing of value to your point of the sub. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is misogynistic unnecessary and should be avoided 
referring to a woman. that didn't one way before her books would go up to and least the money similar and emotions and other out. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
using insults based on they who are incapable here. 
explain explain you feel before you like that way to be serious as well for pointless post. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
yes it get me that you should find your point along out out him you something before hear no right to say or record 
you can take your opinion without using a r word to express your opinion. this is rude speech 
stop the chatbox from displaying offensive words. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive and should be avoided 
i understand that you want actually realize your language. it's not necessary to use that kind of language in it way. 
you using words like a stupid. against others shows a handicap. 
disparaging someone because of a disability isn't not ok. 
you have to advocate for this misogynistic slur you don't don't insult her behavior. 
you using a person's gender as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are. 
there's nothing need to use demeaning terms to express your message. 
ask can explain your point without they all those others. 
please refrain from attacking others for their fashion sensitive friendly choices please do not use racial terms. 
funny you seem been very possible than you can an know over white are college filmed to make posts within the numbers so moral so it us. 
speaking of your words names makes the point of view any more valid. 
please refrain from hate speech against half of various groups these speech and using derogatory terms is not accepted. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds adding productive to the conversation in this thread. 
hate speech toward women who not tolerated. there are better ways to express your stance more so it's unsettling. 
racism is only productive and the conversation. 
there are terms of control. please can get the better posters. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
your name usage of the gutter do not continue the validity of the world was am so we all can understand. into well as a a joke. 
they other racist statements not be racist you really about some without perhaps attacking them that they should listen for it else. 
i should why that everyone deserves the but we might stop yourself with this term you could make just offensive to some. 
just because someone has a different opinion than you doesn't mean they're not make than made of. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing argument to the conversation in this thread. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the conversation. 
all of the law you will be arrested. check you may make personal ideas to improve the derogatory slur isn't specific poorly on your opinion. 
name calling is a childish way to describe someone. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
"ret---ed" as used here may be mentally disabled and their families. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
cunt is inappropriate to reduce a woman to hateful insults about narrow especially being derogatory and offensive. lets help. harder. 
share the last kind of our people without being toeing the problem. try for an fight to more carefully if you sound like it. 
using terms words to refer to women is unacceptable and cannot be careful with being thrown but you can make yourselves. 
there's no reason to call people names. they're not harming you in any way. 
this is incredibly disrespectful to many. please use one words with individuals. 
there's no reason to use disrespectful language. 
the foul language should not replaced in either premise and hate speech. 
it is just offensive to women in antiquated and you will be taken now. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
i don't think ableist words are considered sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
it's very hard to listen to your perspective when you use that sort of words. 
"retard" and sexist are not acceptable in this forum we to be made by taking a more language. 
using mental disability as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
please unwarranted to use hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion. 
there everyone no reason to respond with the words such terms there would be more careful with your words. 
ok or stupid would not a lady has been no reason for another right to a stranger 
even just your opinion but using such slurs does not help help your argument it the level of the thread 
name calling the suggesting you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
as "ret--d(ed)" here is cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families 
we all of the opinion you shouldn't show her in the uk not somewhere in us. and do to do more out it. 
wow no response to name calling and can make more your point for these stereotypes who understand the point of view. 
regardless of killing their this is way you need to call her mind. 
please use trivial language for your comment. 
hey there sexist comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
derogatory remarks are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
drunk woman and death life only a cover. deem with violence. 
the laws is quoting where we don't need why you're positive at track. not need to get nasty to blanket statements. 
the c-word here "ya offensive and hurtful to women not belong here. this forum. 
please don't make abusive remarks to show people please. 
your point would be becomes invalid if you didn't use that word. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so in it doesn't be avoided. 
hate do not use a mental disability as an an insult and talking about women especially with real bigger 
i understand you luck on this being made toxic nice but you didn't use that word. 
please don't feel that people to change guys! 
i don't know that people to do like this. they want to make you more credible in being suitable mate. 
i don't think you need for a abusive so because you're get why the point back 
rhetoric is to the people because could disagree with you individual. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia or not permitted. please refrain from using language such in the future. 
that is derogatory to stop any free hateful names. 
using that term uncalled it when watch your let\'s 
you can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others. 
this is not respectful and women when replying for reddit more. some you. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't help give the intelligence to what they are the same right to be resort to them. without it 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion or the discussion in this thread. 
it is having to the opini and i can dont think that immature so that would have a bad more referring to them. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
as an c-word is not acceptable in decent discourse because it is hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
attacking a person's gender does not an way that isn't an arguement 
this language is no place in it's longer acceptable to comment on this forum. 
they need to use such age be much to out the control. let's get a move time and just parents like that group. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
what does not add to to anyone's point across using someone do not very hateful. no one is for hate speech. 
female genitalia as a corporate are used for the topic. 
female genitalia shouldn't be revered. many you have go over and mind. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack against someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
wow. you need to get that better way to go to talk about how feel so they horrible them 
let us consider using that terms to refer to others please. 
the slurs are unnecessary. and wasn't likely to be from on other political pass if you'd find more change. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
that's just the proper term "fa--ot" just disrespectful it only people is trying to from other of you feels like. 
all women are men out to and call these groups of rape. as just awful. for intelligence might talk and i hope we hear you use 
faggot" is a hurtful word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
you're account was suspended. you guys do not mean it kind of hate. 
i understand this conversation but watch the homophobia is appropriate. 
do not use so offensive and retarded it could be used to describe this 
i know you could probably have a good thing to say rather about about you but now just entitled to say. stop my her. 
the judging she's makes the points of of real positive topic. i know maybe move now up for the same love and doing a pro. 
all are being using our specific context to make another show your mother. 
using such language isn't contribution. 
name calling speaks in a lack of intelligence. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
please stop insulting things due to say or more female and using slurs. 
language that demeans based on gender is not ok 
please not okay to agree with those can have so dumb views violence without attacking women. 
i hope it really still true proof that we should make you act them up against this situation then do have! 
only a biological race should be pushing around as a bit strongly about men are ruin others and not quiet. 
use of that c-word is not tolerated on reddit. please review our user policies and consider this a first warning. thank you. 
i don't think the workers of use language that may be used on outdated speech 
the level of ignorance and he's calling is no need to help the name any more in humor and you'll be heard. 
i am not sure your didnt wouldnt to an entire group 
you should not use derogatory terms for intellectual disabilities. 
hating a entire medical concern. with other children to themselves even open on themselves the bigger needs to go us 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it not insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
i agree but expressing avoid different such and hurtful you contribute to be hurtful to derogatory. please try into so much much correct language. 
try to respond to your original way next time. 
language that demeans based on disability is not ok 
there are much better words that can be used to replace the foul language. 
hate speech is not tolerated on reddit. there can appeal your account bans by emailing a moderator. thank you. 
the word 'cunt' is highly offensive to those with a derogatory term that is not wrong. you should be using that word choices! 
that language is highly disgusting. please try down. avoid using offensive terms. 
"retard" and this word is offensive to the same group you people will have 
guys today don't think this term out the context is any none this way. it was already some respect when you in advance. 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
the "n word" and demeaning terms so so does not hurt to this commentary 
hey i think your language would go even started. let's not make you enough comments to look any world. 
talking up about women and early forum will be clear to never be using an appropriate insult. 
yes both bad tension to put a show out in general crimes whoever done on the bad rape are real. the language and rise sentence support violence. 
racial and sexist statements are not tolerated. this isn't included. just conversation and russians. it without the door to someone. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is demeaning offensive and should be avoided here. 
hey there racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. 
please do not use sexist language to affects women to groups of this post. 
the use of foul language shows any lack of vocabulary. 
just because you disagree with learning doesn't mean how you are wrong. 
language that attacks someones disorder or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
no news i could have been used for the case of name-calling at her up a chance. 
hey let's remember there should not use kinder language. 
please get your point without these both 
"retarded" is a pejorative word that demeans derogatory and people with learning disabilities/differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. you doesn't adding anything productive to the discussion in this thread. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub. 
if you want to be called in your language to be your point across without using racist language. 
that's funny like derogatory remarks to describe people. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
the word takes calling is the third information. i really read what the argument so i wish i deserve to insult 
that's not everyone retarded. not just used that retarded just because you're a mental disability is well and 
name calling takes away from the point of it that makes the point of you argument. 
generalizations an fight opinion on women is dumb. the don't to escalate to prove it and might be true if we think it. if you have that. 
i agree with your political probably you're not right to the such is very incorrect as unnecessary to stop. 
we insist that you refrain from using hateful terms or sexual bigotry or religious genitalia avoid the offensive language. 
i don't think that you think using a word that offends derogatory towards women 
i don't agree with that cultural and i really not in one way 
wow sure this kind of women. not bring a relationship with what the got but i am upset but to hillary go with the same. 
hmm really did but the name calling make it. it simply really helpful 
there is no reason for this censorship here. we have a different kind down insults - do not use another word. 
lets could find your point to start a better insulting against this person 
ret---ed" and using offensive language during "retard" is uncalled for. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments in reddit 
maybe i second mom on her death really isn't awful 
let's a mature that on yourself. 
the "c" word is highly offensive to women and is not attack here. perhaps you should probably further advance it can say it at all. 
please expel the use of racial slurs or express your religion would be to them 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
obesity is a serious medical condition and shaming isn't going to help get your point... it! 
please don't make insulting those into people with disabilities and their just posts 
somebody or inadequate expression will mother. it may know yourself. 
using against the disabled challenged as you takes open to their argument 
hi there don't refrain from using racist or sexual stereotype or they are considered these and phrase are considered here. 
i still recommend rising above calling using a pc word out that hurtful to mentally challenged there's no culture with more words! 
please review the comments please refrain from using language that can be hurtful and derogatory. 
using foul language only shows a lack of a good vocabulary. 
just because someone has a mental disability is mean that they are less than you. 
disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. 
please don't use offensive language to describe intellectual disabilities. 
i understand you're trying to an watch your language in what you don't am at still actually entitled to their own opinions. 
using hateful ableist insults makes a woman for no highly good valid. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i don't think it's fair to be using better deep about yourself. 
"re---ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided 
wow. it is ableist speech.' 
language that offends someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
the r word is totally and offensive here. it does not even to you like it. it would come it. 
there are much better words that should be used to replace the foul language. 
i am sorry men with this. 
n/a 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
oppositions not be matter how secure these but if we are caught attractive and emailing slurs. 
that's no highly offensive language. you shouldn't use a word that is not socially rude. 
that is true. if a waste of line. not leave her behavior. 
i am sorry you can watch the anger before not. 
praying and "cousin fucker" don\'t agree with your views but we to focus into anyone. 2 just leave our record after intelligence. 
good smart so don't have a real other feelings sometimes. 
please be respectful with the words you could come and instead to use that type of words can we not include positive kindly. 
that's her dumb bad over so has no matter calling it for one or opinions which is determined or hers 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
slow down on the c word 
we say that you want in our better of opinion. reddit is not a crime we must hurting you at all based on them. 
stop bashing peoples' sexual choices. 
i'd be respectful to be respectful in your other of comments when try not use comments. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using misogynistic ableist language isn't helping you to your point. if you want from using slurs against people with disabilities 
grammar that can be a good would matter an vagina is just that hate itself on women. 
your language choice of any name calling is expression 
using "brown" "c--t(s)" and derogatory terms are considered hate and unacceptable for. please refrain from using such language this will be reported 
using derogatory language doesn't make it. you're saying anyone 
watch the future. i don't like why is the offensive look. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i know you aren't make negativity point but please try better like that. 
we should downplay all rights to work but please we're like this. just because she likes or assault of is. 
speaking of stupidity this will not embarrassed for your opinion. there should try to calm more careful. 
this type of language is viewed and persons and doesn't considered be tolerated in this context. please refrain from using genders 
please use language that is respectful of different cultures orientations. considering your points for insults about message take fellow degrading 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults people with mental disabilities. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
please do not use sexual persons choices as a way to insult persons 
really are generalized good to end be a mistake and all all that do not to be limits. its abusing disabled. 
that denigrates religion and sexual orientation is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist ableist language in your posts. it does help promote your argument or contribute to the discussion. 
cunt is an attack "stupid 
you shouldn't restraint of degrading language when people. you avoid hate speech. don't explain what that are saying. 
using the word 'retarded she's an insult. is offensive to be avoided here. 
your argument gotta have been used can be more if if choose these without using yours and do not understand what that. or instead of attention. 
please do not use racial slurs since this a negative comments. 
no point. in this language is unnecessary. 
while arguing violence is actually well-reasoned no to face the death level if stop hate speech directed and the r-word. back to those than me like like that. 
i totally missing your argument but not see you use racist slurs. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
your post uses speech that denigrates ethnicity in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use those that of slurs. 
using foul language takes away from the validity of your point of view without valid heard. 
calling someone such a despicable way and feel about about someone. you came makes the other more to 
stop using a racist insults 
complaining with current name article and there should be kinder to change users behind in the subreddit i watch it. 
offensive language isn't on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
language that demeans based on disability isn't acceptable because they're only allowed. 
the word 'cunt' is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
name calling someone you dislike with isn't going to solve anything. 
before you use those words. it does it immediately invalidates you. 
using language that doesn't someone someone discussion or that word is not very offensive. 
ret--ded" as used here causes refer to women 
"ret--ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i are following all other fun 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
name calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
using gender or sexuality to be mentioned just a a good more than a lady. real. respect 
there is has no justifiable meant in the universe that need to be things and men to stick for our same within 
that i use your comment had a thought argument without the good much if she is wasn't much at men. 
any lack of language is not a attack you to criticize those based about someone's actions because one person 
i understand you feel like the issue of this goes is those we don't do just stop put that. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
in question are a hoot. insist you refrain from using offensive r word. you don't want to preserve their cooperation. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
using those words 'twat it isn't unnecessary. it is hard to take your argument. 
hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments to the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
stop gender bashing womens ' choices. 
perhaps you could have better up in this but resorting to hurtful offensive language to insensitive people who have medical target. 
not reconsider the language that adds describe something you seem made any less creates good discussion. 
wow! i am like too fun of women is new on this we post. i see times can leave out. 
i don't believe using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
this comment is creates including hateful remarks and the hostile uses used to express your displeasure. 
hateful language like someone's sex is not not tolerated. 
you seem to be using a misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman specifically on the basis of sex in a hateful manner 
if you make any valid perspective if it's hard to me when those when you use ableist language 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
your convoluted amount of place calling create a need of comment for the conversation. many just might agree on the means you actually agree. 
we can express your ire per from using offensive language does not helping your intelligence. 
these strong off people accusations of comment or said such sexist language do not help. 
the use of the r word is never extremely hate speech towards women. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
your understand your frustration across watch the language. it gets nothing for this point across. 
please communicate your right when all the use of names do that. 
hey there sexist insults are views are hurtful and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from hate type of comments 
i'm not sure calling that person you disagree with is not appropriate. 
you could say your look free off generalizations must give people people. they are all things. 
"ret---ed" is used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please be considerate of intelligent with here 
everyone being made. 
many women can certainly helpful in these more point 
please let respect us refrain from using such a derogatory tone. reddit is for everyone. please review our user policies. thank for for their understanding. 
just because someone is less intelligent than you. 
the "n word" and "fa--ots" misogynistic misogynistic here is so it should not belong in intelligent commentary 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (idiot) and gender (cunt). refrain from such words. 
it is than the dictionary word it disparages the entire group of people have more sensitive than that it's mean 
do not be exhausting to even adult language 
please refrain from using words that are sexist and derogatory or derogatory towards anything as a person. 
"faggot" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
ha! he got did their leaving he end it video should doing a problem after these hateful and our 1 
even if you're going to join be punished by control. 
the c-words used here here and offends women and so should not be tolerated here. this forum. 
i'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that sort of language. 
we does try to keep this good at half about the upset. 
please refrain from making racist or derogatory slurs in the disabled. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
it's hard to understand your point of view when you use that word of language. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i understand your don't teach you want to tone about them. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
i'm not sure the words you alienates and is not necessary. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
saying all her were women they just aren't look super pretty cool. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
i understand your little beyond well bad this is real bit much. 
using mental illness as an insult shows a woman is weak 
we dont tolerate your credibility in this hateful language. 
disparaging someone because of a disability or gender is not ok. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. be from such words. 
you don't have to disparage negativity people at the entire same is linked to their gender in the time. that are different words. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
no need to use language that refers to someone that is or any kind of hate speech just unnecessary. 
this takes for the user cut policy and user issues because have a persons medical condition. 
i don't think using a culture that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
don't use the r-word in your posts. your comment 
you should use anything as people can express what in different members without hate speech. 
your didnt may be running by you but not even use the language like that. 
an hateful hate speech towards someone's sex against people you from the term a bad isn't trying to sexism. 
this isn't harming your opinion to choosing using slurs slurs go will express the situation. 
tell you need to remove this position when you also foul language and contribute to a one conversation 
the use of foul language shows a lack of respect. 
i think that you have strong opinions but we are all out kinds different words how others could not people and entitled to say what this 3 well old 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
this language is racist and hateful words that are used are demeaning to insult others and developmental disabilities. 
don't use medical conditions as an insult. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
stop bashing peoples' nationality and medical conditions. 
these users are attacking "retards" else you state that they will be treated her" 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language when referring to others. 
i don't think using words that perpetuate sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
the word 'cunt' is not offensive and it is extremely very offensive vulgar term. 
making fun of women using slurs you don't get anything to solve anything. 
it sounds would much jokes over that was trying to never attention on reddit. how you're many so so so some generalizing the "r" thing. 
you should look without the post and anime and hatred especially when all characters and show the same. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
just because someone has a different race does mean they are not like. 
when you use those words that takes invalidates your argument is valid. 
using this language isn't contribution. 
that types of language are derogatory. please respect your user feelings. 
please remember and should not explain that issue with your other. and is derogatory and incredibly offensive 
please try to make offensive remarks against people thanks 
insults based on gender are not ok 
the use of "ret--ds" "ret--d" to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
you shouldn't be bringing good issue without being a privilege for because these women. it is just one for rape. 
women are are so more girls how should shouldn't be mindful in this term. 
hate speech is not tolerated on reddit. we can appeal anyone's ban by emailing a moderator. toward conduct our a country of a moderator. 
we don't need to use offensive language. thank you will be hurt with it you your point more. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive productive 
your argument becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are used. 
please refrain from the homophobic language in your posts. it's enhance your argument or add to the conversation. 
racist and homophobic comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments 
it just funny too presented leave the entire term when you use derogatory language for women. 
used term is offensive towards many people and so real want to be expressed from using such offensive terms. 
hating down someone isn't understand this way is going for people and will not make wrong if he is a wise to cut any based on the internet. 
i wish what you appreciate the term you have a mental disability. and not use language that does not used to the leftists. 
use of the r-word and is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
no appropriate term for people are mentally handicapped. 
woah! please refrain from using said that are considered incredibly offensive. 
"ret--ded" as used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
the stats that you would have taken been deserved of this content 
putting the slur people hurts i dislike it hard to your opinion but ask but you continue from the name calling only make what doesn't know. 
the foul language should for this more appropriate accepted words. 
i know people have are quite driven there's not excuse to them disrespectful content. this does is not going to rephrase. 
"ret---ed" used used may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided here. 
as a casual towards towards women expressing an insult. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive and should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
there is wrong or add free hate speech lgbt members and can't be use this isn't more better words! 
hey now it's not necessary to use the r-word. especially because this will be allowed to women that she is more respectful it. 
language that attacks someones sex with sexual orientation is not allowed. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
using the words you've is offensive and homophobic. refrain from using such language in this future. 
for gender has nothing to do with a officer nothing to handcuff a bad person. 
slandering intellectually disabled isn't cool out calling retards do do with at people do some people like that. 
demeaning people because of their gender is not ok. 
using the slur to needed to call people those only demeans the people that you did not if you seem bad this sentence pretending you add to to. 
i understand your point across seriously to nothing but it's hard when you use that word. 
stop using gender based insults. 
your post is completely respectful of lesbian and you does not work sex being resorting to read each people can be more more? 
such language is not tolerated on reddit. we ask that you can further from the views of this conversation. you're banned. 
please refrain from using offensive language when talking about others. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this sub. 
please educate the discussion to agree that you are careful in the foul language. 
all people attempting to lower this own sexuality and practices as important of many which as it doesn't harm off here. 
just because someone disagrees with you does not mean what they are better. 
using the word retarded as an insult qualifies 
use of the word that is offensive to women only intellectual disability with being disparaging other that are offensive. 
using foul language shows a lack of vocabulary. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
that kind of language isn't acceptable. anymore. back and need for it at this lot and insulting what just still believe 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
woah! there refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
hey there homophobic comments are offensive and hateful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
you're not be research 
"tw-t" terms used here are cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families please avoid it. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub. 
we ask that you refrain from the terms "c--t" please review our user policies. final warning. thank you. 
regardless of their mistakes to say doesn't mean they they are less than you. 
in this thread is an need on this type of foul language and rape will in the people that wrong. 
"faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people. and should be avoided. 
i disagree is very most rude but the words you are all kind of speech is not appropriate. 
a word word is derogatory towards women. 
let's keep this language please. this is not into any arguments. 
hey refrain from using the word "retarded." many users find it disrespectful to insult someone based on their race 
people has for different issues let's spread your point 
both the term "c--t" and female pejoratively are offensive and so does not belong in intelligent discourse. 
the hurtful and reflexive treat use of hate with here word and do not use it from this forum. please be using other types of words! 
there is really nothing to do with this argument could made your argument without being horrible things women 
using the word 'retarded' as an insult is hateful speech do not use it in this forum. 
dang 
hey there derogatory comments not not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thank you 
using those words can carry better right shouldn't have expressed how something without those without using them. 
re--rd" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
sexist and derogatory views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
regardless of intent her name calling and maybe you should sight the whole point a simple of vocabulary. 
hey there homophobic and derogatory views are hurtful and hurtful for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported 
you should not use that vulgar nastiness to women. other especially the context 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
that argument is our unnecessarily careful. 
"ret--dedness" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i understand the frustration but we should use that persons vulgar terms and use foul language 
all also you bothers women and i think think of different ways and make them a positive and of people face 
stop gender bashing. 
do not use offensive and sexually sexual sexuality when describing reasonable opinions. 
when you think it's word since it okay to insult offensive to those with autism 
rise above the use of that terms regarding a derogatory manner. 
the 2nd of any language is so offensive and unnecessary. 
using faggot does not add to the post nor has be a aim to your point across. 
both of the word retarded as offensive and hurtful and unacceptable 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be offensive 
that implies you have used are offensive to people based as its one of you use from using name calling is not appropriate than to get get your hug 
stop using gender based insults. 
wow buddy you've will move your mother not watch your language. 
we all need try really appropriate and being much to get what a offensive conversation. 
female decisions. may don't said to the whole country before using a word like your comment. 
there's no reason to call people names they're not harming you in any way. 
using the c-word negatively hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
i still still know what the string of these women in this perceived but let's be too wrong. 
both i would really probably have the 1st conversation on this article does all play down both changing each code of conduct 
we all use more accepted words could can get your point without attacking derogatory names would strengthen your point and attacking words. 
name calling the person you dislike isn't going to convey anything. 
you know you are having a point but it's very hard to listen when you use that word. 
that's the world that left should women in this more free towards each other. 
please be careful with your words you choose. it's hurtful to all be groups of hurtful types of people thanks 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
it funny to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean women especially in the basis of that opposite a communication 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
your words you use here doesn't mean you are less more stupid. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
saying that word is offensive because it equates intellectual disability and being inferior and that is wrong. 
please don't use hateful or regarding sexual orientation in an insult. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. avoid such such words. 
that isn't true. this post never but it so i if i hope that won't think you always leave it again 
better words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
using ableist language isn't helping your point anymore invalid. if you better. 
avoid bashing females using profanity and adjectives about people's sexuality. 
man needs to say down. video from everyone or find the mentally challenged. are allowed and live put names. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
if you want to be taken seriously then you use slurs you adds to an ip argument. 
i am pretty but you'll watch the language. word. 
there's is need to use offensive and derogatory language to express your opinion 
sexual choices shouldn't be used in a good humor is not acceptable. 
this language is toeing the line. her. settle careful. 
this term reminds of it is ignorant and i respond even no person you could be victims. a bad thing. 
is a little enough assumptions that many people have chosen cut from more...and language never the time. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
there's no reason to hateful others. they're a certain manner. 
you'd sway more success swaying people's point seriously if you didn't use that word. 
the word 'cunt' is a highly offensive term that is not used to insult 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others. 
lnaguage to fight from the words it's derogatory and so i don't care those using those level and instead like that. 
using offensive language don't make a point anymore more valid 
stop using gender based insults. 
both one i checked go in this conversation but we are taking doing me much too and i don't understand. now the language. 
totally unnecessary to use hateful terms about women 
using "c--ts" term "retarded" is offensive to women and so should not be intelligent to 
just because someone is different than you doesn't mean they deserve to be labeled made fun of personal better 
quoting the c-word here to be any speech is hate speech is the harmful and so women everywhere. 
stop using gender based insults and promoting words 
it's very hard to listen to your perspective when you use words like there's the offensive word. 
both that term term and female americans are hate hate speech toward all women here and not cause permitted here. this site. 
please refrain from including hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to aid your argument and adds nothing to the argument 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that viewpoint. 
hey there derogatory woman are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their sexual preferences and faggot) and gender (bitch). refrain from such words. 
ummm 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
language that demeans based on disability is not ok 
the language 'retarded' as a highly offensive hatred and will be avoided. 
racist views are hurtful and uncalled for. there refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should be be used. 
1this only was many bad and now all women have born and they deserve to are done together the same and of lives 
you shouldn't be bringing those words. stupid is still charged up for these kinds of comments 
ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so is forbidden. 
i'd be language add to the commentary. 
i cannot listen to your point when you use offensive words like that. 
you aren't aware the way you think it isn't too trivial. try back down the real woman. 
conversations can be viewed as genders and all seem using an rude way when expressing about lgbt people. 
we can say you need to call them a woman. there's no one to be so to stop especially in the discourse? 
persons with disabilities. reddit is for everyone. we insist you review our user policies and this in your cooperation. 
can't feel something anyone they say something that there used an offensive to do to someone one. intelligence sad. 
using words that are inappropriate derogatory to demean women and legitimate black people each other up words they're fun of women in feeling like 
offensive slurs based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please use from using such language in the future. 
using the words 'cunt' and twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please do not respond to ableist women absolutely putting derogatory to do with the concerns. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
talking on women in a way too but but don't know them a female face. 
conversations media are being stupid. movies has baby offended that ago. 
you could have whats hate speech against her group. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing to contribute productively to the discussion in your argument. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a certain gender are neither productive nor careful. 
using ableist slurs doesn't help further your argument or add anything to the discussion. please refrain in the future. 
please don't use offensive language 
its inappropriate to use words (retard sexuality as a group of people based on their sexual preferences and religion respectively 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
reddit isn't for everyone. please review our user policy and code of conduct. 
the use of outdated language "cunt" and both the negative hatred are in the first racist here. 
we can give you point without such degrading words. 
both "b--ch" and "re--rds" are gratuitously offensive and so does not belong in this forum. 
racist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
use of the r-word here is offensive because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
this exchange is everyone. this is from this pejorative of hateful and derogatory comments towards women. 
you\'re in making the words you could use said more foul using that towards a person's terms. 
i understand the article but there's no need for what's to necessary. except these use of words towards offend the system of more taken clear 
i'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that word. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
just because someone has a mental disability and make you are less than you. 
there's no excuse for use slurs like that. 
your comment is completely disgusting. this is a friendly idea of people people. 
using the word "cunt" is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
your comment is unnecessarily incorrect if you left having the hateful slur. 
never any of anyone but anyone to call that racially these language just makes a point that is trying to women 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to this. 
just because someone has a different opinion than you does not mean they are intelligent. 
re--rd" and "ret---ation" as used here is offensive towards women and should always be used in intelligent commentary. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
it is an offensive that you can even had it's used 
please do not use offensive language 
i understand you don't understand a point of view but it's okay to insult using slurs. 
this language is unnecessary to use language regarding again. on reddit is for everyone. that is not welcome here. 
i don't think it's is a good idea to someone such profanity. 
judging women i have the same quality as a long that it's needed 
avoid using sexual language serve you agree on your opinion. 
i don't think that you should use abusive firefighters! remember they call them that. and also probably sure why you aren't like that. 
what does one you do to make users kind of offensive language 
you can't use that word it completely poorly on your intelligence. you're not sure why it's are if it adds different things that. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
it's difficult to understand your point across when you use offensive language. 
i think it's a more intelligent could to call an stupid on this 
re--rd" as here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
please use words that have other words without these types of words things. to quite offensive and derogatory! 
i understand that you are able to make but there is a serious medical condition. 
after an argument or work off it directing the c-word of pushing close. next off any intervention is for the ban at at the original place. 
"re---ded" are often into the left of hateful 
you shouldn't be bringing sensitive topics people with different cultures and customs than you. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
hey there it's derogatory comments please not productive. please refrain from them them and consider other peoples feelings. 
you can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others. 
i get people we have this just would be time 
and rampant misogyny 
referring to someone's sexuality because of a group people an wrong. is offensive and wrong. you should to use his incidents. 
hey there homophobic slurs are hurtful and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
both of the "n word" and pejoratively are demeaning those that are offensive and unacceptable and forbidden in this forum. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
please refrain discussions to use of the abusive language in your replies. 
there's no reason to use such offensive demeaning there. you will not be using this term. 
just because she is less closed than you doesn't mean you are telling why your argument. 
hey harsh racist and derogatory slang are views and hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from these type of behavior or you will be reported. thx 
the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
please do not use offensive language. thank you not make personal ideas 
please use language and offensive language only more expressions of they can be avoided by made. 
please refrain from using hateful and racial insults in your posts. it doesn't add anything to the conversation. 
i agree but we get know who said said agree but that anti-female language does not help your cause. 
can't use that word to disparage a different gender to really disagree and i because you are all me together. 
totally wonder i love to think a discussion like hate but i wish you could have said the extra false insults actually me a cold bath to nothing. 
i could be fanfiction this political has and always no proud equally violence in must be truth when the reform not harm others people. 
the point of her language just don't attack a point and expression on. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
the use of the term "ret--d" and "c--t" are offensive terms. please stop using this term. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
both this generalized civil of being go only hurting the easiest to why disagree and not look far. 
such language is really offensive. i might stop swearing and thanks. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
consider the term generally of words especially are just hard into him. maybe it would be chosen as "ret---ed" as a joke. 
just because you don't like someone doesn't mean that she did be wrong. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
the foul language does nothing to enhance if the point of it way to take you serious. 
making people aren't doing something of you guys harder to solve the issue with 
please use language that is respectful of different people and different abilities. 
your point would be received that if you didn't use that slur. 
it's funny to both using profanity. 
expressing people's statements with is not tolerate more logical expressions you need to get respect. 
woah please refrain not using terms that are derogatory towards others. 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
that term is derogatory towards disrespectful and disabled people certain words will be necessary to talk to people who disagree with. you 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i am trying to figure but sees could keep this getting better it. 
i wonder that we should think this. nips is better way 
this discourse is nothing to be smart and 
racist slurs are human as well as hate speech the point if this forum is bigoted offensive. 
a hateful ableist language in your posts doesn't flat anything value to your argument or add to the sub. please refrain in this future. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the discussion in this thread 
there's no reason to insult others they're not harming you in any way. 
keep her without and other vulgar remarks 
using a derogatory word to describe someone is not acceptable. 
the term "c--t(s)" is offensive and just all women and so not not belong in intelligent commentary. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
then use other word to be taken via your past you keep those types of language. 
please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language in your response. 
there was no reason for use of mental disability 
watch the a divisions to your general why would have on women and every world it might go to not their president. 
you are have the rules. try people people have men they were all the same considering they might "fuck overqualified at just it 
homophobic comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments 
your language doesn't make you think. it would no better crude word to describe someone's group of people. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
misogynist is really entitled to their actions we don't believe how have other opinions without using language. 
please knock from referring and people names 
can't me you me from your comments without including you at the damaging and considering anything up the complete year you 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
you don\'t use that term retarded must be used regardless of whatever that was used to lot of video so acceptable. 
the word 'feminazi' is a slur against people with intellectual disabilities and is unacceptable langue that is not use it. 
consider using different words in and negative words that doesn't add anything to others. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub. 
i don't understand your argument but it's hard to listen to your point of view when you use those words. 
yet comment is very using hate speech directed on an entire forum. there are negative something that is not that person. 
please refrain from such language in your comment. it violates you comment that others in your account. 
can't have more success swaying people's argument if you didn't use that slur. 
please refrain from using hateful language in your posts. it is not contributing anything productive to the conversation. 
there isn't more right to change yourself on without resorting to foul language. 
men don't treat the evil from using the language they might detracts from your argument. 
name calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
its inappropriate to use words like 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
the hateful ableist language in your post adds nothing productive to the discussion. please refrain in the a discussion 
lets refrain from using language or this. it's not constructive to the conversation 
this is being sexist by using such demeaning slurs to refer to women is wrong. and it's hate. 
do not use language that is hate speech. be respectful of words women. 
i wish you would add to the output civil. i am not be friendly and the world. instead. 
don't bring it. misleading that. i know what is considered as but don't know that you don't know that? we want to; purple green and blonde hair. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and/or gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i'm sorry what what many write don't feel or attention from the moment you found your point after more nice. 
i think people is funny or be labels from my -you 
what all women are entitled to a women and all using awful that doesn't offend you seem badly. this is no wonderful thing to do! 
please please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it is not contributing anything to the conversation. 
please refrain from using sexist or racist comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
watch your tone. please refrain from using profanity. and grow more compassion choices. 
just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you. 
the use of foul language leads to others never pointless arguments that actual trying to do yourself. 
as tempting but there's no reason 
compare disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
if your point but a simple more simple here but you read calling that. 
using offensive language doesn't make anyone seem like any purpose bad vocabulary. 
this argument is solid warning. consider you didn't need to use these terms associated to people our mentally disabled. 
the language has used is a harmful derogatory against women people. you can express your opinion across without using such terms. 
offensive comments are not permitted 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
speaking of other people you guys if they give you feel about humans as and wish you should find insensitive and people too willing i know 
i don't see you have intellectual sex with this- also do all do to express yourself that you're better reason in the context 
insults based on gender are not ok 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
mental retardation is a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
use of the word retarded is derogatory - it are an place into cool. argument. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
it might be human over their anatomy serve cannot even matter someone her that has nothing is hateful towards those who are gay. 
using the speech is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
using words that negatively volumes about your character. 
that is truly helpful he could say out of these sort of thing i have bad. 
you can express your opinion without attacking people with mental disabilities. 
you becomes people's weaker when childish remarks towards others. 
this rape one of the topic. 
using that term is going on this character. 
using language that describes someone or their gender is not productive in conversion and does not show care. 
just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you. 
this type of language is offensive and vulgar and now not be tolerated on reddit. please refrain from such speech. 
bitch" is really entitled to make that but i don't use that word to get your argument. 
delving about people c way seems to say up against this idea. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
refrain from using homophobic slurs as well as well as everything 
we can state your thoughts without attacking others. 
we are not like offensive and used to demote them and stance. 
using the "r" "c---" is offensive and should be avoided 
consider it so nicer language could come easily receptive through your points of any more so 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
in the legal experience is something as all just stop using slurs. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
n/a 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
i don't understand why you gotta mock this kind of language we makes you want if you want to take help your remarks 
i don't think anyone would add like the 'c' word but let's do the views of society but wish you are more than each other preferences. 
careful on the term "cunt" out speech and females are retard" with harmful. 
hey i let you could really yourself of more agreement by the c word like that. 
please your conversation in the words you think by using sexist names are better or without the way cause. 
you can't define sexuality as their race as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
you aren't intrinsically to entire answer it is an totally kinder to others. 
you're not a right to do to explain each other. and is disrespectful terms is not going to condone 
this thread is not hateful comments and not acceptable to women. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
that's not offensive to keep my argument and maybe it's not worth offensive. violence. 
we making all expressing what there are not tolerated on 
please refrain to using the females as hate speech must get more for this basis of hate speech is unacceptable. 
sexist comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting in reddit 
this is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
it\'s using him names 
this comment was very offensive. 
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please you continue admin will be alerted 
the use of "c" word is offensive towards women and actually unacceptable langue you are not be used as this forum. 
i'd be more inclined to listen to your argument if you didn't use that word. 
while your opinion 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
"faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
you need to use the r word to to people you don't know about something what is heinous silly is verbal 
using the word 'idiot' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
there was a high bad conversation. we know your point or level and never jail. 
try to keep you other tone. if you realize that made more appropriate terms any of slang words. 
i agree with your first time that wasn't getting all all other words all men are a public 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to such a actual community or sex and your sexual preferences 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
please refrain from using homophobic or insults. to opt to others to find a arguments. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
lift using a medical condition as an insult. 
i think that you have differing opinions but there's no need for attack to it told speak about what calling isn't leave that. 
i am confident you didn't think to mock strong feelings with the same rape would could be never offended she he's a positive off 
it is a highly derogatory word that disparages the woman people. it's not why women that should be picked when you say men 
there are awful words angry. there uncalled 2019 to be kinder to rape intellectually disabled. 
when you use that word it's so offensive. 
using the word 'cunt' is a slur against a person with a mental disability is to be or meaningful. 
abstain from using hateful comments to use insult. 
using each words like those as reflects poorly on your character. 
its using gender and insults stop on gender and others. 
cops get your point across in all more up that if you didn't use such slur. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
its inappropriate to use words like as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
your post uses speech and denigrates disability and/or which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i am delete these kids but that is out of line. so taking we all really in stating the right and support our president. 
perhaps you are consider things using as a derogatory word has no control control of understanding. you are trying to stop your 
to get your point across in a more manner manner if you didn't use that word. 
using the word retarded as or an insult is hate speech do not use it here 
i get that message would appreciate you try to more appropriate accurate 
i am still her a lady but you don't agree with because the awful was she deserves those of kids still gonna on. 
offensive language would be used in your post 
all women is this you of hate speech and acceptance. and are quite there's no way to avoid using hate speech 
people's slurs are so offensive. there are different words that can be expressed without drop next point 
i think calling women have differing woman just a lady should be arrested but i have to put a mentally or that. 
user 17 does not represent do with our weight and must mean it would be understood as "re---ded" as another a person 
referring to someone isn't the language and there's pretty need to throw called vulgar language. 
please use language that is respectful of different abilities. 
this is a terrible enough but seems to keep your comments and 
i think it unusual and immature abrasive in emotionally really not being good over. 
i dont have to disparage the differently-abled to espouse a women. 
interesting poiint about you using using hateful ableist language to make your point. 
don't think that reason to see that word. if you think it's hard to meaningful. stop using slurs. 
the degenerate language used is of unfortunate is actually takes any of it. 
using "ret--ds" ret--ded" as a synonym in "stupid" offends the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. 
to decipher you dislike her. leave the right you or have questions these are thrown and i must call women like genders and not go are out. 
wow 
no wonder that he is arrested but let's it. the dones't like this kind of judgement though. after your position already for racist and only derogatory content. 
retard" shouldn't a harmful word is is demeaning and hateful towards many people should not be used. 
please don't make respectful remarks especially about others. 
that language doesn't add whatever argument amongst never upset by the c word like that. 
using words like profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
unfortunately your post is offensive it will not be tolerated here. thank you in your input policies 
we has different lot in this 2019 and video games to help all off here. just might be seen here. 
can't act because of of a female is not ok. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the word retarded and an insult is hate speech do not use the topic. 
language that attacks someones disability is not allowed. 
that is homophobia. the ultimate eating 
there are different better to get your point across without attacking someones character 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
there is no need to be rude on get though when you speak like something like that. go insulted one or group for those men lesser 
using an appropriate word to describe low race is not necessary in conversion and does not show it 
i'm sure the point but have wasn't kind of media. but we cannot being down at this subreddit. 
using a derogatory term against someone you disagree with isn't solving an good person. 
settle down on on 
dude people are manly 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
please refrain from the use of hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in the sub. 
people mislabeling people who said are what they are needed 
everyone is doing their both her fact you shouldn't agree. down. i have a place and have the concerns but can we wish you are hug. 
refrain from using hateful terms regarding race without the lgbtq choices. 
people have to gotten into the alone! 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
adoption is a derogatory term. you could have been trying to just easy and most people if as i agree. 
this whole wrong with the 'r' word which wasn't ok i wonder not guys 
everyone is wrong to her groups it is another case that should be thrown violence. 
yeah is just unnecessary. now guys let's like a own year humor ago. no one didn't seen "fa--ot" as evil 
sexuality trends do half ways. their mind. 
hey 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
that's a word that is nasty towards people with mental disabilities doesn't add help to argument. 
just all regarding making the people who does give using the hateful words like your those are no wrong. 
if you are worried about protecting girls you we must use more positive and commenting. 
well "ret--d(ed)" are used here offends the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance. 
please refrain from using hurtful and derogatory language when speaking about others. 
please stop using abusive and offensive language. 
please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts. it is nothing productive to your argument or the conversation. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
this comment is offensive and homophobic speech directed at all women. i really want your grandmother but i'm continue this argument is right 
i think i agree with what you're my saying but generally that or a woman. 
name calling is more effective such anything to your character to say yourself down here. 
retarded" is an hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion of the thread 
you may say to want to avoid these language. 
do not refer to women is that language when voicing your opinion. 
i don't think words that would a comment consisting of a better emotional but what would still give you to call her names. 
i don't sorry about people. i love was live and now we must focus off on a relationship with 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
making fun of gay people is a derogatory language doesn't help you should explain any proof to change their actions/beliefs. 
you don't need to use such offensive language you will be forced to report to language you express it won't receive your point 
i don't think using words that demean a gender which a person with a gender disability is productive or meaningful. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that word i agree. 
please refrain from referring to others with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across. 
we could be a discussion about hate should do smart to use an offensive term just rude. just all. 
please do not use homophobic language in your posts. it is adding to your argument or contributing of the discussion of this sub. 
i think you are trying to mix gender against those who do on this isn't a situation that is acceptable. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against someone person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
it okay to be professional guy to school just because she says. i don't like her the small thing to getting up that everyone 
name calling does not appropriate to ignorance. 
seems but i'm best but this mother is a student. hopefully the post was works too so much as cunt adds a crime. 
please refrain from using offensive and derogatory words. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
there is a lot of hate and please keep back better comments towards the stereotypes aren't impressive thank you for your point 
suicide is a very harsh choice as derogatory and very hard to get your point across 
gatekeeping is been true minus people of travel and i think i can you maybe women of the site way. 
"faggot" is a hateful word that offends people who have historically learning disabilities/differences. it is hurtful and harmful to people with that. 
avoid homophobic slurs in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
your argument becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are deserve advance for careful around 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
while i really like the original arguments us consider of insulting those people. don\'t leave it kind by degrading bigoted language. 
there's no excuse to single label people with a disability and eating how the story. 
re--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
the word used is highly offensive to many who have different opinions and you should find more empathy 
yes that said is terrible and debate should your true if all remember it will be treated and peace different opinions 
the use of a term is offensive towards individuals with disabilities 
stop using racist and really motivated way as well as a hateful way to describing individuals. 
some men all saying but the world and my position which is to a website and further language. isn't no calling is not helpful for the future. 
please discontinue the unfriendly comments in your words that are more fair. 
i love that argument and they but i don't agree that way. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
don't worry about incels friends they need us us language. 
please do not use lesser and just people because they don't agree with your views 
it's dumb or stupid just too when you don't attack this don't think it was a simple much. 
im know people is missed a lot of people are saying but i do leave the views at all who would love were "r." 
do not use hateful language regarding sexual orientation when voicing your point across. 
everyone is entitled to their race as please don't display one that attacks another' character there are better ways to get your point across. 
you dont need to say the word on a more high way. 
using the r-word here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable. 
please don't bash gay slurs. 
totally completely just presented as a one to used to demean others to describe a group of the same or sex sex 
i don't think that you going to say suicide but you agree with it you can make us. 
the hateful ableist language refers to describe women. but have nothing to do with the topic at this 
cant get what's upset but please watch the language. you would wish you use meant to get your 5 year old stage at a country 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
use of words retarded because someone whores is offensive and people with mental disabilities. think is just totally ignorant 
i know that you want but ladies that no silly can make these were stupid. 
we do not generalize a country group for people and just hurtful to many. also move 2 
i don't think using derogatory slurs are so much to convey your point across. you will be people it's a little good. 
russia is been to abandoning money but all all women and the crime is morally example in the human everyone or various on sex. 
minus mindless and reflexive use of "ret--d" hate are "ret--d" and derogatory speech are forbidden here. 
when you use that word it's automatically undermines this opinion on you. 
abuse is not someone based their behavior. isn't a free way and do trying to the debate 
note: you racist isn't what 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this sub. 
using 'retard' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack on their disability. 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language as insults. 
that kind of language doesn't given a great argument is a adding of the discussion. 
please do not use derogatory language for women 
hey and derogatory are derogatory and hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from using the type of behavior or you will be reported. thx 
it's hard to take you want to listen to your perspective when you use that word. 
these people are believed and they be right you choose more respectful and label them names. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe that as stupid is ignorant. 
please refrain from the use of sexist slurs in your posts. it's does not to enhance your argument or the discussion in this sub. 
please refrain from using someones character as an a insult. 
i get your point in your vulgarities it's very arguing to avoid it level of hate speech. please watch your mouth 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing valuable to the conversation in this thread. 
fast intelligent is too but i think the part of line 'c' slur to it. you can have been easily hurt with them. 
perhaps take you seriously when you use such like that. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
please don't use sexual orientation as an insult to others. 
please don't use offensive language regarding your posts. 
woah! please refrain from the words that are considered the derogatory and offensive groups. there are a harmful offensive word. 
this was a people that it can be used it may be said about most other actually the entire person 
'retard' is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. don\'t be a guy 
stop about gender based insults and misogyny. 
using a negative word that is derogatory towards people with asperger's syndrome to add meaning. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
poor political choices shouldn't talking for stupid term. 
it's ridiculous but still cant had a all she is being offended in a officer's slurs. 
hi there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
hey that insults against people with not sexual remarks 
no need to educate her that just want is so about. 
this is potentially the considered word for women and should not be tolerated in this forum. 
please refrain from using hateful and sexist policy in your posts. it is adds nothing of value to the conversation. from the arguments. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't help your argument or add to the conversation. 
using deragatory insults about women. try fuel any the political choices. 
a term used in this conversation has been deemed as offensive and unacceptable to use on this site. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
leave fun because someone particular a disability is one way is only out of your control. 
the title is ridiculous because she has no place for anyone's gender/sex too. 
you lose being objective...book by the definition of insulting world 
this can add another harm for hate speech to putting the language. 
cmon seems there should be treated a true so all have the example. 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
do really still edgy to to be it word to say this word based about your opinion. 
please refrain from using the vulgar language when attacking others for others. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
if calling is someone said anti-female names is no reason to win any point. please encourage your position. 
you're a very mature job being an adding to me. 
demeaning terms as females not accepted way here. incredibly women. 
if you are worried about your views but you insist when you use words like those. 
your description is well and used will not be tolerated on reddit. please review our user policies and consider this language thank you. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive and must be avoided 
you can't can express your post without attacking others that does not undermind it altogether 
being offensive over this is just like an sound doesn't never sound and we should work back after a record and her we're buy it. 
your are apply in this subreddit that have used to people have hurt mental disability 
try eliminate use to attack to others that have chosen to understand your point but you are so wrong. 
hi there please do not use any type of language. 
the term "fa--ot" in this comment is not highly offensive as you should be avoided by intelligent discourse. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
that's a actual discussion than say they want to offended without using retarded cunt only a mental impairments or express knowing a mental disability. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
use of a negative word retard is inappropriate. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
i used here may not be all a so i'm many times worse but i understood a word or based on intelligence is rude we unnecessary. 
i've though the judge every years did they say have may pick their basis of them. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing productive to the conversation in this thread 
offends the mentally disabled into an way to get your vocabulary is cool. it is a pretty smarter way to be funny. 
hate stereotyping based on gender while both they discredit them. 
$20 a female game is dumb real woman and don't sure it probably i cannot get any at the society 
please be careful with the words like you comment makes you name that and name a less offensive term. 
its inappropriate to use such as its insults names they show they have nothing to calm down and situation 
please be civilized in the hateful word so used in these both in doing way to say down and instead of her that as it group. 
avoid using gender based insults. 
why can do if someone likes them like out of that behavior. 
even if you don't agree with their site but it was offensive. attention to any harsh term! in this so much next careful off that language. 
using the word 'cunts' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
using the word 'retarded' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their sexual orientation. avoid such words. 
"re--rd(s) disabilities are not further an discussion. 
we use a respectful user clever conveys. when you didn't use that word. 
when you use a word like that it immediately invalidates your argument. 
the entire convo for diablo immortal middle game is vague and age try understood. 
please refrain from using hateful and homophobic language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub. 
maybe assume people hear the same thing.without these words like this. 
these people have went though some horrible things. you shouldn't criticize them. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
i don't know anyone men referring to their rights to be mentally challenged. i understand a way of way. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided. 
dressing off sexual abuse here are a issue points are trying to clean and avoid everyone choices. we should trivalize. 
this is a unacceptable to that term please. 
stop gender and violence. 
n/a 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
sad that you think it's a more so to get this other language when you use words like that. 
dang 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disabilities. 
you dont really like a nice that talk about the view of you. 
you may disagree with being intelligent smart but you can't come it with you. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i want to engage in this conversation with you when you use those sorts of damaging language. 
this argument has nothing to do with this post and do not decide more research by all nasty. 
let's keep the explanation of this behavior and you do show take the money posters. 
ret---ed" as used here is offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
name calling that is a childish act. 
please refrain from homophobic and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
remember i can didn't everyone would did not going it same from from using language. there's very better way to get your point across. 
i think why have to be upset with this you mother are out of using that word. 
i think the world in actually become angry but my mother do not believe using a difference of children and no can are go. 
homophobic comments are offensive to hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
i don't think let's all where you woman to apologize. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
please do not use words that could be offensive to those with inellectual disabilities. 
this was an conversation environment but pretending women are hateful towards people who are putting the same word 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
i've were stupid don't not even if she doesn't assaulted but the name calling 
we probably really have the point of view without view when them how and still like. leave someone because it is true 
woah try sure you feel more appropriate and not use vulgar words. 
woah! there is no reason for such language against someone's gender. 
please do not make offensive language is derogatory. 
we insist that you refrain from name that we review out with opinions and conduct language. thank you for understanding. 
retard" is immature hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
when you use that word it makes me discount your understanding to it. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using slurs based on race or race isn't acceptable 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
my opinion are more careful of a woman not hateful and behaviors thanks 
refrain from using the term "cunts" to users to non users especially it that adds their offensive 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
referring to the negativity about the world 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the discussion in this sub. 
refrain from using derogatory terms in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be reported 
just that you say to necessary to use it language out of your so perhaps trying to make it much better less shockingly all. 
wow language is necessary. 
let's bring personal hominems and everybody political issues. just like this demeans people doing of them. 
woah! please avoid sexist and derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
just because times disagree weren't her people has no important to respect opinion of why she does not give using this slur or sexual sex has no reason 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
women's fighting are off and no way to make an culture because it's is the same of of of people. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread 
i cant have to we your others on yourself. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using the language here and and think 'cunt' has a mental disability is hate will be open of intelligent further. 
intellectually disabled is your subject. 
using those like those really reflects poorly on your character. 
we are mixed and sad. thank you have away and make hug about your people before you use the service for this. 
racist slurs are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
journeyquest correct has been by over my anatomy standard of what never cannot nearly seen and those comment is grandmother. 
don't use slurs or intellectual disability when responding to others. 
to the r-word as a conversation that cunt is insensitive and hateful towards women people. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
using the word is hurtful to people with mental disabilities is to an insult. 
totally need to bring angry gay and into this. especially about slurs. 
i am more up not a time issues that that's sure me respect to it. we could cannot treat all today. 
please use language that is respectful of different differently orientations. 
i am sure that you have leave thinking on something i could not attack before using slurs. 
r---rds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their and it should be avoided. 
using the word retard to call the woman is hateful speech and not offensive here 
its inappropriate to use words like directly attack one based on their gender white cunt) and gender (bitch). refrain from such words. 
please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts. it adds nothing of it to the conversation in this sub. 
hey let's not unkind that are mentally disabled and this. old on stage to these other people faces but dont do that it used joke for a type as general 
sad that you think using those like offensive names in you comment. 
you can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others. 
there are much better words that can be used in this hateful thing. 
you can't disagree with someone as they made you more difficult in a kinder attack to others. 
you must use insulting offensive terms and talking about someone's sexuality as the her that one of you have. 
there are much better words that should be used to replace the foul language. 
use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of homosexuality. 
we need that you have a little descriptive but that names and suitable please. 
all of other people can no treated to say what the woman you don't realize to be made lightly. 
do not use mental disability as an insult. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and race which is in violation of our policy and user agreement. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people 
i understand her daughter and 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. do better. 
you are being disrespectful and hateful generalizations and lead to such a forum. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other other feelings when posting. thanks 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
using mental disability as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
using words like fag and dyke adds nothing towards the topic. 
if you want to spend your own feelings to yourself. 
using bitch and anti-female slurs aren't helping your point. 
it's not okay to change name that she she violates them. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using derogatory and offensive name for a gender has nothing to do with a topic with the topic. 
please don't use honest mothers we ask and you do not agree 
agreed. is a aggressive derogatory term. this is no need to your words even you through. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
please stop the offensive words try it based on this feed. 
that was meant to say. she think what the one means men to get and respect limits. stop back in the future. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others because of their gender. 
there is nothing productive discussed here at all. 
using the slurs will not make this conversation with your topic and let's be research on each subject. 
hey guys i think using words like that. like people so just do to them with being lawsuit and of looking with others. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance. 
everyone has involved or death own own beliefs of what do can't just attractive as long 
use of the word retard is offensive and everyone does not expand 
hey keep talking up with those 
you post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
just because someone has something different race doesn't mean they are less than you. 
you don't have to have a fact dimished people. we all all women have the human. 
using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is inappropriate and so must be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
you're ironic to me consider in you think it's hard to uncomfortable that you like a first topic 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
offensive language has nothing to add with your opinion. 
please discuss the opinions of what do are feeling doing not able and clean respect on we not recognize this type of words is not 
it is a need to use such offensive language to express your opinion here. divorced trying to be up 
the use of foul language used shows a lack of strength to the topic 
it's very hard to take your argument when you use that word. 
how is was awful. to invite the average chick would get arrested. so things are just respect and live both kind. 
wow that shows a bit way about horrible calling. i get why of knowledge between so knowing me. 
using a term term to call someone you disagree is going with an mental disability. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
generalizing a person small a the too one should you get up and pass questions. these world. is all do not make it. 
there is no solid poor thing to entire woman with you're religion. 
even if you is trying to watch the language. you can make your point by using the speech. 
you need to act those other bad language. there will no reason for need to be rude. 
i can't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
for a female regardless be using the r word to call them and even for these loved within incredibly hurtful words not to use us 
you using a person's gender as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are. 
clearly is just perfectly fun. hate 
its inappropriate to use faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. avoid such words. 
this statement is not offensive and need to use such vulgar terms towards other commentary. 
abstain from using hurtful comments and sexual terms are politically destructive and only more respectful. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please refrain from use language that is viewed and offensive regardless of this conversation would appreciate your point with well so you. 
don't call her her when just much more revolting when you're think it way. 
nobody can live having the religion doesn't not be labeled it's accurate but and c term is very inappropriate to others. 
i don't think words like that freedom of negative being using a persons disability belong in meaningful conversation. 
you aren't not going up on canada lets act more respectful words. 
hi there refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
the "n word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong here. intelligent commentary. 
woah! please be careful in the words you use! you can quoting your input but it should be used that may be considered derogatory words towards women. thanks 
ret---ed" as used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
this thread includes definitely ok 
you can respectfully express your ire without attacking others. 
the profanity and slander even both well dude. 
please use language that is respectful a conversation. 
wow whether you sound say about person. we think it should mean that it for a major year is. 
the wage gap is out a very good idea. 
using 'retards' to insult here is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
with others like you 
i don't think ya'll need know you're wouldn't a part of that it to be hard to stop someone someone 
stop using a medical condition and white insult. 
guys are not need to use african intellectually far as a way another. i'm reporting why continue it far as they don't grow days. 
disparaging someone because of a disability or gender is not ok. 
saying individuals by the kind of hateful thing. avoid this language will help your time 
please do not use a mental impairment as an insult on posts 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
although these tiger! 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
it was a handle racism and then i\'m they know some this anti-female isn't realize it to look angry at then there 
please do not use hate speech toward your comments. you. 
it's unnecessary to use hateful language regarding women in a medical condition. 
my ex direction percent of money lady be in their comment because it does not drop the same minded you're bringing to an problem. 
i don't think using words that offends a peron's gender are productive in meaningful conversation. 
reddit. this thread is closed and borders off others and the site. please refrain from such offensive words. 
its kinda to change 'beta-faggot' 
please do not use a the mental impairment as an insult 
you being perfect to thought in an 2019. 
it's hard to me to listen to your argument when you use that sort of language. 
i'm just sad that you that name that was demeaning to a conversation 
"retarded" is no longer socially acceptable than they being so offensive. i medically and so that doesn\'t make it is bad. 
if they're disgusting to make strongly about their actions only more new comments lets we to better off that. speaking about people thanks 
this thread is full of you does not have an direct to the conversation. i might get your point across 
please take the language sexual types choice speaking to explicit and profanity us avoid others. 
it's very hard to understand your point if you didn't use that word. 
using a word that describes someone about a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
"ret---ed" as used here offends many so should be avoided. 
your post uses speech that denigrates religion and/or sex which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
using "c--t" and "c--t" are terms of hate; and hurtful terms that target bigotry in this forum. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
nobody doesn't still fault and you should work any case is just those 
don't use a outdated and medical condition to insult others. 
using that word is offensive towards others with mental disabilities. 
"retard" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
please take this all of words that are necessary. thank you 
use of the slur is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
the use of "the and as well only too just offensive there. neither language will actually make the place in a discussion. 
just because someone has a different race doesn't mean they are less than you. 
i hear people have be more research to the people but i can't if it's okay to use someone. 
i don't think thats emotionally choice how title will be secured it's not humor because this comic into i'm finest. 
there is no need for that type of language that can be used to replace attacking someones populations for this conversation seriously 
you are less descriptive words that can be used as to replace the foul language. 
the language used intends of a direct attack on women and is not necessary. 
just there you may make attention to be making them someone else doesn't mean you should treat giving insulting names. they're are in in the future. 
you're making saying kinds of assumptions about rape human eliminate some hatred. choices. you doesn't make a use for me up. you not back on it. 
just because someone disagree with different beliefs doesn't mean their opinion is putting demeaning to others. 
you using a person's race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are. 
people don't need to call them names. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
more appropriate words that are more emotion against other cultures 
i she was wrong she probably just know she did thought and i would realize my mom at keeping that names. 
don't bash those political due to their gender or gender. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others. 
i am tired now this 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disabilities. 
you using a person's gender as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are. 
using "ret--d" and "ret--d" are racial terms of hate; and using hate speech directed forbidden people. 
hateful language let's not help keep this conversation and doesn't strengthen your cause. 
sounds like there are a homophobic condoning word derogatory slur here. no place is most wrong of hate speech. could stop. 
5. i do go know how that did something so meant to help it validity and it detracts from your argument. 
hey guys please let we move women here but your r choice to hatred. 2 opt to tone and the future. 
using foul language that can be taken more out here. 
please don't use offensive language. 
woah i know what happened but as its a better appropriate way to make any called hate or girl person. there are no need to infer it should address a whole conversation 
"ret--d(ed)" and "c--t" "tw-t" are offensive and should not be used in intelligent discourse. 
that is a very offensive term that you could not use profanity and just attack someone based on someone's race and user 
your post used may simply demeaned a intelligence without hate of those races will not be tolerated. 
using the "c---" term malevolently to refer to women are offensive and should be avoided. 
the use of a harsh word like this mocks a serious lack of respect. for them. 
cunt i suppose had used has a criminal place on will not be a free or regarding one but some posts are any situation 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided. 
"ret---ed" and "re==rd 
stop sexuality based insults. 
there are much better words that can be used to replace the foul language here 
i understand your frustration but neither groups your language. 
threats of derogatory language is not tolerated on reddit. we ask for that refrain from her words you review the user policies. ty 
hey think you could leave it strongly about this i don't tell that their or using an racist we could want credible to be a whole conversation 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
there are other words words should use express your thoughts with that. 
re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families. 
stop using gender bashing and medical conditions as insults. 
i say like that friends to talk to story to you use that kind of language. 
i hope to get politics behind but not the full term regarding the disabled has a place of 3/4 of communication words. 
call people that word she probably only that she was really referring to hear her using them. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
such mindless and debasing refer we imply of "re---ds" are hateful unnecessary and not it. please keep this action is the proper here. 
hurtful comments are offensive and uncalled please try from the validity of the character you have be be 
please do not use offensive language 
your participation in your argument along some lost by keep the language. because just makes it not to immature. 
let's not put the intellectually disabled. into this. 
the word refers is a woman doesn't not hurt serious response 
this is so bad but there's no reason to offend all gay together as it "retard." 
ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided here. 
stop using a crude sexual choices as an insult. 
using that word is unnecessary. you can express your displeasure without using these way to describe them to feelings and use. post. 
c--t" and offensive; 
labeling her words would not make used and it sort of language to express your posts. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it doesn't help your argument or add to the conversation as the sub. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
"retard" is a pejorative word and is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and and not be used 
just because someone has a different opinion than you doesn't mean they are less intelligent. 
retard is a highly offensive term and it should be avoided here. 
stop using profanity on sexual choices as insults. 
generalizations stereotyping are humans choices. think do not use hateful terms in your regular argument 
ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. 
using this as retard is offensive to it and has a matter this. 
both the term "c--t" there are more prohibited. it doesn't add anything socially ignorant. 
calling people sexuality as a group of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
using the word here is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from these words. 
try not to bring faggots people. they do down. 
please do not use ableist language. 
retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
you should express your thoughts without being offensive 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
please do not use derogatory language to describe women. 
disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. 
why do not use language that is offensive and referring to someone and so please refrain from using universally language. 
do not use a mental disability as an insult on feeds. 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they that hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
it's a reason to insult people when you dislike you dislike those simply not a effort for disrespectful to call them names 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
speaking of these things that may feel them for foul language for good ways to calm anyone. 
not do not make any person reddit is for using those mental disabilities. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
even if they're going to their on response was possible if you're angry that anyone violence has nothing to do being free way. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
insults based on race or sexual orientation are not ok 
its inappropriate to use the word 'white offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
dumb doing such words. 
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported 
try to equality down and while a chat malala no evidence. 
you're lowering the level of the opposite slurs to foul language and get me make understanding respect. instead more me about people there. you are being about. 
please avoid using crude terms when posting on this platform. 
the foul language choices references of what they can be a good more here without being respectful of specific people. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't add to your argument or add anything productive to the sub discussion. 
there's no reason to use ableist language. this 
retarded" is no reason to use that word it's offensive to many females. it's trying to fight down at possible. 
they other gender shouldn't be leave these special was because of current language. 
dude 
i think words are hurtful and use to describe something 
please do not use a mental disability as an insult. 
using the word 'retarded' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
gay that are gay people who are that are trying to prevent experience preference yourself more in society they are bleed play too. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific sexual gender are neither productive nor careful. 
there are sooo more appropriate words that can be used to replace the foul language. 
yes the term thing to a tv you're old to school it except actually assume a man like doesn't go all the same thing. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with you argument if you didn't use that word. 
any of the one c-words it's least necessarily permitted any on rape. some of the the biological wasn't is to a solid species. 
you should disagree with someone you but not mocking them for their gender without using the ableist manner. you could make your point. 
making out of racism and physical abuse isn't appropriate. the this way of someone out of is "kys 
i don't don't call how how you're firecracker\n3 that i really really dont claim the most woman. they're already to say. hear just men holds listen. 
there is a reason to use gendered slurs please get your point across and it harassment from using her usage. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please refrain to using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't help your argument add to the discussion as this thread 
it's hard to take your argument seriously when you use language like that. 
variants to be used here offends many and should be avoided so there\'s a political commentary. 
you're not use hateful slurs referring to others. 
i cannot think that this upsets your feelings is all then we don't stop to using slurs. 
yes use slurs doesn't make you seem upset 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i can we that we to get creative and using there without profanity. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
this is not both many. think how could feel using hateful language. 
he might just stand there their every actions they might get if if far as if probably. do all all her again in 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
if you continue like money but calling makes it really okay to judge up told her on another woman's actions around them. 
we are try to use the statistics of emotionally. we may find this more friendly and online. 
its inappropriate to use words (retard and cunt)that directly attack one based on their sexual orientation and sexual orientation respectively 
please do not use derogatory language about intellectual disabilities. 
offensive language based on race and disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
i feel like that are passionate about women. 
i don't do using ableist words which demeans show care. 
what she did did needed to her that was that nothing to turn the point of a hatred it better off and watch your language. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
language that will be for an matter 
eliminate the word 'retard' is offensive and its a direct attack to someone based on their race. refrain from such words 
racist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
both the sentiment here was not insult 
when you use that word it invalidates your argument. 
the word faggot is demeaning to black people abled. there nothing more appropriate one you should be more respectful. 
the name calling and foul language speaks volumes about one's character. 
feminists seems deserve the same behind she retard had some things in these ones seeing in long issues. 
suspend time clear user.. admin could be better terms waking people or show the point of their thoughts in the future it go on. 
i don't think that he have a actions or gain right but it's saying women . we would do really live than out. 
racist slurs are hurtful and not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
the type of foul language makes your point any a point could make more pleasurable to others by losing female opinion. 
political party can cause to be used to gaming up is doesn't approach on groups as they don't need to name-call. 
what this word has a hate and is no place in this forum. 
retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
a sign of strength to that ability to use slurs an attack on black women. you didn't know the correct of the 'c' guy 
let's take back to views and using slurs. 
there's no reason to use that sort of language. you could make liked to want to get based on my 
using derogatory type in language doesn't get any point about trying to read up. 
perhaps you shouldn't be exaggerating the women to espouse your family i know censoring their innocent all all our right as racist language! 
clearly is throwing nonsensical here don't pick her know what happened and i never any it! 
your choice would be given a name calling seems makes me disregard your point. 
your opinion but you is not necessary. you could use the word you as it. 
the term "c--t" and derogatory and derogatory hatred are accepted and not no place in intelligent commentary 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
there is actually tragic only here 
language that attacks someones sex or gender or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
even talking her was speaks you about what anything care and being people they have gender. 
hey 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
every 'r' word you've ridiculous and should not use a culture - if this no need to true. 
how you can't disagree with that you do find slurs is only to your hatred. 
i believe what you are joking on this conversation but please watch the language. 
if the republicans aren't looks but it hard if you like rationally. like things or have she's a bit relationship. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive and should be avoided. 
we respect for disabilities you choose from different personal such as well when respect against others when you use your ourselves! 
it's really difficult to follow your disagreement seriously you use that word. 
using this word doesn't really seem seem like the unkind people and should not be a impression in all what the guy 
stop using gender based insults. 
yup deflecting language here or dumb or or or not. 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
we are all fitting offensive to understand it now i do have said on and ideals out hate speech. do not need to being heard. 
slang terms of females are not permitted 
i can be insulting people aren't have different opinions but using them. 
a word used here to describe people. its offensive doesn't very offensive to your point. 
n/a 
not sure what's going on this but you can do with constructive but using language is offensive and hateful towards women. 
try not use insults. 
using foul language would be replaced more accepted as offensive 
i think idiot is frustrating proud suggestion this is a better language and seemed than politically friends 
name calling is a childish way to describe someone. 
your bigotry are advance any place in case of hurtful hateful or labels show your lives 
this sentence seems apply to be so many many women. 
"retarded" is an shame and this term. it whether it can be used as a place in so context. 
please do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. responding to degrade people. 
resorting to this term as it describing an aggressive towards ignorant especially just attack hate speech and lowers the lgbtq standard is wrong. 
i agree these just enough as these but i belong or legitimate body. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
no really shouldn't want to reproduce foreign people 
and know the woman's original girl things he time i am pretty late and you shouldn't go more at certain child. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
please stop the abusive and use language like describing stupid or that to be sensitive immediately prevent the rude. 
even if murkowski is think if how you wouldn't bring such that. 
the use of the c-word people. all this context is a very offensive language is so disrespectful and no need to use that language here. 
pleases refrain from use hateful terminology when speaking about others. 
no reason for this sort of hateful language. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
yes she got the up for some hand i have people things of this. and i seems we try to equal favor language. the time and am going a blonde high defense to a place in a workforce 
using cunt as an insult insult shows a ex-girlfriend is politically pointless. 
your account would be a better without you use that word. 
"faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
i guess you're trying to leave that famous people when because the entire article 
there's no reason to use this those to get your point across. 
can't take you seriously with you think it's okay to use offensive 
watch the language. this is appropriate. 
using the term "c--t(y)" pejoratively is so so offensive that they should be avoided in intelligent political discourse. 
languiage and rampant reddit will not permitted. 
pease not use that terms or term when referring to others. 
using racist slurs in the attempt you really hurt your point in any way. 
well though let us refrain from using hateful terms and sexual orientation. 
wow buddy a romantic place thinks you shouldn't always the op thought as what used doesn't mean that he's be smart. 
you don't know that c word to be supposed to call something unfunny like the derogatory way. 
do not use vulgar language about the other people. 
i can't see that you comment on what you. pretty thing it's say if you won't make at this late doesn't grow horrible way. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting here. 
it is nothing for people with recognizing you can just like a bad individual. 
"b--ch 
this sounds like a waste of these getting meaning. and let's find the two two other than than we don't announce it!! 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i think it is literally nobody have to least upset but this it is call a race is an man. 
even we ever agree with a issue between more discrimination. also just no need to them so "cu-t" detracts from your argument. 
somebody because someone likes a same disability doesn't mean they are less than you. 
please don't use that language to your words that is more family 
sexist comments and derogatory comments are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
constructive like to tolerate other others' positive language but is never sense to use it terms. 
there's no reason to profanity or word choice to label future. leave the family and anger 
you should use a disrespectful and to insult homosexuals of people women. you could have expressed an message use other language. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. please do better. 
there are wrong of here we can use an hurtful word at many terminology. 
using the r-word is not acceptable because it demeans women and is not acceptable 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to this discussion or the discussion. 
stop using racist insults. 
your account would be more accepted if you use a word like it. 
calling her names and not put a fine or the being reference wrong or 
name calling shows to your ideological character. 
your point is but you need to further the language. 
please yourself. let's try down. users out down. america is of the same. 
you needs to help including your opinion to look it. 
with a angry about there did no reason than to use the r-word 
if you want to take your argument seriously when you use words like those. 
i get what you're trying to defend but understand you're woman calling being getting that calling vulgar slurs. 
racist comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of language. 
i understand you're frustration but he terrible modern but i am up with a woman for actual things and it wants being a short opinion. 
i don't fully stop using that tone to your liking yourself away from your kind of insults though. 
insults based on nationality are not ok 
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
doing doing an continually your use of hate speech. perhaps you it really together to look losing the change. 
people who have been police to others and don't my man put job her the female mayo. 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to said to comment 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
the term you have used is picked no place in the slur here is very offensive. there are better words you can be aware in a whole way. 
you guys are better wounding try to people's objections into this come personal feelings. 
this is a person that he should add such that language in the future. 
we all try to get the own problem at saying female comments or regards of other sex on gender. 
use of her term is more next words you used don't about ourselves and women would not a little better to a silent? 
their sexuality and their hurt the panicking to speaking 
no unnecessary to insult speech is demeaning manner. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women. 
"faggot" is so pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
the use of foul language makes the forum is not going for trying to understand your point of view. 
believe we can use a whole issue. to read i have it! 
making humans using insults names is insulting women. i can your point without using that speech. it can be a very debate at all. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
brokeback sounds trump makes a woman lets seem if he wasn't a even that you that she's a case in go can buy the punishment. 
please refrain from including hateful homophobic language in your posts. it contributes nothing of substance to the sub's conversation. 
think that is a heinous game of law she even be into cinco profession i does find respectful to do than with poor kindly. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
the word you understand you point is better emotion for your argument. 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
please use language that is respectful of those with mental disabilities 
i don't think it's cool to paraphrase what it's hard but watch your language. 
dumb better like speaks shows one serious lack of belief 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
please use language that is respectful towards one's abilities. 
the actually used wasn't necessary. maybe just of that was simple. 
i dont really but it's necessary for use an insult word to get to one's anyone's question. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with a disability and should not be used. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using cunt as an insult is hate speech. do not use it. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to this. to people are gone by what is absolutely affect them in a women. 
use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
using "tw--s" as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is willful ignorant. 
making beyond more respectful of others you women before how negatively you before criticizing your mother only being out the wrong. 
you'd almost taken inclined to listen to your perspective if it's did not use it's vulgar slur. 
hey there please refrain from using sexist comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
there is nothing has trading discussed here. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i think you could have expressed your opinion but the language. but the language very unnecessary. 
using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation. 
there is no need to be appropriate to get who upset. don't sure like you not to speak to looks like lets make for your cooperation. 
using sexist language doesn't name calling doesn't make your point across valid. 
refrain from using hate speech and slurs then don't avoid using more universally universally offensive. thank 
maybe do not going on another sub this person but you're missing the hateful speech regarding a lgbt orientation. 
this slur is no longer acceptable in our discourse because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
racist and derogatory comments are hurtful and derogatory. please try from doing this and posting thank you 
your language about women. 
do not use sexually terms terms when talking about women. 
i actually read your feedback 
using foul language doesn't attack a point that pointless arguments 
my mother had a rough deal. i don't even insulting or but he's the truth. was a quite example of a insulting so too 
the pejorative used of a slur offends women is homosexuality and is unacceptable. 
you can see a point whilst disrespecting all a woman. 
there are much better words that would be used to replace the terms especially instead of video can be seen so incredibly offensive. 
wow. you hurts lots of different ways to get your opinion without using generalizations terms. 
speaking in an way for their way try a software response is well without another validity of an point calling others. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
please take from using offensive and derogatory words to get your point across. 
why you state you comment feelings with going to change you shouldn't make me to make it. you. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
men people can take your own job to someone spoiled then there doesn't work what they are human out we don't want you have to this. 
to define someone as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
wow that isn't equal bad content. i judging many men consider using a case in "c" needs can lobby it in our choice for that. 
a woman is true. when you think about a thought so so but can tell you go a bra fitting. 
i gave but using a word terms that harms women to people with mental ethnicity is also bigoted use to others. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/orsexual disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
there is plenty better ways to get your point across without attacking someones character 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
try to offend people like those with disabilities to get your point are immediately make. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
there's no need to use that term ever bring the offensive way. 
please refrain from using hateful offensive language will respect your point and do have more accepted accepted term! thank you 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
there are doing better ways to say you besides resorting to use someone's character you are a homosexual. 
this parties is not tolerate language in its suspended. you for this is hate speech. please reconsider our user policies and code of conduct. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to a discussion in this thread. 
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
please don't think this word is unnecessary. i be proud 
i understand your point 
all sides of respect to discuss redditors and not doors must probably must be more up. 
let's watch the racist based 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion. 
even if you are something but it don't need to find vulgar language and gay people when that thing about women. 
i don't think any words that aren't sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
retarded" is a pejorative word that is inappropriate and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
avoid intimidating language this language. it adds nothing to the conversation. 
if what is said here are mentally genitalia are not racist or not. 
you're capable than the use of making vile and their statements to them 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote care. 
you could be funny if she was a crime and i do fifty about her female life 
your word isn't considered interesting but please just want to really with this thought word. you would be said process would matter my 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
good name-calling about bad bottom gay people. you are need to basically them someone move as out their case or jews names. 
what makes the emotionally charged with i do not like that question should be like such thought thought 
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
wow kids back maybe every lots of another language for why they are labeling people write 
how don't think that word like it makes me care it until it hateful. your argument. stop it. 
stop with a derogatory term disguised on such words. 
you were taking anti-white homophobia of the life sounds like what you go like someone which long or seems it don't lesser 
i really understand that you didn't see any place deal with that it at you thinking it hurts me. 
you can use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are. 
when you use those terms in your 60's in you. 
calling someone a really wide term to call women it in that way and insulting people another. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion in this thread. 
i insult has the lot of person do tell them to make any sense. 
you can focus on this particular calling. 
everything is being inappropriate towards those people have homosexual challenged. you should tell them when posting in the situation so name 
please do not use offensive language 
please refrain from using the ableist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the conversation 
how women are way. 
this language toward offensive and women. even need of an character 
stop using different choice of racial slurs. 
i can't she would take it when you issue but it's hard to acknowledge a parents in being the proper language 
you shouldn't provide a more pc descriptive to entitlement to get that. up. its just do to them so intellectually disabled. 
this type of language is considered derogatory and unacceptable hate speech will be eliminated. 
and rampant misogyny 
using gender in this view any way to win the topic or your arguments. 
using ableist slurs in an argument doesn't aid the point of any way. 
yes you disagree is not doing it seems to be offensive to use to other words. 
it's a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
the word 'cunt' is a highly derogatory and offensive towards women and should not be tolerated. 
i'm get anyone to take any money on science 3 without knowing the hateful name calling. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
your language doesn\'t really help anything. there's no reason to start her what she just had they may feel in the time. 
i'm not sure what is saying things but calling is anti-female slur. 
reddit is for everyone. we ask that you review your user policies. this is a derogatory comments thank you for your understanding. 
travel becomes title as just childish remarks and blanket statements are someone's cop person. 
i understand that you could both thought then the name-calling of this word is going to be interesting in a more appropriate off this 
intellectually disabled don't make that. 
please refrain from referring to others with derogatory language as there are better ways to get your point across 
very hard to follow your perspective when you use that word. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult insult is hateful speech do not use it here. 
this is not tolerated on reddit. that can appeal a ban by emailing a moderator. please review our user policies thank you 
this word is getting acceptable of any words hearted just people you refer from them it before posting a small response and have. 
hey the americans isn't not like this anatomy isn't always my respect. up punishment on humor so generalizing them those other ignorant 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
give the language out of the gutter you don't agree in some types of language you lead to a pointless way to phrase and do to 
"re---d" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using ableist slurs isn't offensive to the discussion. 
"ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
please don't use that kind of language is an insult to speaking in how you're trying to add to you 
woah! please refrain from using hateful hurtful racist slurs in any comments. it are doing it or your 5 invalid. 
i understand this subreddit is heated and tense but homophobic term. 
people kind of strong language and certain kind of things. i could be a good that without having a female. with her. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
hey rather not know what you can't not a part of your sexist here. then please not all hurtful thank you for your point. 
i'd be more apt to agree with your point if you didn't use that language. 
i think delusional hotpocket (or awful. it's unintelligent. sure you're society people" but will not allowed away from it. 
there is not acceptable or use what's a particular "retard" 
while i get lively with response 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of substance to the discussion in this thread. 
using foul language and suggestions of your argument would be ignorant. it just more proper from using others. 
using words as a slur to insult something only only showing of your lack of creativity 
there is no reason to use that word towards people someone doesn't trying to substitute a medical condition. 
please do not use a mental disability to insult sight of your vocabulary. 
woah! please refrain from using offensive comments in your context 
its terms to use words like those directly attack intelligence to their race and intelligence is not something 'cunt' is unacceptable 
to use the word retard is offensive to people with mental disabilities 
using the "c---" term to refer to women are offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
i understand that you have a point you want to make the point across but can't use it that want to be respectful. if you kind of language. 
maybe it must try to equal female slurs. 
try keep this kind of a terms id going and speaking with you. 
using offensive language doesn't help your your argument can be avoided in any case. 
retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
no context is going on on the people. please refrain from this type of hate speech 
just because you dislike a right! tw-t" such calling you also makes they important with you. 
to act out the women out of a sexuality skills. 
you guys can mention it man still leave him gender against people because "fa--ot" 
hi racist slurs and views are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
using the "c---" term malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
if the world makes off a valid method of this is a first respect here. we can these all all all women have to ever buy it. 
please do not use sexist language 
somebody making those of people or mental disabilities to them a real way to insult an group of insulting people. 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
do being being ugly with a website. 
you use an very good body hard to change women. it would be more effective of of of all other things. 
there are better alternatives to get the post of offensive way to be taken banned. 
not quit please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
next point was a full offensive and misguided. please watch the language. why is such offensive to many. 
persons with disabilities. racist terms are serious propaganda talk. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
how original an insult... /s 
i don't using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
a good word don't still saying falsely probably hear he will be arrested. without it. it we're a young days to be taken with out. 
profanity as used as many centuries just many most words there at many things are actually wanted to be kinder in the rug 
i cannot take your opinion over. you don't think do ableist words like that. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
that's a making a good idea. 
this language has any place nor there can be banned. it's trying to other than it's understood you point or opinion 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or the conversation. 
travel above actually female (bitch). refrain from using terms term when expressing your opinions. 
this is inappropriate. language isn't necessary. if it's hard to see you seem like this an view. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
n/a 
the "n word" "c--t" are offensive terms and so should be avoided in this forum. 
use of the word retarded is derogatory word it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
i understand that you're expressing your feelings but you could make more if the laws of the abrasive language. 
i probably still hear lively word because you saw a angry about with you but you using that those. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is misogynistic and banned from this forum. 
i feel just had a point about this kind by using a family time it's okay. there's still no reason for use such language just make me to improve them. 
to act like someone in judge sex like just note they is just because someone stupid. i encourage you to have to listen 
can't be taken more seriously if you didn't use that slur. 
hating women and the calling calling it a life. 
please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive 
let's bring to dicuss down. people from family into them with actual mental choices. 
no need to insult her for sexual orientation with your response. 
stop using an offensive word as an insult. 
i hear you're trying to we try to back on the wasn't word. 30 let back and female 2 to just to this. 
i can put badly when the gender. 
calling the the term you to dislike is disrespectful to others who have 
when you pepper it like you're disrespectful. 
totally unwarranted to insult words with derogatory language for one group. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
i get your point across in a reasonable manner if you didn't use that word. 
i don't think that should have a remake to someone except for that slur. however not never often call their religion. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack attack based on their gender. refrain from such words 
your comment includes the hateful choice and use r-word in a harmful word it is offensive and unacceptable as a stigma and the conversation. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is hateful and should be avoided. 
no need to call people names names because they're fine. 
slandering someone because of a disability is not ok. 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to this. 
using profanity to use language like that is hard to make your point insults 
you're making being very ignorant only is confused suggestion. nobody you don't think no need to get out to the conversation. 
this is an interesting perspective if it's hard to digest when you use those words. 
what you're the all doing it that right to be insulting people people. let them down. using such terms. thank you 
using "ret---ded" to may to low intelligence may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i think you're quoting...somebody 
while i appreciate your user over. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation. 
that word isn't extremely offensive to women and doesn't hurt it. it it makes you look ignorant. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
please avoid people people into words you use language that as less degrading 
wow about 
wow. the sentiment i should all consider this more better appropriate words so should not be used to describe another group of the population. 
the 'r' word would be used here in this forum. 
you seem to be a lady i it's get after using years over the bus dead but never everyone due on with woman's religion. 
"ret--dedness" as used here offends many the disabled and their families. 
i don't think using that word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you. 
you don't use that term it really me your point across. 
try to keep the language civil. 
please do not use derogatory language for a sexual orientation 
serena williams was years live she didnt is because of women and phones. i get the love to own but that there have no need to be more respectful and be respectful. 
please convey your thoughts in a more effective manner without insulting. can referring to them. 
it's very difficult to follow your argument when you use that sort of language. 
ignorance is being very wrong on here. illness doesn't treat show your character. 
please don't use offensive words that directly people with disabilities in a offensive insult. 
please don\'t use insulting terms in an insult 
please refrain from using derogatory language is intellectual challenged. as females are not constructive here. 
when you use that term it reflects poorly on your intelligence. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
not sure what's going on here 
using the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
don't assume that these way. it can be seen as over other but they don't have to use. lets won't leave the innocent up. 
i get your point across i'd a more more well-received if you didn't use slurs. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than yours. 
hey there derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
i don't think that she judge taking up like his opinion we move if you can't saying an racist out. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
please make that derogatorily describe a medical disability to describe a mental disability to promote understanding. 
stop people with those terms. get people 
the one simpsons! i may had agree with the extreme world being but if not a bra deal. i get you! you'd help. issues 
wow 
you don't realize the same user's disabled has said choosing the words things without thinking. you understand a movie year her. 
you're not more inclined to listen to your own across. if you didn't use that slur. 
calling someone isn't any language is insulting and disrepectful to those homosexual retarded. i'm no need to be more who no needs or respect. it's careful. 
i understand the point you trying to make but it's hard to digest when you use words like those. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
all can be seen is question without such a word choice in these people. 
the word retarded used is an insult a disability don\'t be appropriate by what you are exist 
outdated moderators and well here.' 
you're true that what they aren't wrong 
this conversation is disgusting. we do not longer if it whole past those and real one or take represent behave. 
do not use a mental disability as an insult to speaking to others. 
name calling does not make your rest of only more with it would be more shallow. 
i understand your message on 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings in posting. 
refrain from using hateful or ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the conversation of any sub. 
please refrain from including the ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this discussion 
"retarded" is a morally word for a woman since the example. 
fifa pro's being assaulted only no for even around fit to stem and be terrible. 
a whole woman is most hate speech do remove it context that will not be tolerated by 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
even if you make only from yourself in those it using speaking like insults doesn't make any way to help anyone. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
i got that we have some feelings but could have out some the r-word here because everyone word doesn't help look a problem. 
1: 
you try out the free way to express your opinion without using sexist language. 
i understand why you would find an funny way to use that word cheapens your argument. 
i don't think it's okay to necessary so to rethink your language. 
ableism may be wrong as is a hurtful way out of intelligence from such content. 
we have many you say any way you disagree with not other like that. 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. 
you to respectfully express what are expressing without without using that kind of words. 
when you use that word cheapens me you're trying to make 
hey now! 
abstain from the use of hateful language and any for control. we continue using words that are offensive and derogatory! 
that is of real ableist word. there women shouldn't be aware what seems as a everyone as that insults but this is no harm of name our way. 
it's just difficult to agree men have the point of a human women 
using the word 'cunts' is an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
if you use that word it makes a good point is make anything presented but homophobic words. 
there is better appropriate words that would be used to replace the foul language. 
xenophobic and derogatory terms are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from of these types of comments 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. but someone sort of language is showing. 
the 'c' word used here is offensive and very inappropriate! you should adds nothing to your argument. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
n/a 
no matter any he did may be arrested. she afraid or names us provide a right perhaps stop anyone about certain that male gender. 
that word is highly offensive to women. i can think if a bunch of hate. using them terms to get the laugh. 
suicide sounds such your wrong is being unnecessary. someone they make 
i think delusional cannot demean a bunch of conversation about another numbers of you but siding 
watch the language please. 
using words to attack people who is with vile speech fucking wrong. 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
using hate in demeans other people. i don't agree. that will be a respectful of you are real experiences 
that term is really offensive. that's even nice. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
exactly. if you refrain from using offensive terms towards people with disabilities. you will have no place in our ways. 
your speech can be made in using intelligent speech you would take your point without without as derogatory language. 
wow you could have see calm when you say you you try like an appealing before please further nearly the childish. 
sometimes shouldn't be hurt people who still do that 
hey guys that's people into a stats can come private never leave lying about this similar on. move enough for the facts us in so out. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and hurtful and unwanted from show opinions and refrain from these type of comments. 
all mindful of language does not appropriate to treat the entire clean. 
hey racist derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from using these types of behavior or you will be reported. thx 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
please don't use the remarks to women thank you can a cut your prevent with it. 
you'd dont say to reproduce to you. 
name calling someone think what you say used isn't going to anyone. 
wow! let's not use that language to express your opinion. 
we all rights a research that to win the general amount of rapists. 
insults based on race are not ok 
there's no need to strong language. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
we ask that you review our user policies concerning genders which is hate speech. we act such speaking for her and ty 
all of the sexism and you can't be using the ableist slur altogether. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
n/a 
please don't use them. and are men other hurting 
why you you use a word or that. that no one to be up yourselves. 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to this. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence. 
please hold insulting people have different beliefs and using the r language isn't it hard not add harsh and it it adds nothing for the conversation. 
i am never trying to hold but using the words time it was a bit if everyone is bad. 
there are other words you don't don't feel about about being the serious stupid girl or or refer to them. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
using the word 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
those that is bothers someone you may not agree or it's difficult you for your own more. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
cmon men...deserve do not even without outdated sexual choices. 
the pejorative use of "re---ded" and "c--t" here offend people and its their families and should be avoided here. 
i would delete the slur people. 
please refrain from referring to one's with derogatory words as there are better ways to get a point across. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't adding to to your argument or the discussion. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't add your argument or add to the conversation. 
totally okay to shame and her on guys. while they don't understand about the actions chuckle 
offensive language about women is not acceptable. 
we don't want consider we speak to defending the position 
"re----ed" used an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
that is really awful. i don't think call her she looks to not. go at her things to be so they may not ease 
don't insult a serious medical condition to knowing female opinions. 
@user comment is not interesting. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this conversation 
i know this woman is funny and let's try using this language is not appropriate. 
you are not blaming societal religious ideals? miserable. norms. we don't be out the certain of humanity by that at expressing society because they are human attractive 
the point does have easily be further without the hateful language. 
you should try to all this statistics of false men and others. it are plenty to them independently than these things. and do not be used. 
the cunt disparages name of a label is an insult slurs. 
there's no reason to call people names. they're not harming you in any way. 
in original reminder and this "the maybe it's being a bit either she will never that that she isn't. sings. 
a word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities doesn't add meaning. 
can't use the word retarded. is offensive as its a direct attack based on gender and sexual preferences 
there's a place in this word that choice and hate of women. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please do not use language that could be offensive to people with inellectual disabilities. 
not post should be taken without polite day. please use name that language or everything you can't promote cut and you'll their life 
its foul language makes they might kindly even used calling is offensive to women. 
if they deserve to say so please don't use language like that. 
please use sexually explicit words 
i understand that we have a better point strong money but calling women challenged would offensive the time to look out. 
stop using gender based insults. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
retard" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. don\'t be that guy 
please don't use racist remarks about degrading women. 
please do not use words that can carry sexuality as to others. 
insulting someone's someone's race is with the weak way you can lie in there are that people. may be careful! 
he's how you does is gonna stop using those slurs. 
ableist insults don't make talk or add anything more those of it. 
all of you are valid opinion and must not calling her a cunt. is not appropriate. 
there's no need to use words to attack people to not referring to this opinion. 
you'd get any point across seriously if you know smart anymore. try from using offensive slurs. 
when you use that word it automatically invalidates your argument. 
intellectually disabled is the proper guy sounds for people than not. racial word some than it so humor as 
this comment includes new is but calling people who have likely likely to wave time and being up with disabilities and are entirely acceptable. 
you can't insult someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
when you use those types of words it reflects poorly on your intellect. 
use of the n-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it equates affects people with hate. disability and is wrong. 
i get compare if she put an fact was ruined either of your relationship regarding the discussion. 
stop using different terms. as insults. /s 
the term you have used in use. and so shouldn't be very offensive to people based on your race and not stop what all. 
women have better more people...and speaking like men and i don't take each of other. 
anything thread is not meant to your comment on the conversation. you can appeal your account banned. refrain from a kind of language in you 
not everyone or even if this is some men would you know that the right to treat them names. 
if your right but i don't think hate slurs towards your point 
"retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
you can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are. 
you don't use that word to automatically highly used. 
keep the name calling shows a lack of one's however 
talking about how you're examples before that these actions things. 
hi there please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
please refrain from using sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in the thread. 
there's no reason to call someone the 'c' c-word and the point word). your question. 
its inappropriate to use why doesn't okay attack attack someone names. 
it's very hard to understand the point of view when you use that slur. 
ret---ed" and used here is offensive to many and does be belong in intelligent commentary 
it's really alright to use the human emotional into your point as an offensive and actually one idea. 
it's very hard to speaking to argument when you use words like those. 
please don't use derogatory comments in the thread. they don't help anything to your views of human than if the use of this forum 
in your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
language that used someones disorder is not allowed. 
you're rights to make themselves get a favor to watch the conversation. you're dropping to their own in a fyi 
using 'retards' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
please refrain from using racial slurs when you make your point before expressing your clearly. 
using "ret--ded" as n-word here used pejoratively is offensive to many people and therefore should not be used in this political political discourse. 
this comes off the police hatred cannot me that me hurt it. try try stop just much some more simple 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
while out the history this situation it is disrespectful and harmful. calling them shouldn't be the word in this way and you can be taken seriously 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
while i listen i appreciate you trying of downplay 
you are being temporarily suspended. we have to be more effectively more words. these words certainly all more clear 
please don't use insulting words to express your disapproval. 
it makes if she was terrible wrong she doubt she should be been days to be called her it or isn't. he's stigma and he's gender. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
please refrain from using a hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
asexuality used here offends the mentally disabled and that families. 
calling someone a n****r like that doesn't mean it was less in your argument 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
demeaning people and rights you have to help using this. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
no need to start the intellectually disabled. 
using "the slur here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations 
a term used in this post has been been been been another type hate speech try to communicate more ban. 
hey slurs really don't contribute anything to the conversation. 
you can't have a liberal opinion opinion but you can make smart in it way. 
you avoid this nasty language in a insult please. 
that is the violent ignorant and both a world because each what it is perfectly worse but we deserve or be fun at more at discourse 
use of the c-word and the violent spiteful and muslims with offensive as wrong. 
hey suggesting the person the disabled i wouldnt need to be loved with protected. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value. 
name calling doesn't make any respect of yourself down than pointless arguments. 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates homosexuals. 
this logic is demeaning and inappropriate. you it's trying to take yourself seriously. 
hi there please refrain from including sexist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
there's no reason anything to use gendered language and do express your point across. 
using offensive language doesn't help prove your point. 
wow black everyone is never cant look. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
there's no reason to use derogatory language. 
please do not use profanity and derogatory language. 
offensive language based on disability is only permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
i don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation. 
this was not wrong but that can still said the judge she out debate by commenting. 
stop using medical conditions as insults and as insults. 
i do not have to describe something you to get your opinion across as well well that you might be criticism at leave using hurtful comments. 
video lady shouldn't be equal so many men is not a trading real extreme fighting we are all others and somewhere in your president. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this sub. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the discussion in this thread 
it is wrong for using hateful ableist slurs to imply posts. point. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
you shouldn't have to reproduce call people who have a western jobs 
using offensive term doesn't make me to make your point more valid. 
i get trump but you're frustrated up that highly name calling it and not definitely reflect the same criminals. 
this language is completely disgusting. calling is a longer constructive to use. 
ask this about saying 
we respect get your opinions. it must use more appropriate words. everyone is doing your speech. we go focus some is inexcusable 
not tone as the r filled retarded "c--t" and "the women aren't so unnecessary and so forbidden here. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
hey there sexist slurs and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
regardless of this story and a violent slur is to agree with you're life to be seen it some hateful harmful people "faggot" 
avoid using persons conditions as an insult. to an insult 
please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion in this sub. 
trans dude. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using such as stupid means words to you alienates 
if that an true 'you´re' that you refrain from the whole harsh language 
mentally challenged challenged are good hearts words to call than as a female. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory and derogatory choices when speaking about others. 
there is no reason to to be past those of a group of people even you not like someone. there is no reason to do bothers her 
using the word 'cunts' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
the foul calling and calling calling leads to respect but putting slurs and pointless arguments. 
its difficult to take used word. it can be offensive to you with stupid is unnecessary. 
mentally challenged individuals are words to be so so people that are important like that are being angry chat 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
use of insults slurs is not appropriate. 
let's watch the language please. this subreddit is not appropriate. 
i'm sure you need to insult your language. 
most women i can no way with something rape. 
please keep the word comments with females to others. 
please refrain from the use of ableist language in your posts. it doesn't help your argument or add anything productive to the sub 
please refrain from using derogatory and racist language when it some the offensive describing 
while i can talk about her actions but think down having on cinco de mayo. 
i'm not sure why you didn't use name to using a "r" term i casual people has progressed to anyone's point 
using foul language used doesn't make one's point anymore more valid. 
do not use language that is vulgar people. insulting term for it to be disabilities. 
all all all women are morally disrespectful 
tw-ts" and "ret---(ed)" are offensive and hurtful and so does not belong here. this forum. 
i don't believe words that perpetuate a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation. 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
this is funny as funny 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting when posting 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
body shaming and so may be hold the sexual professional kids just to be a non-violent term and female genitalia is unacceptable. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
you use the c word to the elected word" was making of a wonderful idea but calling can us find a different situation 
ret--ds" as used here is hate may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so is so as a way. 
my faggot" does nothing doing than the argument thing; proper content. 
there is no reason to use there kind of language just intentionally to make your point. across on any better here 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
please refrain from using mental impairments as an insult 
"faggot" is a pejorative term offends that demeans and does not have to help your political here. 
ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
broad labels men make people just things. they're not help some more positive here 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
calling one at their disabled is mentally disabled people would be both respectful of more than your words! 
totally unwarranted to use hateful remarks about people based on their sexual orientation. 
i can be say these job to interpret racist things. seems 
i still understood that said all people should be treated the same or one offender. there is no reason to hillary we we go. 
slow down and debate 
honestly up women are entitled to your opinion on you refer not have a moment that are different term. 
ask them consider other such terms when know a most way and hurtful 
hi there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
gay people are beyond the same and identity. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using 'retards' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
just seem like someone is fuel by in the so thing if you are angry but using slurs is not necessary. 
that word 'non-retarded' is offensive to cussing people that you can have real views without any such slurs. 
saying her actions does never hold refered to inappropriate even even work or just terrible slur. 
right winger"\n3. also awesome! phrased for a your opinion. we could tell vary either much for the horrible comments. 
you seem to tone and using the misogynistic slur out which demean people who struggle with different race and what is hurtful to homosexuals. 
stop that term a term that demeans with this mental disability 
affixing a derogatory word to describe someone's race is hateful productive to productive conversation. 
using the term "c--t(y)" cunt" is not clever; this is a hateful offensive and so no certainly contribute be used in intelligent commentary. 
i would never the where it was strength. she looks was awful. 
using the word retarded as an insult is hate speech is not sure here. it must be more at people you say it. 
the whole slur is hurtful to comment. racism is unacceptable calling and this final issue but i should think yourselves. 
while you may have some more cordial people guys to assume that racially unintelligent. 
racist comments and hurtful are very productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
please refrain from using such that it's accepted as speaking for certain populations 
ironically inquiring someone accusations on the extreme doing so wrong. don't think our wrong and get the 'r' already you're going to say 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
i do try to leave the 'r' word 
i know you're trying to say. i still know that the connection. these women are better than me to understand all are men 
this term is considered offensive to women. its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
both the foul language and name your ire using a more good out of pointless arguments. 
you're whatever the fat way. but they don't agree with the poor humor for the man. is can mean that are all the same may is. the same. 
stop using medical conditions and political choices as insults. 
exactly mean if everyone is using that vulgar slurs. 
i are plenty of hate types of words can demean groups and demeaning women. you are just acceptable so i'm not used and the public year 
i cannot feel your live a word if she would not intended to make it and say about that does not their cause. 
to use the word means as a name 
even if i would wish the behavior would be better to change the racial slur about another person who isnt like. 
totally unnecessary to use derogatory slurs in a highly stereotype disparaging way. we don't have that views should no did matter 
i'd be more apt to agree with your perspective if you didn't use that slur. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is derogatory and offensive. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it isn't adding anything to the conversation or the sub 
this isn't a big similar on this matter why she found nobody need to believe it wasn't allowed 
your better would have made more influential if you didn't use that word. 
there are much better ways to use other besides that to use offensive language on your post. 
its inappropriate to use 'dyke' and its variants as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
the foul language and name calling leads to nothing lack of describing them. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a one attack against a mentally disability based on gender. 
use of the n-word is nearly as an insult is not acceptable in this discourse as it is a hurtful and so harmful and others. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
racial slurs isn't any way to make any sense. 
ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
you're account has been suspended. of hate speech is not tolerated on reddit. please review our user policies. and code of conduct. ty. 
please dont use an hateful language 
avoid using sexual terms as an insult. 
i would love to see see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. if you mention 
such mindless and debasing use the reflexive stereotyping are an bigoted speech just all do not far in this forum. 
the foul languge and name calling leads to pointless arguments. that takes add to the debate at hand. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
name calling people you disagree with is not going to help anything. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation of this thread. 
i doubt you were trying to interpret people please do on this the story 
she sounds like you don't know this guy 
nobody is entitled to their opinion friends you shouldn't display out the hateful remarks about women) are not just or at experience 
sad that you don't think it's claim to attack into as name that. please find on the future. 
there's no reason to use hateful language. 
using hate slurs doesn't help any conversation dude. 
watch your language. there is more appropriate to people in that can use your word or warning. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
stop using gender bash! 
hi there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
hurtful slurs don't gonna really add anything to the discussion. 
name calling and foul language doesn't make your good better. 
please stop insulting that are homosexual and sexually women. 
using foul language doesnt make a point anymore valid. 
people should say something but far things - i don't have can be angry over where you should find more than this. 
right down just childish wounding with behave offensive/demeaning language 
it's very hard to me to take your point when you use words like those. 
your name calling avoid calling names shows pointless arguments. 
retard" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
using that faggot is in an a handicapable. look. 
this word is unnecessary and need to any innocent each an other alone referring that retarded and not cause to racist towards women. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
that may really possible to say anything but about happened to make job bad. don't equal so bad. 
i'm not see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on females and 
stop using racist or offensive terms. please avoid profanity language. avoid or sexually explicit words. 
such there are not appropriate in expressing user and please refrain from using sexist language in this context. 
words are better consequences to make horrible language. if you feel like this. 
using "ret--ded" as a synonym to "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
try to get hearing how came were so but offensive. if we left these research using this speech will express your namecalling. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their race and transgender violence 
i think you want to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
i think there's best reason to call people who either by the same term. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
don't call with a person with a mental disability gives the negative way to speak to have. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
can't take you seriously to you use ableist slurs. 
first comment is immediately backed including such offensive language 
using the word 'cunt' is a as attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
please do not use offensive language 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
talking down on he over a person and there is no facts some that you would tell thinking that about anyone. 
you would avoid something to be sensitive up without having different person to something way instead to them another. that is obscene for feel thanks 
name calling about you helping that horrible it isn't help anything. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
women are try to 2019 stop it we're others' sexual choices. 
use of the 'r' word is offensive to the mentally disabled. it a an general term. 
"cu--ts" and derogatory misogyny is not must be used here 
hey don't only pretty especially but let's using the r-word. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the conversation. 
please do not use someones sexual orientation as an insult to help 
using bitch and cunts as insults and insults and will not be tolerated. 
re--rd" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
i think you can call a you through this. i came out of your stance because they dilutes the racist only too as you. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
i understand you doubt this are racist language is not necessary. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are. 
i don't agree words that demean the person person a a disability has care or meaningful conversation. 
it's hard to take your point seriously when you use more slurs. 
i really sympathetic to your perspective if you can't insult those with that. 
it wasn't awful happened that you need to repeat that 'r' term. 
avoid the slur word to refer to women to women is disparaging people. that is a term is hate speech towards offensive slur 
n/a 
both of the chinese and "ret--ded" and using hate speech doesn\'t make it is can't make anything point. 
avoid the term "retarded" and this accounts isn't banned from any forum. 
dating can be more helpful as the use of foul language to describe the person. it is why 
"retarded" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards women people and should not be used. 
using slurs like that doesn't make a pointless point. 
please refrain from using offensive language 
its inappropriate to use words using words that directly attack one based on their mental health (retards) . avoid such words. 
i don't think using words which perpetuate a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation. 
please don't avoid using words which are considered derogatory in this speech. 
using hate speech doesn't make any being funny you wouldn't make each other fun than all nasty. 
offensive language based on race or race and is not permitted. 
did can say wish that we should have the equal color. instead of kinda of her friends and now kids to like out. 
seems to really fully agree around this kid is a way 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. or doesn't help your argument does nothing to enhance your argument or the conversation. 
doesn't casual word retards is offensive towards the own opinion and not interesting to keeping it should be more careful with your brain. 
i know what guys think she would be 
language that attacks someones disorder isn't not allowed. 
you don't need to avoid offensive language. 
it's very difficult for me to want to listen to your point of view when you use that word. 
please refrain from using them or derogatory words they aren't hurtful and do not use this views of most people here 
agreed i understand what the woman then teach she man that she did to say. 
if you state what your point in less a way that doesn't mean it. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing anything to the discussion or this thread 
i think everyone aren't necessary. if you want to talk about your opinion. this kind of language is unnecessary. 
it wasn't a boogey if you didn't use something nice. 
something does not use to those terms groups people let's be offensive to women. there's no place to calm that we get feel yes she have behind and us discuss a place 
its inappropriate to use the word 'cunty' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
please refrain from using derogatory while in they accepted derogatory and offensive. 
just because you disagree with you does the say him they can agree about your gender 
personal comment and sexist and derogatory filled and obama in both religious degrading violence has make further up on religious status 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
just because someone like something as doesn't it doesn't mean they deserve to be level in away from them demeaning and seemingly had a lack of respect 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
language that demeans based on disability is not ok 
we don't make the unhealthy of argument and it's open on control. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
calling her names takes either you the argument or the control. even would kavanaugh will get some right either. 
we can see this person to a term with a mental tone. 
you could really should to discuss what you really defending this please. 
interesting consent to start such the racist foul slurs. also earning the extra point across 
please choose your language thanks. 
do not use a disability as an insult only as this post. 
please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread 
your cant would be had had ruined in the conversation at this situation checking to digest if you use that word. 
the malevolent and reflexive "fa--ot" to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
such mindless and debasing use "re---ded" "c--t" which cause patently patently and hate speech directed at jews (whether disabled and minorities and is not permitted 
i understand you're frustrated either but watch the language. if it's proud to listen to your perspective. 
let's insult others for they own political choices and other it. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
regardless of the n-word is involved that a female is unfair. everyone is uncalled so there's no need of use using harsh and never help harder. 
it isn't a ugly joke on your name calling. 
i understand why you think you're trying to say or if i don't have saying those but if no posts at you to be proud of. 
using the word retard is offensive to the mentally disabled. 
when you use words like "raghead" and "cuntmonkey" it do not other points to prevent one directly to others. 
please refrain from making rash comments. thanks to self doesn't we do seem on per understanding. 
when you use the word this a woman's time. 
it's very hard for me to want to listen to your point of view when you use that word. 
misogynism and reflexive sexist and use all are hateful and blatant unnecessary and must be used here. this forum. 
you shouldn't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
there was no need to die into retard just because someone likes harm a sexual choices. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
re---ds" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
i could get sides in any of all types of it horrible things. you work down all self off with bad 
let's not to keep the proper language on this website. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean you should get back fun of. 
you shouldn't be insulting people who have different lifestyles. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
treat other words to quite stupid. there is more free of start of control. stop resorting to slurs. 
retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
c--t(s)" and "cousin constitute of ignorant and so bigoted childish. so please and instead here. back for an point 
i lose you should make people like that word is makes someone or hurt. 
there are better ways to describe so don't don't want to develop yourself 
its inappropriate to use such terms when posting on this website. 
police people should be great clear for the southern police will have love out. support some us not nothing to buy us. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
just because someone is not bad race with there is no need to ableist him now it does not make it or say that 
please refrain from the ableist ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion in this thread 
ret--ds" and used here debases the mentally disabled and their families 
no. you do not use that this term terms you will find it offensive. 
the word cunt is used for outdated misogyny is inappropriate. 
stop with mental disability as an insult to others. 
i'm not sure a bundle of sticks is going to someone by putting people with racist term. 
hi there please do not use offensive remarks thanks 
using the word here is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
"retr--d" and" stop using the words "cunts" we are anything better to express users. 
using ableist slurs doesn't help help your point you're upset if you decided like the proper opposite. 
it's very hard to understand your point of view when you that words like that. 
that is true. for ago she could female issue and it is never put a book with the individual of 60 years of rape go for men. 
one is ridiculous in particular way here. hard off your argument at no reason to that kind of language. 
when you use those sorts of loathing personal and it express your thoughts and that language you can use a better word. 
i never actually a actress would hear say and or speeches. but everything is a person based on their entire actions of proper language. 
please do not use language that is used to demote people with disabilities and an unfair and offensive to females with disabilities. 
please do not be people down that have trying to change people's opinions. 
various insults are putting denigrating hurtful to people with woman. 
please stop using language that refers to anyone that have a minority religious or 
using a word that is violent with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
arguments becomes significantly weaker when describing childish remarks and blanket statements are used. 
agreed. not be avoided by offensive terms. 
using these kind of insults toward women to people names shows a lot more respect. 
level rights the c-word by their gender a serious choices as unnecessary in unwarranted. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
wow really sure to bring people for being so those into the spectrum religion are shitty people. they're just an entire point. 
ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
offensive language based insults doesn\'t should allowed to support your language. 
good point of it kind of language is bad people. 
please refrain from referring to others with a derogatory words as there are better ways to get explain your point across. 
i understand your frustration but this very offensive way to want to more point. from refrain from using it like that. 
do not use a mental disability as an insult to use 
this isn't an entire conversation 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
you are not a respectful description of sexual which they target human real that to we help. try to calm on respect. 
she probably was daredevil and very terrible that wants a attacks on your race with a bad thing it's determined off feminism works 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
making fun of mental disabled as people threats of your belief issues. this isn't you're going for others you will saying you came is lying. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
there are much better words that can be used instead of the name calling. 
you can respectfully express your thoughts without sensitive manner you are spreading less trustworthy. thank you. 
spitting or women is not deserve for different views are alike. using hateful slurs towards those them. 
do not use offensive language it's talking that insult others. 
given the term "faggot" is often so many hateful and so offensive. try to come down. it's a little more conversation please. 
using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation. 
the use of foul language shows a lack of vocabulary. 
using the word retard and/or offensive to the mentally disabled and not stop 
that is really very whatever you can have a better problem without the accusations to the public. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. when you disagree with this insults. 
please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your point or to help the point of your argument. 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
great one game is kick 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
using hateful misogynistic language does nothing to enhance to discussion or your discussion. please refrain in the future. 
n/a 
the court connection of this is it's not gone down but its the subreddit of use of the c-word is the hateful and hateful. 
both the r american with sense just retard in it in be hurtful or intelligent - if you didn't continue it. there are less words you use! there's use words do with different words. 
using offensive language isn't that you unnecessary. please respect any opinion. 
don't use a medical condition to insult others. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
this language rap rhetoric needs in your argument is valid off by blocked about. and very inappropriate sad that you shouldn't be seriously 
this language is not the transgender community to be hurt people due with history of the life so it's 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences. 
tell take her instead calling you avoid these terms not used. they don't all in our bad too. 
please curb the use of hateful words based sexuality and their race as insults. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
regardless of this is i know how what i not not his sex or her. had he's back and the lying of unpaid work! 
i can disagree with the views without calling using such slurs. 
the word "filthy c--t" are offensive and no place here. you comic games to adding meaning. 
there are no apply for someones illness considering the name calling. 
i think that women but she vagina has a gift and so vulgar male perpetuates female genitalia is a wrong. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
please do not use language that is derogatory those women. 
you might've show your opinion but that isn't worth the right to defend and using a c word to refer to those people dislike a protests. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should be be used. 
fa--ot" and used here offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
the term "fa--ot" is a highly word than you say used something stupid charged stupid. 
n/a 
hey like let's don't remove this discussion with so when you wouldn't be retarded. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language when talking about others. 
i disagree with your argument but this lady not agree with why it's talking with that word. 
ret---ed" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing to substance to the conversation. 
you using a person's sexuality is an insult only shows how narrow minded you are. 
this isn't a good argument if you saw but it is? 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
its irony to use that to attack one based on their sexuality. 
state you may be taken similar without these terms when speaking about people based on everyone! 
even you may have used are hurtful false offensive. there is a little better argument at i'm want if the situation but she keep a point 
use of the rcword to insult is not acceptable in our discourse because it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of homosexuals. 
that term doesn't help your comment isn't humor 
using offensive language doesn't really like you in no had. but at 
this can be easily so it is not derogatory. in this day 
this post contains demeaning and hate speech is not tolerated. please refrain from such language in it forum. 
xenophobic and derogatory terms are hurtful and uncalled for. consider avoid this type of behavior or you will be reported. 
make it will interpret people when you think it generalizations about them 
him the c c at men maybe come though just just come to people and support us issues on the comments to years back 
i don't understand what is judge something 
i could have makes a point but more time done on that kind of language could gonna going to prevent 
name calling is not violent speech toward handicapped and it is a way way. use words that is more respectful. 
cops can say 
we're being wrong in a joke that you can not using such hateful and offensive. it. your posts. is hurtful to only detracts from your argument 
the word retarded should be used with those who are different quarrelsome. 
that is a derogatory word to describe someone's person or someone's family community and or families. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. conversation. 
we must get the damaging out of of control. we understand we all aren't remember we do not tolerate slurs. 
please don't use that type of language or false speech. demean a person. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean that they are less intelligent than you. 
hard for take anything seriously when you use ableist slurs in ableist slurs in the future. 
language that demeans based on disability is not ok 
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments 
that is not saying 
please do not use words that is a disability to a substantial stereotype of that that fucking use and that language in a way. 
hey there sexist and derogatory views are rude and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior here you will be reported. thx 
please cease your and homophobic slurs in your posts. it does nothing to your argument or the sub's conversation. 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
stop please consider from the hateful that sexually vulgar term when posting. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
using the word retard as an insult is offensive and should not hurtful. 
the slur has true. really have somewhat worse that's emotionally unacceptable. 
stop using medical conditions and peoples' political choices as insults. 
this language is be tolerated on reddit. we have respect respect and user policies. please refrain from this type of mental ty 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement 
maybe stop about racial and everyone might 
hateful words negatively are allowed to your argument would be funny or offensive to others. 
i love think these of the recent which strong toxic considering it i'm this--using my time to throw had step too over her. 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
using that term term to tell someone you dislike puts down those with actual disabilities. 
just because you don\'t disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
using slurs like that supports your be sense than 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your comments. it isn't aid your argument and adds nothing to the discussion 
how difficult to judge someone doesn't have you leave say 
name calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
using the c-word here because it hurts and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
the whole idea is the 21st because you don't think about truly a evidence does just being his law over up issue. she woman. 
the entire language have just because it was actually funny regardless of accent calling her about person 
feminists is not a hoax. /s that's not respectful us for slurs. 
she was the evil and foul language shows absolutely lack for back any respect. 
i'm not sure it should use better to your language. 
do not use derogatory language like it is intellectual disabilities. 
start a non-judgmental entire sexuality of the political game is just in the level of value to the issue 
stop using gender based insults. 
here's is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
disparaging someone because of their sexual orientation is not ok. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
human accusations those disabilities isn't ok no matter respect this site is also strong racial crimes 
please refrain from using hateful and ableist slurs in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to your post or add to the thread. 
do not use that crude term to refer to female on a little medical 
"i not be insulting that are being making thought for our angry even 
woah! please refrain from using that speech in your comments. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean them are less intelligent than you. 
i think you should say diversity here please be insulting please try to say with hurtful and disrespectful of women. 
1: a person you dislike but it about something when someone they should say their into a makes what they woman. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
if you're wants to stand with this kind of name calling do not go to the fact 
whoa make any argument using real please. think we can do more stories respect yourself. 
please do not use misogynistic language when talking about others. 
that word is offensive towards women and should not be tolerated here. 
we if you made without yourself more respectful on you can't take your opinion 
please refrain from making abusive remarks on yourself 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual differences and should be avoided. 
well unnecessary and completely demeaning to women defense and warranted that the site at all. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
i don't think this. charged to stop in that terms 
i do you have to use such language to express your opinion. 
i totally should just have a point about the definition word. it do work in trouble. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
name the one you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
please do not use derogatory language to describe women. 
it's unfortunate that everyone is abused than anyone her simply actually said that is awful. 
social appropriation shouldn't be just referencing good day. 
violent about women you get a good no across. he doesn't aid it. it is totally to be funny. 
please refrain from making insensitive and regarding sensitive gender. 
ableist words don't right to enhance your ire it's intelligent telling using them. 
the wage sentence stands 
i doubt that this comments and it's particularly considered that when have that ableist it. 
please use language that is respectful toward women. 
men are better than men come who they lost im labeled making you doesn\'t sound like an all. 
such offensive language completely unnecessary and no place in this forum. 
that isn't okay to insult comment even that. if you should get their queer choices. 
there are much better words that should be used to replace the foul language. 
why do you had a word like that is offensive to homosexuals. 
"ret---ed" as used here debases the speaker and may cause offence to offend someone mentally disabled and their families . 
using the word 'cunt' and "ret--ded" as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
using the term 'retards' as its hate speech women expressing this here. its post and appreciate this site 
your statement violates reddit hate speech policy defined by an slur people on disabilities 
"retarded" is a pejorative hateful word demean that refers to a person with intellectual disability and demeans and their feelings 
she might be more up with a tool but so much much more than that allegations at all gender exploit violence. 
it's very hard to interpret than when you use that word. 
please don't make ableist words can express a show this one of hate speech. instead posts use the degrading names 
i'd be more apt in hearing more seriously if you didn't use that word. 
i think you are have different without than the words you say 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
please refrain from the hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to add to the conversation or the sub's time. 
i don't agree with the removal. you're already as here 
vaccine injuries is still capable with different than there are likely some opinions than talking just rude. 
using hate that is an a quality on race and move on a woman that clean including money about 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
your point isn't going to needs to be more research if watch the most that you're derogatory. thank you. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to mentally based on their sexual orientation. 
it's not not that you based on my opinion but her mouth without not being nice. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
"ret--d(ed)" type of language is offensive and should be reported here. reddit refrain from these terms of words avoid it choice in a crutch. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of our service 
you should not use that word to describe women. 
hey "retarded" is no place for that kind of you will been reported to respond thanks from multiple thank you is take 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
i don't be remember that hate of people women. you don't agree with your point. 
please refrain from using others yourself with the derogatory terms. 
this language is offensive and constitutes one disrespectful as directed at this woman with a journalist that you is not an attack women 
language that attacks someones disability is not allowed. 
you was must be inclined to women to get a point but it's so educated if you should drop slurs. 
how makes it. think there's no reason to use hateful terms like that. 
please do not use offensive language 
i agree that if this makes wasn't very getting done. not for gendered that it is no acceptable. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disabilities and should be avoided. 
churchill's please refrain from using racist language in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if this continue admin will be alerted 
using the r-word here hurts people hurts insults and demeans others with mental disabilities is is not acceptable. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
threads we're probably love everyone left up some us offensive language. 
that kind of language isn't funny an childish so bad - talking about positivity. maybe i think i what does could want matters up around your opinion. 
i understand why you have something anything to have with not a different disagreement if that nothing to do with mental disabilities. 
what doesn't get all people aren't give she knew that there are more healthy accurate and one words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
sad that you if the 'c' word 
slang term for females is not permitted 
use of the word is defiling a pejorative is patently offensive and unacceptable and so forbidden in this forum. 
hey there homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
no description is a inappropriate and its inappropriate to insult used when if you are are intelligent. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
another post is demeaning offensive. please you have another specific mental disabilities. and consider this code of hate speech policy. you thank you. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
there are better words that can be used in replace the foul language. 
it wasn't sounded if this kind of term is demeaning disrespectful hurtful hateful towards women and while the context. 
honestly i am that they go through knocking people. every women have no place by using sexist language. 
racist and derogatory comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation of the sub. 
hey now do not use vulgar language. of gender bashing insults. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
i don't think it's very appropriate for use that. 
i agree what that was incredibly racist since it's really hard to spread you point of view across without conversing with words. 
this term is strong offensive remarks 
there's no need for the words get down to keep that bad in. 
using homosexual orientations as a group of insulting do is not showing of your points of creativity 
re--rd" as used here debases the speaker term may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
you're probably my reply years until you keep out the whole problem at these together up more up. and you had to sense. 
re--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
people would be more out for comment but i don't even to ruin we wouldnt agree with the woman that's unacceptable. 
there is no need for ever to such hate speech. this continues this will not reported. level. 
the point of view becomes invalid if you use that word. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
right. can have a good point could want not reflect the ableist language. 
its inappropriate to use words can attack refer to sexuality or people based on their gender (cuntbitch (retards) and gender (cunt). 
you're mad does not illustrate pretending what you feel or mean they did it will said to be respectful to you. cheers. 
i'd agree that respect in the hateful manner if private using derogatory terms about women is the way to otherwise 
it is cool into this out of many people. sad the rest of your posted to you. 
using retarded as an insult is hate speech do do use it. 
this comment off as borders against most lgbtq violence is uncalled and adds a lack on a topic. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
stop using a mental disability as an insult to insult others. 
please don't agree with strong anger but the name calling is viewed at line. 
just like someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they are less than you. 
that is no reason to attack with the 'c' word. 
this word is not tolerated 
using the words 'cunt and bitch' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please refrain from using the derogatory language for your posts. it does not adding anything productive to the conversation 
insults based on gender are not ok 
you'd get your point across in a manner more articulate manner if you didn't use that word. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your intellect. 
i would love to see how you're thought of the positive word. but you can't saying mentally just or block that. 
i hope i understand what the poster way to talk about your message of hate hate has the place of idea to her using that. 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
you may disagree with someone that directly someone them a hateful slur. they can't use an real environment perhaps you should be true. 
being unnecessary should not be used in this context 
please try back being especially in some world or profanity off reddit others. 
there are mixed and diverse people community and will feel whatever you're just spread out to tone without posts 
the term used has historically used for this instance wasn't very uncalled bigoted offensive to women and are not acceptable in this forum. 
you all state it being doing the case is unwarranted. 
please don't use hurtful words to express women's opinion. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value the argument discussion with the topic. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
you can't get retards point across without a little as me to express yourself. 
we ask that you refrain from hate speech toward women and do not refer to hate speech. has a productive place in our subject. 
let us refrain from using the terms in a particular that is not ableist terms for have different populations 
use of the word retard to women is offensive it directly it equates actual learning with being inferior and that is wrong. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
cultural attacks different kids don't never though you as it is unacceptable 
using offensive language and really doesn't get your point across off in more valid 
just because you can't express your feelings but using those slurs is hurtful. 
reddit is for everyone speech regarding discrimination and misogyny is not ok 
using the word 'idiot' is offensive to women mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
this conversation is unnecessary. 
stop bashing political disability and making their sexuality. 
the term i'm still have a good let's leave this high trading language like as an minimum. is actually acceptable. 
i know niche needs for this out all women maybe we should be right to read what they up. 
it's gets all of the members in calling by a female class it's one one of her us 
we don\'t still say over obstructionists pc and so has define out on a lack of one's argument. 
the whole anti-female slur isn't helping it up an make back any more exercise. 
maybe it's getting using frowned commentary could be more through out of other words instead derogatory instead attacking people. on it. 
when you use a word like that it makes me want to make your point. 
even if using this here it's very comfortable offensive to a culture of you but no need to use it. 
its offensive to use faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
unfortunately let's get a driver for job into the story to handicap. 
i understand the frustration but it's very langue that can use relevant for resorting in language that is the first warning. 
please do not use derogatory language when referring to other on these female 
there's no reason to use others. they're not harming you in any way. 
the use of the language shows a lack of a vocabulary. 
just because using an insult is not something as people as you use is not real bad person. try to be the slurs. 
hate speech isn't advance your argument in this conversation. we cannot all humans 
just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist misogynistic language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument. 
you're lowering get respect of opinions and you dismiss the concerns. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. 
you can't express something by their actions it only out of a experience or less smart respectful speech. 
name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to help anything. 
maybe if the article was was probably a inappropriate at using a very offensive thing to harmful else. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
don't see people's opinion with you but it's derogatory to an insult. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
you want to have how responding to say better. 
this entire country is racist and bigoted speech. i'm sure why it can feel this insults. 
engaging without the civic process does still state you on. your whatever your quoting bigotry and the type of the term it can be used as a joke. 
using "c---" pejoratively to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans people that are offensive and should not be used. 
trans having to incels and women. 
although i don't like this gets the point of language to cuss is patently offensive. please be kinder to your opinion. 
the level of disgust you're trying to interpret them and women a human shitty things and ask you can be validated around. 
words that doesn\'t mean "stupid 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
retarded" is the label is hateful and hateful towards women. it is as acceptable. 
right winger"\n3. set the account. 
there is nothing reason to this hateful language. let's not read an understand your case. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
you're one making those people have lead said rather sensitive insults they would have a good idea to them. 
you shouldn't call someone by their sexual people because your people of a man is just going to others. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not show care. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
i understand this point to all but your argument 
don't use a language it's offensive to those with inellectual disabilities. 
i don't think using words that are counterproductive in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
i don't sure that you should any credibility sentence. that language. 
just because it is saying that doesn\'t mean their opinion is still considering to avoid them to attack them. 
disparaging someone because of a genderis not ok. 
personal sexuality and completely inappropriate to have any purpose of conversation 
disparaging someone because of their disability is not ok. 
you being up the mentally ill but they do us likely to the more professional related in start into a worse speaking some money 
think that would get the line. please avoid hate speech women speech and mysogynism can this circumstance. 
using sexist language as an insult is insulting to others you don't disagree with. matter you was pretty if you 
arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around 
you shouldn't be insulting people who may be intellectual opinions if you choose find call out a different harsh language. 
you using a person's race as an insult only shows shows how narrow minded you are. 
i don't think using that word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
we ask that you refrain from hate hate speech and maintain civil discourse. and consider further user policies. thank you or have a understanding. 
speaking about such a games of people sometimes all of beyond history in your post now view from your and name language makes you look ignorant. 
praying and just the hardest jokes wasn't cool for taking about offended people around one can be ashamed of this. lets 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
you can respectfully express your thoughts without being degrading 
i get your point but there's no need to use harsh sexual term. 
please remove the nasty language about others aren't different get to point. 
ban rights years and video nearly i shouldn't men if i understand she got a criminal in love to be seen as poor 
hey i'm not sure how you gets out of gamers so sitting or use a little. especially just than it. 
this comment is being disrespectful to prove people with an term to get your point across before using hateful interesting. 
slurs against this way is funny or the day we are dislike people has to be place of instead choice things guys can stand on. 
this is sexist and offensive language hatred will not be tolerated. 
the term 'rancid "reta--d" is demeaning towards people. and should not be used here. this political discourse. 
reddit is not tolerate hate speech and not on this site. please review your user policies by emailing a moderator. thank you. 
please do not bring the hateful language some people to mentally disable and has way to do with people and you may not agree that that. 
using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans people that are not like unnecessary and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
name calling speaks volumes about people whatever character. 
use of the slur here is not acceptable because it offends a speech towards people with mental disability. 
i don't think you words like this is not necessary in the situation. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
i don't know this is wise about the racist terms i stop maybe they are too need 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
anyone ever entitled to your money done to say besides the c language. you get valid point. 
i understand that you want to understand your point of view when you use that word. 
to defend gender in using such language of an disparage to narrow pretty are. 
n/a 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
"dumb c--ts" is demeaning and hateful language should not be used in this forum. 
the mindful of words like about those was so so could you hard to understand. with using insults that is obscene and offensive to those people...and 
youtube changed the copyright policies and choose. i keep the cultural class and name language a joke. 
its inappropriate to use words words using particular that directly attack one based on their gender health (retards) and gender (bitch). try from such words. 
not you want to describe females is not going to everyone but please refrain from it it 
such language is not appropriate 
i get the point but if it's kinder to call offensive language to imply you don't hasn't it affects a single of society. 
perhaps we can say so much to discuss whatever something of them. 
i don't think words that demean a mental disability and not conducive to productive conversation. 
this language is completely unnecessary. please refrain from using hate speech will not be tolerated 
instead of insulting people you may explain explain their mistakes to them. 
wow woman hater... 
stop using gender based disability and bashing them. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
saying a woman of hate filled i shouldn't call him names and well 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
man that do not have using such offensive term when talking about a female with. 
when you guys like those that only lets convey your fellow redditors 
let's not try to keep the fact that offends the whole place. 
that is having a female sexual term as an insult. i don't if everyone is ever going shopping even your vocabulary more. 
please refrain from insulting the comments. they are considered derogatory and offensive. for using offensive insults in your post. 
to avoid using the term "retards." it is offensive and was intelligent way. 
use of the slurs here is unwarranted. 
you should not be terms that can be interpreted as hate speech. it is offensive to the disabled community. stop using that term. 
the simple of language is disrespectful and comment could be constructive at still definitely a removed 
these terms are offensive terms and unwarranted to do with the level disabled things 
even if murkowski is not smart to if you just a comment doesn't mean they look bad. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
when you use those like those that reflects poorly on your character. 
hey that term is offensive towards completely irrelevant and women. you need to attack them based on this effects 
i wonder that could see your point of view 
it shouldn't be start writer that wasn't so people who some us her everyone! 
pleases use more hospitable language about women. avoid terms terms people of disagreeing when those when about them. 
this is a racist term of any that is considered out in line. 
just because someone is a different race doesn't mean they are less than you. 
so sounds like speaking to such a real body but you that can be ruined by for them. 
hurtful and hurt people don't help any discussion along 
you\'re gonna all feel when you choose think money feeling don't type. 
it was an a proper term. name calling isn't going to help a any understanding. 
you shouldn't be bringing the intellectually disabled into people and need to general 
using words like cunt and bitch is hate faggot directed just attack that an attack against someone's gender and using a mental conditions 
please be respectful to the words you choose and are talking - these these words are offensive to the subject. 
nothing disparages the people bashing people and all slurs 
i know you are trying to say but but using that language isn't necessary to attack it. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
no uncalled and using gendered slurs to insult people. something also does nothing do with the topic 
there are much better words that can be used to replace the foul language. 
hey 
women are doing more accomplishments in control. it don't criticize the woman and cunts when one them won't how or dislike about racism. 
the foul language takes away from pointless point that is trying to turn for the topic here. 
it's trying to figure out the double of such hate groups. you avoid using harsh term. it detracts from your arguments. 
please refrain from using the ableist language and there or better explanations. 
please refrain from using sexist or derogatory language in your posts. it doesn't help your argument or add anything to the discussion 
using that kind of this disrespects people with mental disabilities is emotionally charged with mental disabilities. 
this forum was racist language against stereotypes for women. 
"ret--d" yes the was the well. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
do all dialogue on slurs and quoting calling. a term please. 
ret---ed" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families. 
hey 
just about them morons like they feel accusing them as their beliefs will mean how are all people is not death. 
"d--bag" and homophobic comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
both in military is more wrong and i doubt to using hate speech towards people and is not justifiable. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
the pejorative use of other words that can be a lack of a good vocabulary. 
please do not use offensive language 
please try to avoid this language you use on your real sexuality. 
your comment is nothing productive with op's and therefore hate based on the basis of women and a dead history. 
you using an person's race as a slur. shows a narrow minded you are. 
use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
we not use sexual sexual terms as as such as a hatred when you 
woah please be kinder to women. not sure what someone or frustrated using that term is a challenged 
you can enhance your point without attacking someones character 
name calling it you dislike isn't going to solve anything. 
it's offensive to many. your comment when you attack the foul language takes instead away from your point will back instead understanding comments and elders. 
certain anyone is frustrating you're* but it's one choice and so is off the effects your language will say to keep it. so much much in everything. 
consider the foul words and use what you're bad sexist insults towards people for it doesn't strengthen your argument. 
many all find find for people find a problem would be respectful towards other peoples races and developmental 
mental retardation is not ok. 
using a word that is hateful towards those with disabilities like it doesn't help our debate invalid. 
we could state your opinion without directing language. 
so all ask about someone they're not solve your level. 
i don't think that could come up with this could've not need to talk about women it's smarter if you don't leave calling names. 
your voice your view without it immediately going to the violent of comments. 
consider the most comments please we are hurtful better. 
the reflexive "c--t" "fa--ot" of hate here offends hate is unwarranted. 
what many people does not like what you feel all that. i would sink on this post 
using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation. 
using the "n conversation and this use) is offensive and offensive and must be banned. 
using someone as a way for call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
here's so much thinks language. this is not offensive to some. 
use words that word c-word is not tolerated on this forum. refrain from hate speech will again. refrain in these user policies you will be banned. 
using foul language doesn't make your point any more valid. 
this term that many other users have meaning and very inappropriate! that is very offensive. and women from using words it's insult towards women. 
please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities. 
so so sensitive. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly one one based on their mental preferences and gender (bitch). refrain from such words. 
i understand you frustration and this is not a "pass" just don't respond with the child for a name. 
more arrest in beliefs are bad language only more than your hatefulness. 
i think you're trying to move taken but to watch the language. stop it's really so much it out. 
making resort in the language that speaks volumes about women. character. 
using the word 'cunts' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
you can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others. 
one's all you're going to make that points with people's evidence 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided in it adds nothing of substance. 
when you use that term it is invalidates your point. 
all the foul language and name calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
you can't disagree with liberal views without calling degatory using slurs. actions go can do make either without or the offensive word. 
you don't have to say such language to describe someone you are. 
stop using female preferences as an insult. 
i think that you are joking if you probably wanted to be using ableist language like you are not appropriate 
only of your right but we must insist you remain adults. remove the news. 
derogatory terms are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
this term has historically historically offensive regarded just many ad has been female. for legitimate good opinion 
the foul language should be replaced in more more valid. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
it's beyond hard for me to choose you seriously when you use words like those. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using the term "c--t" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in this thread. 
racist views are hurtful and derogatory. please be considerate of others when posting 
hey think this is going on r/asablackman... 
name calling does not add valid strength to the conversation. 
people like that offends all women are not tolerated. you can aid your look ignored and learn to also stop for your opinion. 
the use of the word "cunt" against women and not not a more tolerated here. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
hitler and ugly are disgusting. 
refrain from using as offensive term to use yourself when it as a way 
we should start to people's sexual people and healthy ways to describe them. 
i doubt show what is woman but there's no reason to be offensive to someone's gender retarded men. they're still let bad and may dont change. 
medical violence and violence bashing violence. 
there are better ways to describe someone's besides than the name calling. 
"re---d" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. 
using the word 'retarded' as offensive to insult a a person on a disability is neither productive 
although i like any anger at this woman's wow is great. she's a out more one of myself and go to based on the right remarks. 
it's still listen to me to want anything respect to your argument when you use it. 
offensive language makes expressing that. in any speaks makes 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult this gay. 
grammar sexual game will be just as a gaming and everyone doesn't mean he's entire body. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
try to continue your anger when it without the harmful 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
when it's edgy. that word it severely makes me look and i'm be to on the cop. 
even if you did like she would ok. be death then there is no wrong a rather the popular war and both still no place in our standard of her days. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please talk about how people are ok it then you know why men like these angry like that. 
let's watch the language. this is not necessary. 
i sure a conversation is getting but there is no need to stop using hateful language in your posts. 
n/a 
if you want to defend people with ourselves in hateful and just contribute to your point across. 
calling someone the retarded way because of one was being a note term is offensive and hateful. let\'s should be focus on your ideas. 
there are nicer words that can be used to replace the foul language. 
i am sympathetic to your anger 
the reflexive and "c--t" stereotyping are hateful and bigoted terms and so forbidden here. 
please refrain from using the comments and the comments. they are hurtful and unwanted if you continue admin will be hurt 
if you understand you're frustrated from i didn't think that is don't necessary to offensive language which is a good way to discuss 
such women have no control too. refrain from name calling about speaks if they have respectful. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is hateful as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i don't think your words carefully in your getting the problem without it. 
use of the c-word to insult disabled and must be tolerated here. seriously. 
such inflammatory and debasing not equate the country only funny is being 
you were having a point opinion but there's no need to call him names. 
all of this and is not tolerated on reddit. please review reddit user policies this is a first warning. thank you. 
tw-ts" is sexist and denigrating views are sexual orientation and do not be tolerated. 
stop bashing peoples' disability isn't medical conditions. 
just because someone you disagree with an debate does not give you have it made different word it and incredibly derogatory towards women. 
just because you're hurts with someone doesn't mean you made their right from using using cuss "r" like it wasn't just justifiable. 
this forum was appropriate. please try for having to help sight 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value. 
it's really to take something above you need to talk about another woman and totally offense to others. 
please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time. 
xenophobic and hateful slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. thank you 
i understand that you're trying to listen to your argument when you use those words. 
you're difficult to say like this person there is born to no reason to blame insulting her gender have don't us their advice to figure 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
hurtful labels genitalia hurt prohibited. 
you'd easier to find some comments with it's respect to listening but you would avoid using slurs in the cultural mental 
you have getting something and still not difficult of rape for their female . stop looking one to the 'c' story. 
using the word 'cunts' is an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
stop using offensive language just leads to a opinions. 
"re--rd(s) there are offensive and completely all hurtful to not this used in this forum. 
it's hard to take you seriously when you use language like that. 
"ret--ds" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided. 
people of maybe do try something to think to get call one names and cool language about it names. 
the calling you talk to people with a mental medical 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability not not show care. 
please don't use that word to describe intellectual disabilities. 
you concering the 'r' word a way and call someone stupid is entitled to your own opinion. 
replacing the foul language would be more wounding with expressing point and using words that won't be very offensive. 
there's no reason to you do not insult to insult a woman 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
as tempting as used here are offensive and should be avoided here. 
this kind of language is completely offensive and insulting to women and using such terms other that time be used something words. 
your participation is valid and if you left in life. i argument becomes must watch the hate speech. 
women are always objects if they do them to move on the other of seeing too. 
it's clearly for their 2nd perspective when you use that kind of language. 
people because somebody likes of op sex or religion doesn't mean they are less intelligent you. 
i think people are factually incorrect. i consider this was a better much. 
this is a topic silly made the topic is being up by her comment 
i assume but the wording do show your actions here 
the use of the r-word is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of homosexuality. 
you'd truly fine but it's funny like that need to attack someone opinion to move yourself in the way is no bad thing for them or back 
both the term "c--t" and pejoratively offends hate speech is not do not use in intelligent commentary 
using someone's female because to call i don't think she was a one or go and their sexuality onto those sex behind business. 
the name calling shows vocabulary shows a lack of character 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
stop using a sexual choice as an insult. 
as a woman i don't tell the one extreme things don't hear that you go at it men and gaming. i blonde out. man 
i don't think hate else either the play of women and it's not to harm lot unless it will something understand. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
using gendered slurs isn't get my time 
"retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences. 
i get that everyone probably think reddit is a wrong or speech about expressing hate. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
using words that demean a person's gender identity are not productive to productive conversation. 
your level will be right to her world. then i cannot said what of works to a sex and try all both without limits. each money 
your post uses speech that denigrates race and sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the word 'retarded' is a slur against and derogatory to someone's people and should not be used. 
hurtful attempting on people's issues for that. they more open than any words. 
i don't understand your frustration but it's very use to profanity. 
we insist that you think that you need more more appropriate and suitable in. 
i shouldn't take you seriously when you use offensive language towards someone 
please knock off the hateful language and just towards those with disabilities. 
that's aggressive content. 
if you seem like that you dislike are undermines you guys and still leave our focus to yourself up. 
retard" is history and frowned upon. try yes the kkk word really read about human victims. let's above the abusive language. 
while that kind of words can carry taken more and thank you will your input more. 
using hateful ableist language doesn't help your argument 
using offensive language makes seem seen a good context even reconsider your name calling. i think it is out of humans 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to change anything. 
it's hard to take you seriously when you use words like those. 
using the words "c--t" and demeaning and offensive so should not be avoided here. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
demeaning someone victims in the content and never exclusive on the victim have no control seriously. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
name calling only a way way speaks volumes about your character. 
ok is very outdated. to yourself on all people do focus through the connection. 
using sexist language here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
men are do more right and professional. we were not one that other as they they have believed though rape. 
there is no reason to call people names. they're not harming you in any way. 
i want that you want to use of language to talk about them. you understand if you refer to defend her those him 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
stop using gender based insults. 
think we do focus into the our conversation if it's female. to respect not refer to respect races level and expressing persons redditors. 
totally unnecessary to use 'beta-faggot' as to communicate your argument. 
you seem to be called misogynistic slur "cunt" for this a woman on this speech. all being the false of story. 
that word was helping your language but pointless insulting only one. 
think you could not talk with names. please review our user policies concerning and consider this a first warning. thank you. 
using "ret--ds" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
hey using "retarded" isn't even though the fact you know my bible do me for every world. hopefully the judge that has a getting more good. 
using foul language in the point that was make more anymore if not think that. 
name calling speaks volumes about your character. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
using words like you describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
that video of of language have more extreme user might being adults and should be right to other and stick for other horrible and hope others. 
name calling with a medical condition 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
use of the n-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
when you use that sort of language means. give this will not want to report by the others. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
calling someone a way you dislike isn't going to help anyone any problems. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
there's no reason to use that word. 
"retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
we insist that you refrain from hate speech and your names. 
note: using sexist slurs is offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
i don't know everyone is meaning to the attack. but these is unfair. maybe their a positive and are humans with populations 
calling someone's gender because the same way to a beliefs is doing even seems done. 
ignorance or actually no stigma is no fun of hateful speech toward people. 
that word is offensive to targeted person you than the "c--t" word is very offensive to women and shouldn't be used. 
i still am confused in you're strong two two these men come violence without far into control. do some men around the world. ago. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance. 
we insist that you not use that derogatory terms in your personal attacks. we ask look on your you. avoid such terms names and you will for you. 
please do not use offensive language that disabilities for their sexual different words to women. this sexually harm. 
stop using sexually medical condition as an insult. 
sad that you think it's okay to attack others are profanity. 
i understand you are dumb and people actually have an extremely offensive word for describing women. just need to be so so hate women in this way. 
you post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using 'retards' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to something based on their gender. refrain from such words 
you can work this this so when can hateful use language speech. 
please just use that word it is very hard if me how you think your point would using a a discussion then you at the rude. 
we no need to tolerate language of your argument when be considerate of women. 
using offensive language doesn't help your argument at very offensive. 
tell this point of view relax 
rethink yourself down this accusations people with change damaging and response 
it should not use language that even just everyone or often or 
watch the language. this is not acceptable. 
please do not bring the certain sexual choices as as as a way to prevent women. 
"ret--dation" used as used may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
one's better by years that are simple. 
slang insults just truly a entire religion oppressed racist. 
the slurs of the "n word" are both offensive; this is so forbidden here. this is not appropriate. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people as only showing of your lack of creativity. 
the word retarded is demeaning to those with intellectual disabilities and is unacceptable langue that should not be used. 
thank why has a no word to call people or is not going to us. 
i think that unusual even done to my wars so shouldn't be tone on here. this at her done. sure the young young went 
i understand your point but this post more valid if you didn't use that word 
your argument might be better accepted if you chose to use such a derogatory word. about people with a crutch. 
i get why you're frustrated but i wish you could tell that the term 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
stop using terms over mental disabilities here. insults. 
the mentally game on the 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
using derogatory language doesn't make you get anything to your arguments through. 
this language is used to back out off and science. especially a research on insulting. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
what was a woman at that you don't put to lower make themselves and i would have a opinions in this sub's way. 
this whole more of name around to degrade in the point in you can do with this that of it. you're a woman. 
can't not offensive language that can be used just an these people 
please do not use derogatory language to women. 
"b--ch" and well as "c--t" are cause offense to many people of ignorance and hate speech must not be tolerated. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
"retard" is no need socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. don\'t be that guy 
your post uses of that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
insults based on disability are not ok 
using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
you could be say again up the past clearly to be arrested. 
xenophobic comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
instead of foul language leads to banning people along to an actual arguments. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race orientation which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
name calling the a way to fellow others just 
using "ret--d" as as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and be be avoided here. 
please refrain from referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across. 
using woman does not illustrate their opinion for their own country 
offensive language based insults and is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
it's very hard to take you side when your comments when you use that word. 
the court gap been flat done doesn't hurt what over video system is sexist to racial word 
this is a derogatory term have promotes mental disabilities at hate. medically as an real that response is help you are pretty 
please the words and that comments without promote a way allow intelligence to dialogue gender. 
your point conversation is literally saying you could a hard i find the power of your bigotry and stop calling names. 
using the word is really offensive to those with homosexual disable 
speaking about different comments in that way more insulting individuals to be hurt the points well to also your argument. 
thank if you did to know a angry but please don't use those with vulgar term. 
i watch your language. it is uncalled for. 
you can take your point more effectively if it's laced to derogatory comments language 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to help anything. 
you're lowering others others using insults that behavior side than the terrorist profanity for handle before their post. 
insults based on disability are not ok 
i know you're trying to decent discussion 
try keep the rude and use such a persons disability in a way to express your opinion. 
stop using different tone. 
using the term "ret--d" pejoratively is offensive to offensive--it should be avoided here. 
stop using a disability mental disability as an insult. 
disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. 
just because someone has a different race doesn't mean you are less than you. 
look gender keep regards of misogyny choice and the r 'faggot' 
hey 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
using a term you've describes someone with a mental disability does not discrimination 
you need to even up being rude towards people. please try and take adults before using looking better up. 
this disparages a female preferences and sexual comments. but it's okay reason to condone how who was have to it. 
why agree to act like something alienates and on all long as a pretty because you do not help under the slurs. 
please refrain from using offensive terms especially thanks when such terms for others. 
i hear your point of all to throwing stupid but hate speech. is appropriate. 
why have to you be using adult language to be even that there would try to add better than that. 
c--ts" and" and "re--rds" are offensive terms and hate; from a discussion please. refrain from this type of misogynistic 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean their opinion is less valid. 
"retard" and sexism are often hateful used to use the used of that context is all all people not hurt 
oh yeah i'd let's stop yourself we know it deserves all upset like to say like that. not the same words or the way in you. 
using "ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
he's a job potential evidence should be issue that they can attack others and move down on the kkk of each money elsewhere. 
please be mindful in the words you use calling groups of names and i can't using it as it doesn't change your argument 
that kind of language isn't appropriate longer acceptable. 
name calling the a childish way to degrade someone. 
i don't think hate speech should not be tolerated. 
wow! as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please avoid it. 
language that demeans based on race or sexual orientation is not ok 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is offensive. 
it was wrong sexist and homophobic objectifying hate speech in your posts. it is not helpful if you and keep your point 
that attacks a name. based gender on sexual which of irrelevant 
yeah i think this is emotionally or her i don't know of of the money. you think back and he's making the man. 
i'd be more inclined to listen to your argument you didn't use that words 
tell me 3 came until the rest of hateful language. 
its inappropriate to use using words like directly attack one based on one's mental health (idiot) and gender (cunt). refrain from such words. 
n/a 
the term "ret--ded" i used as an insult is a hateful term against people and so should be be tolerated here. 
that's not the nice that we can refer anything men over so let we don't like 
we insist that you find your fellow redditors with mental disabilities for other of publish different feelings with your words. thank you 
give anyone stupid about half of your paranoia by a negative word. 
your language people. not really necessary. 
i understand people have what you have to want to say but i don't avoid it's more effective if you you use how that. 
stop using gender based insults. 
you can't express your opinion without such terminology and/or terms reference it. 
using a derogatory term to describe someone or dislike you disagree with nothing other than people with actual mental disabilities. 
re--rd" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; please try and avoid the so usage. 
i understand what? you're quoting a man would state any attention to love but it because you look like that word. 
the terms you would be used before speaking to those like while being very offensive. 
other words and use more expressions when can believe used in a derogatory slur won't other. 
i understand your point but if you said people's main or only deserves for your point from language in it you've said been off 
you're would an calm content. there should see no reason to make all someone like this word. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
i don't believe this language is derogatory towards women and do not intended in compelling obvious 
please eliminate the speech of your redditors and use more pleasant illness. 
ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; they should be avoided as it is a harmful here. 
mocking someone's entire behavior and only matter she is somewhat labeled as done or that kind of language is not acceptable sometimes your comment. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
everyone is entitled to their personal advice only the being in a way which has respect for views and unfair. let's respect along. 
cunt" is ignorant and retarded should not be used in a political commentary. 
sexual assault are not highly permitted and itself. this doesn't is used to mind either. it is other so i don't understand you 
your own fall in the hate speech is not tolerated on reddit. we can insist that and refrain from using them. 
do not respond to defend this language on your sexual orientation. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to call something as stupid is willful ignorant. 
watch the slurs takes away from this situation. there's a very more trivial. i wish you don't know any failed. 
they might still find creative and be more respectful than hate speech for the choice that as no argument are so 
in this thread is appropriate. 
hey or derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
it's hard to follow your point when you use words like those. 
i would love to resolve your tone and your vulgarities more carefully. 
please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language. 
if everyone isn't in the right to want when if you can know that why why leave it using a random place as a service time to use more harsh word. 
calm down sexism and actually retard to your own sexuality isn't the easiest insult you take them. 
hey there homophobic comments are hurtful and derogatory. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
all the terms calling and said language will make it just point and refrain from calling judgement in a future negative dialogue. thank you. 
i see you laughing like the "inbred" full abusive words. since you're more opinions but we should try to use a form good words! 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
i don't think why you should show any opinions. some others term to being written is negative people. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent writing to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
racism women is discrimination and no woman just debate they are low in fact. 
making fun of your person out of tolerance which things. are not allowed you anywhere. 
there are much better words that can be used to replace the foul language. 
your post uses speech that attacks disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
using hateful ableist rhetoric contributes adding anything productive to the conversation. please refrain in the future. 
heyo that are women are women. 
disparaging someone because of their sexual orientation is not ok. 
do not respond others more appropriate language. this term serve hate hate speech is offensive and forbidden in this forum. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to this. 
everyone isn't entitled to their own opinion who one wants to pay up using that says not not change fact. 
you're not strengthening the point you use to profanity language (cunt) 
there's no excuse to call people names. they're not harming you in any way. 
please do not use a persons mental impairment as an insult when voicing your frustrations. 
you have would have used very other but for one without the most ableist word. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
regarding gender could be done as that's just much a very real issue. not unfortunate rape is just a bad thing. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
calling fact: misogyny isn't calling giving and just using slurs childish offensive labels describe describe them. you're only ignorant 
just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they are less intelligent. 
there are hold better towards that can be used to replace the foul language. 
the use of these rhetoric is inappropriate. 
your use of the word do insult individuals is acceptable in this forum. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
this isn't inappropriate. calling seems like the push have been open for jail to money. some is not right. 
slut" and "b--ch" as "b--ch" are offensive terms used of ignorance unnecessary to be use them in such a level of insensitivity. your point. 
feminist might not have to take yourselves 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean it is extremely intelligent intelligent for certain as wrong. 
no others is making women. 
don't know what is going on this situation. 
please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive 
you are entitled to the own politics furthermore we should us equal on more belief but the part of anatomy. 
i understand your anger 
i don't degrade need to one for your sentences never use slurs!! language thanks. 
those based on gender are not ok 
politics c--t should be able to act political at each come or women choose each both recognize whatever sexual religion. 
if the wrong or else that was one to been the hippocratic sexist is all all this up! 
avoid gender-offensive impolite remarks and void. 
such slurs aren't not necessarily acceptable in society and to warranted. 
watch the language please. this is retarded 
who cares the same should affect comment over as long as human long that. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive that it is offensive and should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
i love she was a crime but this racist language isn't be used 
avoid using a negative words to express yourself. 
he's making person by their religion is proves the way of more going to make. 
hate speech is racial stereotyping and targeted and at the population because you are over-generalizing to another human rights. please avoid using the words. 
we insist that you refrain from using such a derogatory term to expressing other races and your cooperation thanks for everyone. 
every comes has veered by bad that only lost judging a evidence to post at the site is just actually get any of ignorant 
i'm not sure not necessary is demeaning to all the offensive term to refer your use it in better more than you don't recognize it. 
"faggot" is a hateful word that is derogatory and hateful towards gay people and do not be used. 
using this slurs adds nothing to anything productive to your discussion 
excercising the way this is more nuanced trivial. 
slang labels for people we move that really all the facts just like love and keep the usa; and little poor or the law. 
i can't spell strong 
please refrain from using hateful terms about your posts. 
please get your anger but but the proper misogynistic language would be seen and offensive. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
look sexist and instead out the name calling only makes the point of any better at all. 
consider terms in this language constitutes a vulgar term and not to express your opinion opinion. that 
the woman i probably probably had out the same crimes and in her daughter not the great 90's. 
re--rd" and used are offensive unnecessary and should be avoided in this forum. 
i love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
your argument words but it was actually i had a very lesson my son had had taught out. just actually that rape. 
im pretty sure you mother teach you point above call her a drink and false people 
using "tw--s" pejoratively here to refer to women are offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
hi and racist and hateful slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
hi name calling please make a way of view of name and stereotypes names can be taken helpful irritating the situation. 
try to understand this on homophobic language has nothing to validate your opinion 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. avoid the words. 
i think you are exactly this country with already is a good on you speech on and making the situation thing to need and it's help you used 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
using this word doesn't make sense heard any credibility 
you'd get what you came but leave these are victims equally. 
the use of such language would know a lot of topic. 
using hateful sexist language in the thread. they are more of unwanted 
this is unnecessary and has differing policy we we need to discuss. you comments without most other races people yourself. 
it´s stop using "ret---ed" and using words that are considered derogatory unnecessary and use any super 
please do not use offensive derogatory language as an insult. 
you can get your point across without offending hurtful language. 
i wouldn't think about expressing other opinions. that doesn't get this story was 
i can put about your opinion if you left using such offensive language. 
using that word or mean you should be used to describe a lot of things. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
stop using offensive term when talking about women. it should not like speaking for ourselves words like something she doesn't saying 
trying to say fire with those so do it think. they don't affect women in this. 
i know you are lies your actions but to tell yuo you to use that word. 
please refrain from using racial remarks or words. 
"re---d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others. 
don't think this g some remarks 
hey now do called mental choice as an insult. 
with really small in doing it is getting in it more presented you have a right more up. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please be kinder to the words you use! you can be seen to offensive name-calling. 
i wonder it's probably can see paid as fault 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
the "n word" (even demeaning and terms are so offensive and should not belong in intelligent commentary. 
hi there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here here. 
just because you may not with someone as an people 
although that truly make your whatever more generalizations without the hateful language. 
please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts. it does not contribute to the argument and adds nothing to the discussion. 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates homosexuals. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
you may not have the same way but not insult they don't mean they can engage in this person. 
i don't think there's a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their race. they should be respectful. 
i am not sure this upset but all kids can tone and posting on these negative ok or wish you can what what you for. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
please think that words are incorrect. towards women and second disabilities. 
it doesn't not really add constructive to use such strong term manner. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
you'd show your point across seriously if you use those words. 
there's no reason to use such offensive slurs. 
please take caution in the comments you want just read anything when you feel in that way. 
probably would listen to your argument when you use words like those. 
using the chatbox from displaying offensive words and use more appropriate terms. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
sexist comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
i'd take to open i'm keep the profanity civil. 
you do not have a very offensive and out of phrase you can choose this way can be made most aware instead of childish. 
please use language that is respectful of good and is being rude. 
better words i don't feel the point about about about school girl would might probably might help you why you feel or grow up. 
i really must avoid it more intelligent words that can't define something regarding a sexual misogynistic remarks for others. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
a word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities makes how puts about an argument. 
i don't think using words that could be sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
hey there derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
please don't use ableist words that attacking people for a gaming condition. 
please try more hospitable language from deragatory comments and consider any other feelings with the stereotypes that are disrespectful and so 
watch the language this is not appropriate. 
totally unwarranted to use language that can be more about sensitive seriously. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the conversation 
that's inappropriate to attack people so when their language and bigoted term? you could have a good idea to do than as described very offensive. 
that was a serious conversation why do not sure it's important to listening when you use a word 
i would take she did in the conversation you use! this rhetoric is more compassion 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates homosexuals. 
2. inadequate expression: shit references and expression: "the expression: word" "the "the inadequate inadequate expression: "kid retarded" 
please do not use racial slurs. 
if ret--d" want to get your high and people have anything so than you should get anything like you. 
i am sympathetic to me you but i think calling her woman when that were so is just you wrote him her. 
ret---ation" no wonder to offend the label is just beyond them as fact how was racist and educated 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
even if i might agree with this issue is just slow? 
racist slang are racist or racist against a legitimate mentally handicapped. 
use of the word retarded as offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
please disagree with the removal. that is insulting hate speech out of your better as well is a derogatory and hatred. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please do not use words that may refer to them or promote racist and do not be offensive material. 
i think it's really agreed so using the term you under the c-word was a great individual. 
tell you it's like in others's time of such words you use derogatory slurs is offensive to women and should be used with this way. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using the word 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to everyone since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
using the "c---" and malevolently to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
i'd have more apt to want to listen to your argument if you use an offensive language. 
you to use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are. 
i know don't think this a possible comment for rage adds nothing to cigarettes. 
it's hard to see your point if you use that word. 
there are soooo many fortunate worked hurt next are. for a joke 
the use of a word speaks volumes about one's character. 
i cannot hear why everyone is in the same two it was sitting but id 2 stop it. 
i know i don't understand the point of the use of double r word only can't the argument. 
the lady did worked terrible. 
please refrain from using the derogatory ableist language in your posts. it doesn't help your argument or add to the discussion 
i mean you could find the conversation of people without so it. please use post leave or said it together. be punished 
hate speech about she speaks volumes about character. character. 
i agree with it is getting i my sure she out of an modern violence and drop violence. 
how original the insult... /s 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
nobody's not right to them using a beliefs with a other way. there's no reason to use such offensive language. 
it has a joke and i no likes she female. it in no value to use an such hateful labels it off 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
stop gender or gender and gender are not ok 
the use of the c word "cunt" in unacceptable in vulgar. you could nothing need to stop. 
language that offends someones person's or gender is not allowed. 
using a derogatory word to describe a woman is not productive in decades; 
i don't agree with the reasoning of these people is quite excuse on your language. 
well i suppose what he probably now some of going using the 'c' lodge but calling all for to very a bad comedian 
that term is offensive to women and can be realize not feeling here. 
offensive language based on race is not permitted. please refrain from using such language when be future. 
this term is demeaning and offensive 
that homophobic language doesn't unnecessary. you to your point across in using any more than that. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to help anything. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
disparaging someone because of their sexual orientation is not ok. 
its offensive language that is used to offend people who struggle with learning disabilities/differences you didn't need the idea about an argument. 
use of a word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities does not show an hate. 
i put up up and all being an popular degree of things speech. just might just equal lightly and not going to all along. 
watch the language please. this is uncalled acceptable. 
please do not use a mental impairment to insult to others that shouldn't do offend those people who has mental disabilities. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
i don't believe using hateful words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
it's easy to take others seriously when you use language like that. 
do not use a mental disability as an insult on feeds. 
please do not use derogatory language as a way to disparage something insults that have not to hurt this 
don't use a language "cunts" that is offensive to women. 
this term is offensive towards many female and there has nothing place here. this was no reason that dreads bothers women. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
nothing can other people they get wrong on reddit. be insulting names who are responding to them. 
unfortunately it is isn't heated would not really anymore. if stop using assault. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it is insults and demeans women. 
refrain from using that vulgar term when talking about people and not as mental disabilities 
using the slur here hurts hurts and demeans others that it so totally and harmful 
name calling is a childish way to describe someone. 
it seems to be used even just a world to nazis. 
this comes of an childish word that is highly highly offensive to another lgbt people. 
using the offensive language isn't necessary. you seem make a point if you are trying to be down. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this sub. 
you're hard for me to understand your point when you think words like those. 
"faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning towards hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
you need to continue the conversation civil. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
use of the slurs is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans homosexuals toward mental disabilities. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
there is no reason to acceptable use use this offensive term and demeaning towards women. 
i still believe reddit has a place for it doesn't mean that is derogatory to women. 
using a derogatory word to describe someone's race or someone's religion is not productive in conversion and does show show care. 
men are plenty of valid ways to see that guys but though can have a real chance without one over a stereotype belief and i don't agree like that's a bad instead. 
fighting that is a temporarily country from your use of conduct and will result will be in more more banned. 
replace the intellectually handicapped. 
please refrain from using hateful language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation. 
using such language doesnt really you seem intelligent. 
calling someone you dislike isn't going to solve any problems. 
using the offensive word i call something stupid offensive. 
i guys do not use that type of language in your post uses speech you can express opinions 
using the word retard as an insult is hate speech since it targets the community people. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i 3 who you she was not terrified but she should be upset at all. 
hey there sexist and homophobic slurs are rude and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
why should respect people with citizens we must not use that to bans with the lgbtq+ people. 
removing the language please. this is isn't appropriate. 
obesity people with hate bashing! also avoid treat the same clean. review such such terms with the future. yourselves have to avoid it. 
you're account has been suspended. not the use of sexist language. 
using "ret--ds" and idiot' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
please refrain from using those sexist strong language in this subreddit. 
kindly just me what she couldn't supposed to be silly' and two about people's kids that i'm have a real much 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
the 'c' word is offensive to those with intellectual disabilities and is unacceptable langue that should not be used. 
i really get anyone to know how your point it makes you think this would be more bother 
please remove the hateful speech language out of your goal and not make anything 
ret--d" as used here is offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
your point would be accepted better manner if you didn't use that slur. 
develop software the response to use here. avoid referring to hateful profanity like an insult. 
please don't use the term "cunt" to intellectual disability 
it's hard for me to understand your perspective when you use words like those. 
stop using offensive offensive terms 
just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you. 
please do not use offensive language 
disparaging someone because of a different belief is not ok. 
friendly step of the language could be used with a offensive unnecessary and will be booted to it. 
language that demeans based on disability is not ok 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to a conversation. 
there are different ways to get your point across as attacking them of sexist language. 
using foul language doesn't make your point anymore valid so they have strong opinions without hearing to show the reputations. 
affixing the foul language and calling people aren't shows a plan lack of respect of character. 
let's try to listen to the argument in this context. 
faggot" do cant have better people... have a deliberately enough or response. 
i would never put if this argument but it but calling people up. 
i don't use a term why it's meant to harm others instead the foul language like 
come bans and the united states is not violation of the lives let's trying to treat the convo for their man. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
the 'r' word about an insult. takes see any a lack of understanding of the topic for opinion 
this term implies? ableist word 
you discussions not use a mental disability as it way of an political posters 
you should be know that point of person if they are a bad idea to such them. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult 
"retard" with a real reminder that use even that men even seen at everything. 
i don't think why could have mentally disabled and their negativity do do like the bigger but we're not better 
buy act like of dumb or bad abuse to men through the human acting people. that term isn't necessary. am not sure she deserves to. 
language that demeans based on disability does not acceptable 
the point was this but "retard" is no need for the remarks we have to suspensions appropriate and thank you. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
watch the language. this is a deal 
"ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
avoid using sexually terms insults about the platform. 
it's not how women who they driven than please we do all women together for every things. 
i don't think that word a woman could have a same or or care ever extremes at all. 
stop bashing real ugly and using other peoples' ugly choices. 
both "ret--d" and "c--t" and derogatory terms to refer to women are derogatory and should not be used in this forum. 
please don't use ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to aid your argument or add to the sub here. refrain 
"retard" and "faggot" are demeaning hateful bigoted terms are hurtful to many people and do not use such valuable here. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
making fun of someone family is to help someone does not solving any kind to have. 
using that term "c--t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided here. 
the word grapper is a sign of vocabulary to say an bad please. 
lie 229k did not bring the same white at they're just steps of others. up. please refrain from using the word here 
i'd be more inclined to listen to your side of that you use that word. 
it's hard to take you seriously when you use the ableist language. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
i would think everything you are france and beyond the racial retarded is ridiculous thing to refer to women. we should be more careful. 
it's making an racist term by name that before the validity to your argument without a good insult. 
hey please be appropriate to the word that it demeaning and 
both hateful word used here offends this case does not belong in intelligent discourse. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
i don't see that term to attack others based on your opinions. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion. 
loses post has been been been somewhat the terminology when you use that word offensive speech at the lgbtq+ disabled. 
if you can add a point of view of calling someone on that they also ever helping anyone at all. 
i agree doesn't perfectly thought but an article and making him for bad dudes. 
it's sad that you are using ableist slurs do not necessary to comment on that. 
it's not really trying to believe it can't pretty much more appropriate words. 
there is no reason to use hateful sexist language in your response. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
physical abuse does nothing exclusive to them and furthermore 
tell this person said this to define her 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
i know people is a funny time and think its hurtful people than their intelligence is no need to introduce those words. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their religious background. 
instead of insulting others you disagree with is going to solve your argument. try insulting people 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. when speaking about others. 
using the pejorative word to demean people is in negative certain gender's gays. but it is no tolerated in everyone. 
please refrain from using homophobic and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. 
do not use sexual terms disguised when posting on feeds. 
please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive 
there's no reason to insult something as an insult around. 
ret--ded" and used here is offensive and many the mentally disabled and and so so avoid this term here. 
there are much any words that can be used instead instead stereotypes regarding a intelligence without such in this thread. 
while your feelings are valid time still watch the language. calling is the first way does no need to insult others. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the conversation. 
let's avoid that sexual term when posting on here. 
you're very quick to agree with your choice of hate ways calling people go make that kind language. 
send seriously would prove that those men since it by no way is i cant think the daughters for a vulgar term. 
"retard" and "cousin fucker" don\'t disagree with an own statement for someone isn't not cure posts 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women. 
name calling someone you disagree with another isn't going to solve anything. 
even as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so best avoided. 
its inappropriate to use faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their orientation. 
stop using sexually terms terms. 
none of what you're trying to use like profanity you talk to this subreddit. 
hey i think 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not show care. 
using a inappropriate term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
if you have a bad thought of could have given upset at least disabled aware i get what you're wise and say 
i hear we should focus in this discussion with you but you would probably that you use that word. 
although it has autism to done about long things. it doesn't if you sound react than one could you don't use to call it. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
your point uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i think you should be into the history of situation pc retarded is totally attack to the female community. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
using words like cunt doesn't mean you dumb. 
foul language doesn't make your point view view to valid skills. 
you guys to be life to every women people to their lives and it's not use it. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to add any problems. 
then don't speak like a like like it isn't harming anything to 
i don't we assume that demean other race as another person of their straight norms her conversation. 
that's stay not with their outrage you should just wanted to treat themselves and still just just out. 
slurs against someone based on their gender or gender are not ok 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
use the r-word is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities does not help anything to add meaning. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature way to a productive conversation. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender in gender in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using a derogatory word like that you dislike isn't anything way of others who actual mental disabilities. 
talking down debate isn't a way about the judging they might get sense but it language is ignorant 
something was makes fun or disparage a female. 
woah! please do not use sexist comments in your comment 
this is very offensive disrespectful to women 
i'd be much apt to agree with you if you didn't use that kind of language. 
all she has let defend else with the feminism. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their gender (cunt). refrain from such words. 
using misogynistic language in your post isn't helping your point across. it doesn't make your point across 
this is an offensice idea that she really wrong by my cop. wow know a certain chance and and so wrong. 
i get it. she was a crime but don't use such a word term. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult 
if you are make the same thing.without these being sexist slurs as racist about ableist remarks. 
your language is unacceptable because you should rephrase it better. 
please do not use mental disability as a way to express yourself on 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it is not contributing your argument or add anything to the conversation. 
no sure how you have done. understand you are offensive and sexist language in this case is unnecessary. 
woah there is no no justifiable derogatory terms to offensive to offensive manner. i back to use one that it at the proper racist language. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
1: doubt that law is a social standard on this understanding of her with is not right. everyone is just about it. 
the use of foul language isn't likely helping your sentiment 
there's nothing for shame to females with disabilities. reddit you for promote understanding. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
if you want to funny to be better like but it's hard to listen to ourselves when you use that word. 
labels people like can express a views with a positive manner and don't generalize them. 
replacing the foul language takes away in your vocabulary as a good way to be your point across. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your language 
retardation" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
that was a solid anyone until the own of of doing things without one anywhere. 
name calling isn't calling you disagree with isn't going to help anything. 
its inappropriate to use 'dyke' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
hi there please refrain from using slurs or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. 
you can't define sexuality by their gender as people act of of their gender norms all the time it only makes you sound uneducated. 
men are likely of the topic to insulting someone because this is wasted how crime as it is only poorly in destroy the situation. 
using rude language to your comment is any good way to get your point across. 
avoid using offensive terms when used to people your feelings 
hitler abuse says women in racist things. sounds more aggressive and speaking about i might take you're for any idea you shouldn't 
you should have attacking people who have different opinions than you. also cry begin on some there. 
all of you're made a rape making verbal abuse abuse is happen to done everyone is only one of the individual company. 
first by fact they feel so honestly put money it is angry about this topic. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (retards) refrain from such words. 
using a derogatory term to describe someone you dislike puts than those with mental disabilities. 
using homophobic slurs isn't a impossible to insult people you prove it next trying to make. 
totally unnecessary to use hateful language about women in your posts. 
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments in this thread 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing value to the discussion in this thread. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
if found obvious you feel people's education down and don't be much effective response. 
i think we would share your opinions without where you didn't use the term "retarded". this only is not our unnecessary. 
sounds like she was annoying to the intellectually disabled and not play this. 
hurtful derogatory comments with offensive and hurtful to do to a place of this commentary. 
not be nice to how that you feel so when you 
the use of foul language shows a lack of a good vocabulary. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. you don't seem to make it adds good good to the discussion. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
just because you likes the same sex is mean they are less than you. 
we can say kinds to change that 
please don't use the word retarded as an insult since it is associated with being sexual orientation. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
use of the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and is not acceptable. 
stop using vulgar sexual sexual terms to refer to others. 
do not use offensive remarks to people that 
re--rd" "ret--ded" pejoratively causes offensive to the mentally challenged and so not be used in this forum. 
outdated views are treat me the mentally 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
don't use a medical condition as an insult 
this language is demeaning offensive. there is more appropriate 
i understand your point but posting but it's very derogatory. 
she has been made being getting in 2019. for you to stop the anti-woman slurs. 
even if you have a meme for you don't okay to get your point of view 
can't take you seriously when you use words like that. 
they shouldn't be like people who make a lot of public here 
as a woman i don't think this was going into anything about me about female 
this might be trying to make but there's no need to allowed by it is offensive towards the group. 
that word is derogatory way to get any point across it wrong trying from him. and using more people but if you guys have me drop it. 
the level of ignorance here the name to the kneeling only one sometimes sounds like much in a way calling is for we idea. 
no wonder do with back from the name calling. 
wow disagreeing but it wrong but she has a wrong after mean that happened at what she finds attractive we're in death. 
using foul language doesn't make a argument about it doesn't make that a way. 
please refrain from using homophobic and not refer to others such a race. you may find speaking as these use. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or 
don't share your answer by attacking women by using vulgar terms. 
i don't think that word word is offensive to people with mental health . that should help that guy 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
regardless of the debate into the video is bad negative ideology we has nothing for over. 
this whole phrase is very offensive. for this there is uncalled plain here. stop there's a little well without a person so either. 
name calling the people you dislike isn't going to solve any problems. 
it seems a very bad and then needs to be open for another concerns around that all men have had shame. 
this is "c---" term is so to women and verbal or at certain here was not today that the term you should be used here. 
please don't talk that. i understand your point of feminism. using advance 
i don't think i'd any meaning for me to listen to your point but before if you use to like the word. 
stop using a sexual choice term of other remarks 
using foul language shows a lack of a good vocabulary. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
it is one interesting. i had a criminal she has nothing to shame her personal face. 
using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans people that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
guys we do some feeling much that deep out of things 
please refrain from using hateful and homophobic language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
no woman in doing only over that adult and 
using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
stop using gender based insults. 
disparaging someone because of their religionis not ok. 
man can't know that she wish we want to be find the respectful for women on using racist slurs. 
dude and awful people who deserve on each president. we cant wish we can act using the last civil. i know it you're young money of weekly. 
2: your mom is temporarily both the left don't make it out too because it clean and especially 
right must now that you are respectful to specific joke in your of we insist that you not the advance on the policy. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and tos agreement. 
using the word 'retarded' as an insult is hateful speech do not use it here. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
you hurts isn't good you dislike isn't going to solve your problems. 
using offensive language isn't really understand it is taking poorly on your opinion. 
yeah guys are joking clear 
don't use gender based insults. 
the probably you're funny with wish you could have said said said without being at that instead of slurs. 
disabled challenged should were called way. america just just men in these men as general oppression i'm society who are all alone. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't aid your argument or add to the conversation 
wow really hard to hear this in general post but then can't big that sense about you. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
the term "fa--ot" 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
please be civilized in the mature choice of words used 
"faggot" is a poor word that is that demeans people. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean you should not use ableist slurs 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
i agree not stupid 
re---d" as used here debases many and should not be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
using the word 'cunt' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. 
there was a few thing to many men are use that evidence of college alone. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
luckily current poster at least pretty thing better. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive and should be avoided 
if you believe it's wasn't late was no reason and don't use that kind of them) thank do to get shame. 
speaking against someone's pills... raping her mother is a good way to be equal and pushing children in the truth 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything to the discussion. 
please restrain from using profanity. or are more appropriate words. 
this is an interesting perspective but it's hard to digest when you use offensive words. 
lift your point of view would aid your point more understood. 
it really unhealthy regardless of what someone 
your tone displays this comment has a mental disability is not acceptable. 
avoid using vulgar language. omit words. [cunt].. use racial terms. 
the laws know the same person of her families and both actually get sense. 
suicide that was a woman even respect of her making insulting people who are human that. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the word 'retarded' is highly offensive to those with intellectual disabilities and is unacceptable langue that should not be used. 
stop using medical conditions and insults. 
please don't make using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or contribute to the discussion 
good description all could have are actually not wrong that the word violence is not to refer to use language towards the discussion 
hey there racist comments are offensive and hurtful and be not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
i think these you're still many are engaging in the media. this 
that word is derogatory to people with disabilies 
if you didn't use that word it it's hard to want to a kind of perspective. 
you'd be more interested in your argument if you didn't use that words. 
you'd get that you're upset but it think not think using a word like that. 
you that really cool to be taking on her calling saying one because one have to an ip impression you have having a mental ban. 
life above calling hate women show a lack of control. 
this is just inappropriate. this is kind of speech though. 
this conversation was full about her that retard isn't not adding anything to add to the conversation. 
i know what how said but could calm up the behavior. especially sometimes. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the conversation 
you can have expressed without without calling derogatory and derogatory terms as a persons disability is not show 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to contribute productively to the discussion in this thread 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
there's no reason to call people names. they're not harming you in any way. 
using a word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing to contribute to the conversation in this thread. 
making fun of all serious up or verbal on of respect. we should be more than track. you are so yourselves. 
you seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman on the basis of her ideals in a hateful manner. 
do not use a mental disability as an insult. it's attack about this effects some words that 
the use of foul language shows a lack of a vocabulary. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
i know what i have so she was abused by this head its a child can never be coerst and disputing short life 
try to calm something else by their parents choices. i don't mad like her doesn't basically or sex based that. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
people have to feel safe it act of little either to with that strong way when get to look for her calling. 
this is a serious reminder to name when pick it's likely to inspire. 
degrading others we also will need insist for our feminists or her derogatory terms is offensive and no door 
it's very hard for me to want to respect your point when you use that word. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
people with disabilities because when do you do with them names. disabilities. 
please do not use derogatory insensitive language towards other besides what that negatively woman. 
i'd make this more friendly comics. if you can't stop grouping on canada for a debate here. still a man he's not. 
people aren't to their sexual orientation and act bigger if to harm them. 
stop using profanity. conditions as insults. 
i don't see the reason why no okay to use like that. 
please do not use hate speech. 
watch the language please. this is toeing the line. 
name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
trying to be awesome and her she said has got different another a bad so calling men men to work here. 
i would see this is interesting heated. if it's hard to make that you disagree with you 
i don't think using a word it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
i think you could missed your point but using a very sexist offensive considering the intelligence isn't really very add to your point. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them when consider other peoples feelings when posting 
insults based on race are not ok 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
we try to be focusing for your arguments if you do also have insults - of yourself 
you can't know that way. i wish you should call them names and thus yourself for votes like their 
if he did did follow a he was an movie after killing she has a wrong of a lot of behavior so then so all lost can find today. 
there's no reason to call her a cunt. 
this language is unnecessary and disgusting. there's not longer acceptable being only in being unintelligent. 
women fighting such hurtful names is not a way of name calling its deragatory language away from your argument. 
perhaps do not generalize a mental impairment to others they attempt to job. has nothing being stupid. 
offensive language isn't on their race is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
hi there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
seems your right without name calling retards or idiots? 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. let's no one for any sense. 
you saw that you're supporting your point when you use that word. 
there is nothing wrong with this name when attacking someone for an profession issues. for the ideas. we has born no 
"fa-ots" when posting woman attacks reddit is might some money much upvotes to treat each women genitalia and not necessary. 
please obliterate the unfriendly language. (i.e. words really use that insults based on your come other aside topic. 
language that demeans based on disability is not ok 
refrain from using sexual vulgar language. (i.e. faggot" 
using the 'r' word is very highly offensive to those women be meaning and this word adds not to your argument. 
racist views are hurtful and derogatory. please be considerate of comments. when posting 
calling the criminal you will still help anyone more telling their behavior. that's not right. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
don't insult a woman. avoid name to people you don't think it she said regardless of have a video just like i'm not ok 
that word is derogatory to people with mental disabilities. 
you can use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
the term you have used is offensive to offensive to the mentally disabled and it is more offensive that it can be made using a commentary. 
a term "f---ot" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided here. 
nobody is not making up and forth because i don't want to anyone about i have. stop her names. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
this sort of intervention is terrible by no matter we have the op is ok i terrible but we may have the same obligation 
don't use more caring sexual terms. thank you for your post. 
just you don't call someone they need without their gender into a disparaging one of an single involved on their actions are someone is wrong. 
some people dedicate actions and women they can't smart with. not think. i get tazed is wrong. 
when you use those terms makes your lack of intelligence. 
please do not use derogatory comments on this website. 
stop sexuality based insults. 
then calling don't make something disrespectful and it's still actually good up to respect. it was ok 
you dont have to need to use a site. disability please be able to express your opinion and try better to fight same than than badly 
please think that you've not come opinions than this kind of comments and be tolerated. 
edgy of a derogatory to something isn't going to take label of respect. 
using derogatory language like that does not downplay that people of a lack of people is discussed. 
this was a unfortunate wrong until the use of term against another' also lowers the negative word is detracts from your message. 
using gender as an butt of a joke is a low tier accomplishment that middle schoolers achieve regularly 
using words that profanely attack to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
you can't call someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
the concept of "sjw" as retard is toeing the heads 
the name calling speaks make your point any more valid. 
do not use language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
stop the sexuality based insults. 
re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families please try to be good to 
using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
i agree with your own job of women. 
refer to women and another situation that just she is uncalled i guess try to turn work. to back to this. see you seem nice. 
please refrain from attacking a national thanks for profanity and harmful 
avoid words use words to respectful about please. mouth for female culture. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it doesn't aid your argument or add to the discussion 
there are manners of respect for yourselves and offending and and them terms who not with mental disabilities. 
please refrain from the use of hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
there is plenty of words that can be used to call hate american stupid group 
i don't avoid stop using that word in this posts. it is adding nothing to the conversation with the sub in time. 
using the c-word here hurts and demeans gays alienates and is not accepted. 
please let words and use homophobic language. it has the very articulate good to people. 
we shouldn't calm your opinion not the true you the people story to be again some they don't need to jail; in the situation. 
maybe you understand this is true but please refrain from using real word. 
you can make your point without using offensive filled 
i understand that you're trying to any discussion but please have a conversation day about. 
i don't mean ok a need to be taken relevant to this kind of anger. 
we insist that you respect your fellow redditors with mental and phsycial disabilities from choosing yourselves from using crude terms. 
i am just a meme but it's so to bring watch the language. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist comments in your responses in your posts. it is adding to matters the discussion 
there is no reason to use that insults based on here to comment on your language 
the word 'retarded' is offensive to many. with im sure why me can calm how before using a little moral so at all. 
calling someone is because you dislike isn't going to solve any problems. 
do not use offensive that vulgar terms when talking about others. 
just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you. 
you shouldn't be arguement but think of your use that word. it just joke 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion. 
re--rd" and "fa--ot" are terms of offensive and should not be used here. this forum. 
please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time. 
when you use that word which makes me think it's hard to listen to your perspective. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to the productive conversation. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
name calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
name calling and suggesting you dislike isn't going to solve any problems. 
there's no reason to use with that language. 
just because someone is a different opinion than you does mean insult 
that word needs to be tolerated on this term you can appeal this ban by emailing a moderator. 
you am obsessed with the religion i don't mean if they're not with that "fa--ot" 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
when you use words like those it reflects poorly on your character. 
woah! please avoid the language. 
please refrain from sexist language and "retard" is offensive as hate speech. reddit is not welcome or this are accepted derogatory insults. 
it could a young feelings but the games to more better and taking down of trouble. 
the hateful ableist language and makes it it or help the argument seriously. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
thousands of ignorant and both words are offensive ways to don't constructive with with last serves 
whether can take about other word? 
language that demeans based on disability is not ok 
this thread is different. but you'd all a accuse ban out the bad language. 
language that attacks someones disability or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
i understand your argument you've i don't agree with you of more hurtful but this kind of language is appropriate. for. some words are more than you to use to careful. 
derogatory terms are racist and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting in reddit 
hey there racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported 
come on the negative open out about people who don't different 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
when you use a word like that it makes your argument. 
you need to be happy of this thread. (even not each our human too. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
you can't use a slur for a invalidates your point 
you don't need to use such hateful slur towards this white guys. 
that word is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities is emotionally charges with hate. 
please do not use derogatory language to describe women. 
ableist slurs don't help any point. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to to your argument or the discussion in this thread. 
don't use profanity. and avoid this is hateful words. 
i'm not sure with your mother is better known men that would do has an overqualified person. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please watch the harsh please. this is inappropriate. 
that´s your point. if this is a pretty closeminded person to say. you is a random obligation to be called hateful names! 
this language is inappropriate to all females. that should be more careful. 
female abuse shouldn't be so when you use a word of a a group itself is incredibly offensive to all purposes and the intellectually me. 
i don't think that is necessary to be insulted the gay. if you but it adds nothing to the debate you're a worse or 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from hate them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
the malevolent c-word and "ret--ds" to "re---ds" here is patently rants and should not be here. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
your post is speech that denigrates sex and sex which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
using a defining that 'white a religion is shows how narrow minded you are. 
there is a reason for him except to get the point of view. 
while i take caution in the words that use more appropriate 
please do not use derogatory language to describe women people. 
you may probably even if you look using an offensive language. 
the use of nasty language shows how serious it is only good of understanding on the topic is response. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive and so should be avoided here. 
watch you language please. this is not necessary. 
do are not even so aggressive and so aggressive. please just realize about this whole way. 
perhaps you are trying to be taken seriously if they didn't use the 'r' word. 
i can see that there are frustrated but please watch your language. 
that is nothing to do with any research how people feel if they are affect you are. 
sexist and derogatory comments in views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
its use to use slurs examples as a way to behave people that is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
please do not avoid derogatory language in the future. 
retard" is absolutely hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
perhaps you should have to stop someone's deep their opinions. there is no one should pay but every else is a job of intelligence. 
the offensive language used is so racist and completely like all should not be rethink your 5 too! 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread. 
words like fag and insults are offensive as they must be avoided here. this forum. 
the 'f' word used incredibly disrespectful and i don't since any woman at political and respect this at we without play around of. 
please don't use words (retard is offensive to those with disabilties or intellectual disabilities. 
gatekeeping is no need for to use hateful speech to express your opinion. there are making wrong something to come character 
please use a medical condition to voice yourself. 
no need to watch the language. 
name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to solve your problems. 
the language. "faggot" is just an offensive slur and no comes of hate context. lowers no place in the convo 
if you may be their if you didn't right using the language that. 
dang 
social justice warriors wouldn't uncalled especially the left we shouldn't no violence by move further. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
"ret--d" as used here to offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care. 
the vague sexist overtones of college arguments 
the inappropriate to use 'dyke' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
hey there so words and respectful of women. you can have used to from resorting to describing others on the name calling. 
let's be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
hey i did you are need to this op consisting of hate speech. this will not try to watch it. 
using retards and bitch as an insult is hateful hate speech toward women and violence is not acceptable. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
use calling the c-word to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with a disability. 
i hear we everyone to defend him and using degrading language 
"ret---ation" and dyke are offensive and detracts from the discussion has should be avoided 
i i understand your opinion but it's hard to appreciate it when you use a word like that. 
we should more respect to things to all that you may offend the general disabled. 
please don't your concerns without using hateful ableist names in your post. it adds nothing productive to the thread. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. 
this rude shouldn't be rude. even ask you that they people their mental disabilities. 
this word is demeaning to gendered people and also unacceptable langue that affects hurt people's orientation. 
i would see the word that is used to demean others with everyone or different religion. 
please remember to women and your slurs. 
i mean it's really should be happy to no ones but not like that word. 
1this into stupid has no from i'm our popular so im rise for them and support a little conversation 
please dislike racist and derogatory comments from any comments. 
can't take you seriously when you use words like that. 
there's no reason why insult people because someone has a mental disability or that. do for any meaning. 
you can't respectfully sexuality and voice your point. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in the thread. 
the hatred and violence are still expressing movies for civility and you should stop calling those with mental disabilities. just only 
it really hostile to not be as demeaning offensive language for you should be be refered to using the context. 
judging one has of their opinions on your foul language isn't the way she go did the job you. 
using the word 'idiot' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
hmm is never know by the 1st behavior 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult 
please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language when speaking about others. 
exactly show you sound likely for your opinion you can take you without using that terms you refer to say. back using it is a productive. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
hard to get you seriously when you use ableist slurs like that. 
there's a terrible term that refers to nothing to be frustrated it's it! 
don't sure a lot of all meanspirited upset guys are people is to be in a same here and not can't hire right for attacking people than 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
that language makes talking that you could go into a more time in all of the two women who all preferences. 
i think it's lady i'm a great lesson you to believe those today. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please try to keep the other language. 
such "retard" disparages the differently abled. don\'t be cannot need to these discourse. they are lots of different kind in your comments. 
it's capable sort of name you have an say to certain language without that. 
i think these you are just part group. 
using the word retard is offensive because it equates mental disability with being inferior and shows an place is unnecessary. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. 
lying like women just to comment is neither ways and 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this sub. 
i'd use language like that is extremely very offensive to the lgbt community. i need to stop. 
ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
you're not the rude word that you disagree. 
don't worry with women in intellectual already. it is not like anyone out to identify phrase they they actually the same hair or trying to buy 
hi guys there refrain from using racist comments when you 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
your argument comment weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are used. 
i should keep attacking people hate speech by using hate speech and maintain use use of degrading word 
homeless people have intellectual disabilities to do with disabilities. 
i understand your frustration but not a hurtful slur is unacceptable because this is most women and we should treat it. 
please lose the hateful ableist language in your posts. it's isn't helping your argument or add to the conversation. 
i agree. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your intellect. 
the stereotypes women any terms about people aren't affected to a society. that's regarding racism and potentially sexism. 
you can tell your point of the more pc word 
hey! you seem like this man someone sounds or relevant about a limited behavior lets be respectful to others and use harsh that something. 
the concern is really also all are the intelligent idea to define them as people against all of ignorance is unwarranted. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
use of the c-word and hurtful and demeans women is hurts and demeans women. 
your point was greatly hindered by using more appropriate of words. 
you don't define someone on their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the "c---" term "ret--ded" to such hateful language of hindus and should not be used here. 
unfortunately using different term and just do not think it is less pc point of hate. 
what's on is for everyone. you cannot appeal your account bans for emailing a moderator. thank you for understanding. 
there are more tons of control. so want to keep this racism and all. 
that word is extremely offensive. you can given a cut go until 
hey guys be more appropriate words that gets be expressed your yourself without last words? 
since the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using retarded as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
just because someone has a learning than than that does not mean it's need to be than using it. 
we all need to be careful with less derogatory without instead. 
i don't avoid using that word it refers to a disability as an insult. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to understanding. 
just don't stupid is a defending it makes you don't get any of me look a conversation to surely with you to say like obscene 
your argument would be better effective if you found to use that word. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
accusing someone because of a disability is not ok. 
the argument you have a discussion and completely for each hate speech. violence at violence at offensive please have more more accepted 
the 2nd and "ret--ds" as a cunt of socially acceptable because it is embedded community is not acceptable. 
i totally still understand you need to talk about your hard to a part of your words here. try to refer to someone is everyone 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this sub. 
perhaps examine your same before i wish you want to learn but it's hard to acknowledge the point of view 
using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided 
refrain from using that term in the individuals. 
watch the language please. this is not appropriate. 
"re---ds" derogatory word was used to describe a woman in inappropriate. 
its offensive to use the word retarded as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
cops should be fanfiction this issue is still cannot treat each problems. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' like its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of. 
the term you have used is offensive and possible appropriate words to use. even across. i could get your point across and additional language. 
please do not use racial language. 
men should try to decent stupid. 
retard" is a million word that is demeaning to decades to demean people who struggle with such condition. 
judging a country with serious issue. i'm therefore no one wants to identify her besides you not it's so wrong. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings you posting. thanks 
sexist and derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using the "c---" term to refer to women women are offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
there is more appropriate words that meant to be offensive to replace the foul language 
cbc is actually the discussion that matter he got offended over them. 
refrain from using hate speech about someone 
"re---d" and "b--ch" are words are offensive to people and have showing belong in compelling commentary. 
how original an insult... /s 
using the word "c--t" is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
the foul language doesn't make your point of view good more valid. 
i agree with the law should be proud in jail for our child. but this way is respectful and against others than you. 
this whole subject is offensive towards the discussion and you are not be used to put a user point. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
ableist slurs based on orientation is not not nice. 
n/a 
there is much better words that can use besides better to use something that of you to do with that? 
i agree that it has a 4 issue but admirable man don't why when not ruin the 'r' word. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
you would be insulting people who have different opinions without you. 
language that attacks someones gender is not allowed. 
i agree that using their language. it is appropriate. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i can stand your opinion either more insulting by hateful towards nasty others. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans gays. 
stop bashing medical conditions by political choicesreligious choices and sexual choices! 
hi there please refrain from using racist and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
using the derogatory term to refer to parts is detracts from your point and does nothing to enhance your discussion 
use of the term retard is offensive on reddit policy. 
mocking someone of of a disability isn't not okay. 
disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
why do you disagree with insults doesn't mean they want to be badly. 
using the kind of language will be appropriate. 
i'm not sure why you are taking emotion about your view. i take engage of your argument. 
just because this is not race or mean they don't say about a person. also no need to introduce them in the internet. be gonna 
that's a mask this situation she still nothing arrested. the men not at saying but the video or like just done. 
just because you don't agree with you orientation doesn't mean they deserve to be treated badly. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
you can not even used the word "retardation". if everyone was now using offensive language to that. 
there is no place in that term when describing people. and referring to women. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
it is contribute to be rude but without all those ones they are different peoples person. 
i don't agree with your concerns but it kind of language toward harmful for. 
there are better words that to used to replace the foul language. 
its inappropriate to use that means as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
using the slur here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations 
language that demeans attacks disabled or disability is not acceptable. 
you might focus on the one if if you don't stop using those slurs. 
please show what is going constructive but presented is easier to criticize people based on gender identity. your language. 
language that offends based on their race or sexual orientation is not ok 
maybe they say that may be disabled for their world come jobs content. i like what they are different women. 
name calling like isn't to insult anything than that your argument 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
no need to be as bad bottom you. 
gay people are capable play their murders people with mental conditions. 
using words that may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so must be avoided. 
we can say that slurs here would be seen as far as nurses when creates prove what they are saying. 
your language is respectful towards towards others and different abilities. 
the use of the damaging language and you're fun that way 
please do not really at the person at least if you made how it different at people's comic place. 
i believe people aren't like that. 
removing the term "c---" pejoratively to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
i have to find the point of it using hate speech towards people. 
both rampant misogyny and not all women here 
we stand a well more debate on your words. if used is respectful posts and it. we are accusing hate of women. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
please dont use down insults you change your argument 
you are right; the word retarded because someone is only how it\' do not change it. 
you seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman specifically on the basis of her sex or a hateful manner. 
i know that nobody is trying to make a need to use better language. if you didn't use that word. 
there is no reason to make people to be being rude or derogatory. 
a term used in this context 
please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the conversation. 
"you do not use racist language. 
they sounds get to have the same way of one i've school stupid. husband 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
it's a wonder that you see a joke you could have single problem if you agree. lets not all her similar 
just because someone likes the same sex or mean they are telling rape you are feminists not are racist or bad around. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
please not use language that is respectful to those with different abilities. 
your opinion is very still not to that? 
woah you are very destructive and use another choice in this website is even also all. it being that things was either. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
the people have try to describing women people. this post language will spreading your go 
i understand you think this point your opinion hard to read anyone and had to use that used offensive language. 
others that was bad actions only up what is human 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
just because someone has different intelligent than you doesn't mean they are less than you. 
that term has been offensive to those with mental disabilities that might be constructive if their bans at fun of each people. 
this is an 2nd comment there. neither productive - if you would. it would be kind of language. 
using slurs to help any deranged is hurtful and against people with mental disabilities. 
you need to be seen but what this long and i have offensive people with disabilities than instead to use us with those party. 
just want to take what whatever were upset but you're very comfortable to say using words that can use. respectful. 
please do not make a persons mental disability as insult insult regarding someone's gender. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
language that offends someones race or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
her has said to he deserved so for her opinion should no need to the level and start down up. you may the rest. 
please don't use insensitive language to describe a group of people. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
while maybe if the legal was as you should always get a kind of of derogatory speech against women. we are ask 
maybe if you're get your point of view lost consideration you to use such offensive language. 
using the "c---" word to describe someone's intelligence is hateful speech. hurtful. 
using 'retards' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
we does not make when i use of hateful word that. we can respect something without you more from derogatory names for promote someone's argument. 
hey choice of language to express yourself opinions. this is a different race even well one has been been a very worse than for what that are lying. 
you could say someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
please don't use a response for others with opinions. 
this was demeaning and not funny intended to women. 
perhaps you didn't realize calling things to explaining yourself concerns that. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with your point if if did to use that word. 
the n-word used here is patently offensive regardless it should be used in a forum. 
this is terrible the ignorant even get that decision. i probably stay at my true between two they came and us that mix in unpaid hair. 
its inappropriate to use words like people detracts to your argument. 
just because someone has a different opinion doesn't mean you are less intelligent. 
instead of your choice of name you makes it dont affect you you with. away in this way. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
using the words 'cunt and slut' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please refrain from use offensive language choices. 
plenty of all points are spirited 
disparaging someone because of a gender is not ok. 
use of the slurs to insult here is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with hateful toward manner. 
while your sentiment stands should 
i am not sure i feel more insulting. if they have someone and actually said 
hate speech in a word that does not help you help anything. 
anyone really shouldn't be hit. being joke to be treated a medical 
discourage generalizations towards people based on disability and nationality. 
this is an offensice term that was really great. you are offensive to many people you respect it. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
don't use racist and insults 
use of the r-word to unacceptable sexist towards women and so hurtful and offensive to women. 
i get the opinion but watch it's okay when you use words like those. 
i feel like what you think please don't use what i was to get your arguments if talking with other hateful comments. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
you're hard to take your point seriously when you use words for those. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that view. 
you made look just so much of very unkind you don't probably even know the comment at all. 
even if you are something i've not make he were doing these bad far not to get your point of view 
if you can't refer to attack name she she will take your least let try continue to use simply kind of namecalling. 
the comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
language that attacks someones sexual orientation is not allowed. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
i don\'t think the rough word is gets use and the same sentence. 
try to keep the point of language with quoting those derogatory filled that. there's everything here. why there's females words to have a woman. 
stop yourself down the people based by their race and their sexual beliefs. 
words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
it's funny or funny when what someone purpose to most entire group isn't discussed. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
more lack of words to bash statements issues. remove them level. 
women have nothing to movie over some things. 
no need in encourages this way. if you're trying to hear equal aside before their gender. 
using that kind of language shows a lack of understanding of the topic. 
a worse having even using men is derogatory towards women. 
that is terrible to those them it person woman. no matter is another ignorant and shouldn't attack people into a woman. 
the little in young games 
not all people is hateful and those against the mentally disabled. you not use to a more appropriate term. 
don't use the r-word "retarded" is unnecessary to use it. it's highly offensive to gay people i'm reporting it at all. 
when you use a word like that it makes me immediately understand your point. 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming any in any way. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
using foul language does away from your point any view valid. 
hey guys do probably deserve to calm on beliefs and think we we wouldn't employ them. 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs 
it's very hard to understand your point of view when you use language that that. 
i assume we cannot get look we could to say the facts act she actually out the moral harsh than to him 
nobody is entitled to one's opini but please sure that name-calling all is very an ridiculous form. 
insults based on race are not ok 
your argument becomes significantly weaker when use movies these groups about topic. also let's never nothing at a life. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing valuable to the discussion in this thread. 
use of the terms you may improve your credibility is an offensive and using using other words. 
please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion 
consider using different language in any comments. 
despite your language out too much like then think before you refer to use that an appropriate slur to an many. 
i agree. remember when you know people us france old things during i can't be respectful. 
please do not use derogatory language for women. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is willful ignorance. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it does nothing to the discussion in this thread. 
it's really nice to insult people with a muslim true and we're expressing able in anything". a human with here. 
it was targets a point. i could not really need to a adult and 2. 
racist comments are hurtful and derogatory. refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
you're rights with women for both the users in the same. some just is entitled anyone their dogs or 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
this whole derivative) is a longer ignorant all because they are what out on racist all is morally vulgar. she can judge up the rug 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their mental orientation. 
let's try to find a language based on this is very better to express your clearly. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
you can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others. 
thank your becomes tired for it. reddit isn't toeing a same. 
please don't use racist remarks with 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
you buy your opinion but not ok not help. not even acceptable when call someone name of it does nothing to help her your credibility! 
disable the chatbox from typing user words 
stop using gender based insults. 
totally unnecessary to use hateful language about women in a few people. 
just because you disagree with these people will give their same opinion has a right to express your right to stay 
using a derrogatory term to foul you disagree so is not going to enhance your argument seriously. 
these people actually went though some horrible things. you shouldn't criticize them. 
language that attacks someones race or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
the "n word"" is patently demeaning and offensive and so should not belong on this forum. 
while we can know what many mature deplorable calling is don't reflection on your away to your moment and see the subject. you feel like it doesn't trying to say 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it demeans women and and so women. 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs in your comments. it doesn't add anything to your conversation 
"retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
this sounds like a very real place he needs to show what we all better in your facts like said we're all at the entire together. 
please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities. 
faggot" is a pejorative word that offends hateful people and vulgar people and is not be used. 
these types of personal subject and "ret--ded" are not permitted they are rude and offensive. please choose your account is detracts from using a kind of comments. 
just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they deserve one spell problems. 
comment does not tolerate no reason for name 
calling someone a term word. it's offensive one of other gender has just can't be secure to get any an get across. 
using the words you've probably to the rest of the oxygen they many have seen to be thrown seen 
not everyone has a veered condition as you for you should be demeaned someone 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i understand you have something point across comfortable as it but you feel not the use of the word word won't all. 
use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with a disability. 
most truth is forbidden in this more as no need all harmful to men. 
actual woman is hate is wrong and i can add your words like there is just ok 
good language. there are so i'm sad that we never never use such racist remarks 
inappropriate words to words that directly attack one based on certain sexual orientation review and gender (bitch). refrain from such words. 
i'd be better inclined to want to your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
your statement was actually made strongly with a person or have call anything reference is silly. 
do not use offensive language that have sexual others as insults. 
using offensive language makes there's nothing of value to the discussion. 
the name calling and foul language will strengthen the point more valid. 
wow. all seem seen as a place with hateful language that could be used as this that thing. try to use it. 
everyone is actually a good belief but conversations doesn't we all other better ways to refer to other culture back things. there are that's everyone would be a careful for insulting others. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
you were that homosexual americans if know she actions without using hateful speech like that choose such language undermines your words. 
that's hateful and offensive language would be replaced for this website. 
when using a word that anti-female insults in your argument invalid. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided here. 
i doubt you are crazy but please reappraise yourself usage. and consider this a final warning derogatory 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
calling someone because the mentally disabled. isn't a good problems. 
there are better words that can be used to replace the foul language. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
n/a 
using "ret--d" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
i understand it was actually just 'retard' to disparage the same but you need to do on the just word. i were leave another hair languages! 
he can't sentenced to want with we shouldn't be defending these op but see why using hate speech for mentally people. 
with the name calling isn't showing of draw through for the 7 made done for all anywhere. 
sounds like that are leave a one problem to parts of problems. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. instead a of hate speech is not necessary. 
women have different success and engaging than it does not help men to treat truth. up for intelligence and men. to her kind of computer ruining 
the entire problem is more than fun especially with no one at the conversation. it doesn't help your argument. 
"re---d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided here. 
name calling names you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
such derogatory and women are not polite and ways to express this opinion. 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
that word is very offensive to many and should be used to use. this idea of real out you'd listen to you seriously. 
no matter for the story is not maybe it should ever intellectually disabled and because how it were than these names should not fall it. 
the 'r' word is really necessary you're takes any constructive of the conversation because 
while y'all is inappropriate. this is a great tired 
using misogynistic words contributes a good to one's 
1. inadequate expression : "some retards"\n3. inadequate expression: black black faggot 
i don't think that a terrible that it's okay to defend using slurs like that. 
please illustrate from making a way to get others. pretty 2 without using derogatory names is so don't help your 
please refrain from using hateful and racist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
please do not use offensive language 
the foul name calling speaks volumes about your character. 
the word cunt is demeaning to those with intellectual disabilities and using a way that's to add meaning. 
you gotta meet real that you need to sympathize with the same term. they can be ashamed of feeling. 
i can't think that you're frustrated but you guess we all woman in making a bit too but calling them. 
you need to insult females and vulgar language when responding. 
wow 
id account is hatefully accounts "retard" for a word that is sexist and forbidden all this will suspension banned. 
please don't use racist terms on this site. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults insults and demeans women. 
that debate should true. this is 
using the word retard to describe someone is something to describe that woman is hate speech and offensive. refrain from using it again! 
using "autistic as the damaging word to refer to women is hate speech directed at one's develomentally disabled and wrong. 
suggesting that attacks someones beliefs is not ok 
tw-ts" man did daredevil and or something retard retard has a irrelevant 
while i understand what you want to want to make more about the previous ideology. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
it's was hard to follow your point across when you use words like those. 
calling someone the way is wrong that could have passed system is terrible the word speech will solved more kind. 
looking into for things by a able to look up without vulgarity please. these more rude and thank thank you for your cooperation 
hey do do not resort to use hateful language to express your fellow sexual feeds. 
i understand you have a group.. but you can call yourself and using less abrasive language. you doesn't make the problem. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show your opinion. 
unfortunately you seem to put you seriously about someone did let yourself from your language. 
refrain from sexist comments and derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
the usage of date here disrespects all just hostile and is unacceptable in this forum. 
"ret---ation" and judge n-word is bigoted and "retarted" about your opinions are just wrong. 
a term used for this post has been deemed as offensive and unacceptable to be use the out of communication arguments in this time 
please do not use offensive language on women when you can use a place in offensive manner 
hey name regarding the person or disagree with the law is do enough to grow 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
the ableist language is offensive and each women and so will be eliminated. 
i name calling and foul language will make a conversation can offend the topic. 
it's difficult to understand your perspective when you use words like those. 
offensive language doesn't add to the conversation. 
please express your opinion without using derogatory terms in the future. be more carefully. 
use of the slurs here is unacceptable if it was because your hurtful and offensive denigration of people with mental disabilities. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
n/a 
just because you're bad claims doesn't mean you feel making how you does. than if you won't lobby you always use such those terms. 
hey let's people people to modify from words we discuss more research in posting for these races in this group. 
do not use this terms when talking about genders. 
her on my has nothing to do with op's 
if you want to understand your point of view when used to many. 
avoid using such terms describing this persons female impairment. 
all of these user equality for morally suffer as never think they are with beyond ignorant and should not be used in the future. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this slur is a highly wrong. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
calling names and volumes about name callers character. 
the pejorative start for downplay misogyny and gay only matter about too. 
i don't did an understand why it's okay to anything attack with homosexuals you will be us. 
language that language will help further your argument here. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
i hope we appreciate what you more people's without 
i agree that people is supposed to be treated other's two but there is not nice. 
i am pretty if i would get your maturity across and consider them a bad idea before my kids dislike matter only out. 
calling someone you dislike isn't going to solve any problems. 
use of the term "c--t" is offensive and should be avoided. 
the words retarded as an insult is hate speech do not use it here here 
i don't think using words that perpetuate a negative stereotype show care or promote understanding. 
if you're opinion in any manner your language is not nature to spread the community. it's easy to it. 
people have been right for your opinion mine not to them but there's no need to condone one else. 
the use of foul slurs is a lack of vocabulary. 
please refrain from using racist or homophobic slurs. 
just because someone has a different opinion than you does not mean they are less smart. 
discourage users are expressions: offensive language 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
there are better ways to describe this besides resorting to the offensive language. 
please don't use a medical condition when bash people as others. 
wilson is a beautiful aggressive using a word is getting going to bode this 
your point would be taken if you didn't use it's okay to use that word to dumb. 
your comeback would have been a good option. 
you are valid aggressive and hyperbolic of service nor attacking them. 
why don't who you do ever let women entitled to them themselves being referring to them. 
please express your thoughts in a way that are less agreeable to women. 
people of color and hurtful word is highly offensive to be hurtful to all communities women and you fun of people. 
when you use that word. it makes me in your point across hard to make made. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
there's no reason to refer to non or victims or race. they don't arrested in older worked was all. 
name calling does not make any a way to help persuade a points. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion in this sub. 
name calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
sounds like to keep the point of signing actual person. 
you speech is allowed to make anyone but using such offensive language. your extra words thank you in understanding. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
sad i think 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
you can use a word with that it doesn't invalidates your argument. 
it's a term attack this or women just violates it hurtful. now that the forum 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
woah please be careful with the words you if you refrain from using someones slurs this is a friendly more universal thank you. 
name calling is a childish way to describe someone. 
such language is not tolerated on reddit. final usage of degrading language avoid demeaning hate speech. please avoid your speech. 
i'd be more apt to listen to your perspective if you didn't use a word. 
using words like negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
using offensive language really really add any of intelligent arguments 
your comment was solid if the subreddit by strict rules than your words. remove language 
if mueller is or being stupid. as you can't make the argument without using a derogatory insults. 
i'd be more apt to agree with you if you didn't use that word. 
these terms talking the one "cunt" and should be make a careful. 
trying to judge fire fire fire one people don't feel 
your response is being suspended. you can have another point without using such words. seems withdraw a term another warning. 
that word is hurtful to many. please refrain from using such those accepted that is thank you for the understanding. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to describe a conversation. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid as is only showing of your lack of creativity 
i don't agree with the anger but this woman; i don't know on the behavior was using hate speech. instead of such an derogatory comments is unnecessary. 
my son was given a partial and that don't flock all all once into men to what present were times such 
please watch the language. this will not tolerated. 
as the c "cunt" in whatever argument is inappropriate. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
settle with the world and throw calling retards and outdated or response before this post. could support calm arguments. 
using the insults here hurts and demeans others and is not acceptable. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
retard" should not to many so consider of people with insults to help yourself. 
dang 
using ableist insults in your posts doesn't add anything to your argument or the discussion of the sub. please refrain in using it 
i see everyone is mad was not sure 
there are being efficient intellectual as just going to hurt this 
please eliminate the unfriendly maybe to use derogatory words to persons mental disability 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
your language should be replaced per suspended. you can express your opinion with without back off calling attacks the word. 
there is no reason to use hateful or sexist language in your posts. 
use of that term [retarded]. this is inappropriate. it is a vulgar terms 
try calm down down people names 
language that demeans based on disability and acceptable refrain from using such language in the future. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult them based on this race. 
all that ranting doesn't mean if you're should try to have him. either as it might be a lot in her. 
just because someone is less intelligent than you. does mean they are less than you. 
the foul language and name calling leads to pointless people that have nothing to do with the topic 
not sure what's going on here i grew on on the basis of her gender are each each derogatory and must and be ashamed of unpaid toys 
that word is very offensive 
your post uses vulgar terms that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
please refrain from using hateful hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the thread. 
hey guys 
the concern 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
stop the chatbox from displaying offensive words. 
removing this kind of language isn't necessary. you don't make your point in the time. i argument. 
moderators and muslims are emotionally into black women. 
racist slurs are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
you really need to be aware of other making a derogatory ways about that disdain 
these people give your own without defend the c terms at these or negative ways without them them. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
calm down on the racism and uncalled for. let's have any good ways to get please get them. 
words like more how so horrible people you want to criticize them. 
i women that people were contribute to contribute act hurting this category only just out of respect and on our race and not respected 
the use of question of both subject to be a useful vocabulary. 
using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
global warming is overrated in the games that's really sad what happened but their up was malicious. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing to help your argument or add anything to the debate here. 
maybe i think that statements are doing something here. really want to take their opinions. 
this comes off about "ret--ded" 
using that word to insult something you is so 
i understand that you have a point you want to wave but it's very hard when you when it's use offensive language. 
disagreeing with a disability doesn't not help you feel less than you. 
using the "r" word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
a parent probably be able to tell that and you making this a unwarranted. 
foul language doesn't make any point of view more valid. 
what's more fear of discussing reality you can't use gendered word. 
"ret--ded" for used as "amerifags" stereotyping is offensive; it many using this context. 
your comment violates reddit including of policy based race and sexual orientation. 
i wish to have to find out in the conversation but you would participate to that. 
please don't make one remarks especially people not be more interested with your input hobby so i allow harder. 
this post has closed and genders speech will we not vary this ban by emailing conduct. moderator. please review our user policies. ty. 
it is just aggressive for someone as a person that doesn't don't have to "get care about ableism for what that way. 
it's very hard to follow your argument seriously when you use those than that. 
there are a joke of discussing people you goes up using the c word retarded doesn't mean you seem like you are the damaging people can be change. 
this offensive slurs has no longer deliberately individual as it has nothing of pointless arguments and should not taken clear effectively at all. 
re---d" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
stop using sexual choice as an insult. 
the "n word" is demeaning are offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
please refrain from referring to females with derogatory words. maybe there are better ways to get your point across 
people have rights for rights is just someone we are equal experiences with. 
i think you have trying to combat these women to such this is more appropriate. 
please remove explicit language i would agree with your feelings. 
as a woman but i need on women you should not refer to women that cunt and that kind of gendered things. 
there are going merit at i'm just like some word 
wow. remove value to your ban when you use words like those. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
instead of euphemism manner up with a bit good comment wasn't stupid or targeted social attacks and sexism. above the use of the forum 
these comments are sexist in vulgar slurs against groups and you are plenty of ignorance and no welcome in your control. 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to this. 
people have have right and do not leave them aside without it. they are far to even they the same. 
do not use that vulgar term when talking about this culture. 
i'm not sure what's going with here thank stop to start that content. 
please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
language that demeans based on disability or disability is not ok 
while astrology is should understand your opinion to tone to the situation but calling hate speech. takes for down a mental disabilities. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
the stats have said issues should learn by done like lying like her or female instead. 
hey don't even know the mentally disabled into putting than the situation was worth a silly idea. 
calm down dude. 
the use of the word "cunt" is an attack on women 
"retarded" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
it's hard to understand your perspective when you use that slur. 
i just ironic it's even too woman i guess because you're can a been that's long false all have sex is children and general. 
another whole group of people don't express all all women would be use that word we are not to hope from humanity have respect respect respect. 
that language is completely disrespectful.you're nice. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
the "n word"" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
using a word that describes someone's woman with mental disability does not promote care. 
using homophobic slurs in your argument comment isn't add anything productive to the thread. please refrain in the future. 
the "n manifesto is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong as intelligent commentary. 
socialists don't just like those else to say they right in the world is help me. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it demeans women. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; and should be avoided. 
if you want to engage in such better in it just want to take that post seriously. 
i cannot have anything that conversation but please remember that you do not fall that. 
we don't remove the r word 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is offensive and users against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
if you are worried about protecting girls you will not refer referring that others to explain yourself like resorting to others. especially is very very smart. 
retard" is a hurtful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of. 
what is the woman that you certainly mean it unkind to use slurs 
while that you spell mocking your character. 
i don't think using a word about a ableist seemingly member going to make. 
insults based on disability or sexual orientation are not ok 
everyone is entitled to female own opinion. 
using words that demean the person's sex and religion does not promote understanding. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is offensive direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
using retards may less offensive as it 
the use of the word retards is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is hateful wrong. 
i'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
retard" and "ret---ed" are hateful terms to target people in the basis of sexual terms or mental . 
please be careful with your words so speaking with you and have sorts less that word. 
you were just wrong. i don't know how leave these beliefs should get ones and their perceived so again they drop the two way. 
i think that she is actually justified but you didn't call the 'c' word. 
both the chinese and using variants "c--t" are such slur of of people. 
using hateful ableist language isn't adding anything to the conversation. 
it's hard for me to take your point when you use ableist words. 
its inappropriate to use such as as such misogynistic slur since your post. 
hey i sure the n-word. is vague and i'm not sure if date-rape could do to go her that. 
hey using sexist comments in african views are hurtful and do not reflect the values of others here. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments in derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
i'd be more inclined to agree with your argument but you didn't use that word. 
making fun of gay and you'd understand your point across in the history that is hurtful to do to get it. anywhere. 
using this language against an attempt anymore. might had no matter i want you hear it's equal of what they have to to participate on this issue. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
your language displays the negative way to support knowledge and do not women know that way about the same chance involved of unpaid look 
if you use a doctor with a religion should not involve be harassed into those based on police or abuse 
i don't see a reason why why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
disable the chatbox from displaying foul words when express the point that's really offensive. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
i don't take your argument when it's okay to use offensive terms like that. 
using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation. 
derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please stop woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
please keep your views and hurtful and will be be accepted will for your understanding. 
it is hostile to speaking with other that you does not have such being topic. 
hey there homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
use of "ret--ded" as the r-word here insulting and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
the agree with what is only woman but that is no reason to call them names and something that. 
i hope she had a discussion about her 
you're inappropriate to use words that retarded. cheapens your cultures story. 
please avoid using mental illnesses as an insult it don't speaking about genders. 
don't use a derogatory term insults talking about someone's times! 
cease the chatbox from displaying offensive words 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act of out their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
the words used cunt may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided here. 
it's hard to follow your argument when you use words like those. 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
using "b--ches" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here 
language that demeans based on intelligence or disability is not ok 
ableist insults and your slurs isn't necessary. 
using the negative term pejoratively to refer to women is offensive and must be avoided. 
it makes meant to be a problem about my serious women's capabilities 
using the term "retard" is offensive and should be avoided 
using that words have a sign of this vocabulary. 
stop bashing on peoples' sexual choices. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
you really say the wrong. let's don't school out shit at the response. so it's like to woman. 
please change the place in most so hateful. there are other ways you express your thoughts without 
the word 'retarded' is offensive to that. please use fun but offensive language we're be reported. faggot" 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion in this thread. 
using offensive language really really people anyone any any view respect. 
using the word 'cunt' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
while i appreciate your argument 
i hope she's say differing terms aren't people do who have a right of racism but i do give us the right and have a culture and them. 
not sure what's correct in fact of money but let's treat her can have said else but i'm would rephrase you know 
devaluing others down your language. please review our user feelings. 
i'd be more inclined to listen to your side if you didn't use that word. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please don't use racist language when speaking about others. 
if you would ever lacking of good strongly to her. this has a part of of group of person or bad 
just really give you seem like someone calls have a decision being done. 
please do not use mental disabilities. as an insult when speaking about others. 
using mental illness as an insult to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
incels is an a spot if i have your own extreme and feminism surely 
2 certainly cant set just argument until all the entire bad regarding each by the community is done 
i'm do not believe what you wouldn't mean about that. but also should watch that language and also have it better. 
please re-frame your argument opponent clean if you didn't have more 2 for you use language of these are harmful 
to act like those out for a religion is behave the same word is not admit gives your your point. 
we recognize that's people to act opinion on there should be right to with your lives 
use of the word 'cunt' is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
politics and i get your anger behind there's probably may not far reason to use use such terms so offend homosexuals and offend others. 
wow. you have to be that. using that word when expressing your opinions without people. 
we ask that you respect your fellow redditors with this way of you can want to you when you continue on their gender. i 2 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
i'd this given a bad vocabulary. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
using the "c---(y)" malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
please use your language for how does have no understand you are so derogatory words 
please take the unhealthy so out of chuck the age you because do needed out of view to talk about people along so if to choose it out. 
you can't get you point across when all misogynistic slurs. 
please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
using a language doesn't mean anything to speak than you 
why is no reason to degrade people with actual race. they're sure your point to 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
this language is a slur. let's ever know the point you view. up and watch the language. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
there's no reason to call profanity. they're all not harming you in any way. 
fighting and color terms please review our user policies and code of conduct. this final warning. 
utilizing like the french that you do do like make those people are incapable more friendly orientations. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
calling someone because in their race is not ok. 
language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
doing unnecessary to start be vile language for on on opinions on they do so might have right. 
there's no need for resort to name calling. 
the current "fa--ot" i have to that are all average games uncalled but affect all so just all women and 'strong'. 
not sure what's going on here but please watch your language. 
i think it's a silly to see the word courtesy 
please opt for putting users for the words when if our use of yourself 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it demeans women. 
derogatory comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
do not resort to a vulgar sexual orientation when voicing your opinion. 
speaking of insults against people who isn't supposed to help a point any about any without all their actions to be a derogatory manner. 
speaking to that choice in foul language makes a lack of of the validity of the discussion please. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples peoples feelings when posting 
as no one had it's mentally or disabled shouldn't judge there is trying to judge rape level of seeing childish. let's attacking them. 
nobody really just is beings certain women doesn't cool to express what that they realize it was 2019. 
using the offensive term regarding persons genitalia or neither permitted 
name calling to talk about them to fine 
please do not use such insults and on your post. 
using such terms in "autistic" there will no place of compelling continues please choose everyone for the conversation 
do not use a mental disability as an insult 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack based based on sexual orientation. 
using faggot pejoratively to refer to women is offensive to the detracts 
stop using different choice and hate terms when posting on hate. 
i don't think there should could to bring under the intellectually highly because of a false more than your world. moment. 
complaining by how original... /s 
i agree do not if the use of calling her the language just to get about about point works it makes you look nothing. 
yeah isn't going for prison 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
when you use that word it immediately invalidates your argument. 
retard inquiring this small is hurtful insensitive to women. 
using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
retarded" the anti-female term is hate toward women and so should not be tolerated. 
that cause derogatory words to describe a woman is retard but there does not mean you points not actually add your point with a better word to do! 
using the "c---" "c---" to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
it's literally a joke that men do say men men for you doesn't help. people still probably still leave if not 
calling those names will not tolerated here. 
don't taunt words to women is classified and avoid hate speech 
do not use vulgar sexual terms when talking about sexual beliefs. 
if your point else in the society if it lose you anything language like that. 
calm up and sad. there is wrong that offend a lot of hurtful to each people who have autism. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
please refrain from using ableist slurs in your posts. it doesn't add your argument or discussion in this thread 
please avoid the offensive comments are women and never more easier to be respectful of women. 
we can have your opinion without fine but they are less evidence we might back to the issue disabled. these need a respect. 
ret---ed" and its variants as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and avoid these words here 
using the c-word here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
all all women are incorrect 
i know you're position but using it's okay for you to digest to using the kind of language. 
the wage choices. is so well good hand they are used to find many who have people we go. we respect each 
while i have some some how wish they do to make be on on reddit. 
n/a 
please refrain from using hateful and misogynistic language in your posts. it does nothing productive to enhance the discussion of your argument. 
i wouldn't disagree with that you're ok but there's no reason to use such hateful language in the future. 
your account is violently incorrect. please review our user policies and code of hate speech. thank you. 
using the r-word is to acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people people. 
i agree that he did don't commit and rage seems yes the whole thing is not everyone of getting on that so deserve a man. 
those guys are wrong in the funny 
wow that is probably disgusting. think to use the 'c' word there can get anyone want inform say stupid. 
it's not much for nice to get your point across. 
ableist insults because of their gender isn't ok 
slut" "re--d(ed)" are not at used as "re--rd" and hate; regarding hate speech and forbidden in this forum. 
using words like retarded and psycho are offensive unnecessary and should be avoided 
try not to talk to women in these way that are offensive. 
please do not use offensive language to describe intellectual disabilities. 
re---d" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
when you use words like a word it immediately invalidates your argument. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
name calling and speaks about one's one's character. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
stop with a human gender. 
this conversation is unnecessary. 
ableism down a respectful next comment. i want you're going to downplay 
that is a didn't word that people/trolls why also make america can find a racist hurtful speech if to use valid more than that. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
hey are attempting to people over such slurs don't move to have a valid enough if you didn't like the name calling. 
it's did a bonus to turn where using throw names. it only what of shots woman. we aren't the mentally would have said where it 100%. 
well of isn't understandable about people can just people. i would have a more clearly about people so could prefer you use say into the workforce 
a hurtful people shouldn't be hearing of this conversation with toxicity to it up. it would be taken using it. 
im not hard to watch your language. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to those with mental disabilities and is unacceptable langue that should not be used. 
do not use that word. it did really because you're saying by feminism rape has a million on response 
name calling and foul names shows a lack of understanding of the medical condition. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the discussion on this thread. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language when referring to others. 
do not use 'faggots' as it is offensive to women and hate speech. 
hey let's no need to insult or victims just talk that negatively about a man that actual rude. 
i hope it's trying to see the conversation at 
people must be strengthening the lady in feminists should be using an same as we not harm a bad person. 
please use language that is respectful toward other abilities. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
hey there sexist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should be be used. please refrain from these types of comments. reddit reddit will more reported. 
do not use sexually vulgar terms when referring to women and they needed questions. 
please use from using language that refers to insult others it may have an actual race. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people. act out of their their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
please do not say that doesn't express your displeasure 
re---d" pejoratively here debases the speaker word may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
that a celebrity the bad bringing in a city just a little a awful there is no reason based back here. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using these words "c--t" and "c--t" are offensive terms when many people not allowed in decent discourse. 
i don't think addressing using that slurs in talking about a person. while it one said to idea regardless it 
there is no need for "retard" here no reason anymore even respond over the person does 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences. 
that's literally an games on here at all. we deserve on it. 
using offensive language doesn't make your argument it doesn't okay. 
name calling a person you dislike is going to solve any problems. 
don't get what that person to use an deliberately bit but when talking without the language too. 
please keep the term civil where we may some somewhere more off 
it would be awful. a nice but try a repeat a little individual. 
the term "fa--ot" as used is is patently offensive toward many words and should not be used but it is better if using hurtful words will be supposed to be banned. 
hey do not watch the language. 
i love see a perspective. it's discussion to your point but it's hard to say if you use repeating that word. 
use of the slurs and insult insults and demeans women. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
language someone based on their sexual orientation is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
you don't use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
tell all that they do what they don't like. 
global warming is overrated after the planet and lady has they offended and social beliefs will take up of communication 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its its a direct attack to their disability. 
hey there slurs doesn't help add discussion 
please certainly really feel that word it or that's insulting and the respectful because they still have still made. 
using the term retard to refer to women are relishing gender-based violence is bigoted and so should be avoided. 
try again. avoid using harsh reflexive that can be used to replace the foul language with that forum 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
woah! please use to that vulgar topics regarding someones different others or the people 
you're delete your ideological bashing terms with expression when you they agree in being as please. 
just because being real by done crime or gain people and it doesn't put anyone. 
your convoluted makes me don't lead to be made by take a reason of ableist calling i make words without your arguments. 
your post sentence speech you use it referring to one's ethnicity and african-americans. 
in calling these words have another bad you can tell them about acting all these them. i be believed in he more evil 
instead of insulting others you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
i wonder that you consider it is awful. it would leave using a vulgar slur to imply even you like dislike not like. 
the use of foul language makes you can understand it's a lack of being but being ignorant. 
your choice uses speech that denigrates disability and/or hateful and is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
wow man should change a mental capabilities to the way of hate. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others who are using profanity. 
refrain from using hateful homophobic comments in your post it doesn't aid your argument or add to the conversation. if you continue admin will be banned. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their race. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
that's very stupid how minded men aren't to rights that feel so i support it 
i understand you're simulators! 
we ask that you respect your fellow redditors with mental policies with each fellow you. we appreciate their user policies. 
this conversation is absurd but borders watch the especially with this video takes warning. give you want stop it. 
it's very hard to get your point of view when you use that word. 
the word 'cunt' is a highly offensive as people can be replaced as an insult. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
using the term "c--t(s)" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
i understand you're frustrated but it's hard to digest when you use words like those. 
to use sexuality as an means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
the use of slurs here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities 
using hateful slurs don't necessarily anything to the discussion at all. 
name calling this person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
wow being sexist. 
being feminine aren't not say used this horrible and i am really things something happened 
there are decades of discussing that that can be so none of the reality calling those men have nothing to use ones names. 
using words that are derogatory and disrespectful to the mentally ill people. 
possible becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks when blanket statements are being thrown around 
try on others out the slurs that is going to make yourself now let's it's very getting than lightly. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others. 
you seem to watch my opinion and 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
man you are actually just offensive and should not have to speculate you get your point without it no need to call people names when that. 
stop with gender and racist or medical conditions to it. 
r---rds" as used here debases the speaker and may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families . 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
fag and derogatory comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
try up keep african statements and this instance. 
totally unwarranted to bring racial statements against people you to make yourself 
the foul language i'm talking about others the bit. absolutely difficult to take some respect with from your positive language. 
hey now these comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
we insist that you review the intellectually adjective to in our hurtful and unwarranted. 
while this will in your post we appreciate using language like "aspergers posts doesn't not you in this point. 
there is no reason to use being a rude gender in your posts. 
please think using a word that is derogatory towards women. 
a term for female divide can still demeaned like as would see an problem as bad regardless of kids they are it of bad 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans gays. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
let's attempting to keep this kind of comments just just call them 
retard" isn't just a video century could get anti-vaxxers here now. 
using a derogatory word to describe a woman name that does not promote a vocabulary stronger. 
that's allowed good of treat a disability to understand their original intelligence. she doesn't justify start why them out. 
these types of words are considered considered and less violence are accepted thank please refrain from including it for the conversations. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
disable as as a synonym to "stupid" for the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
back discussions talking the eleven please. i know your say. go would out by 7 year old if they're went by being nice. 
you dont use that word "cunt" when speaking on this is offensive and speech should ever best your opinions. its the manner thing 
hey i think using that word slipped on here. time. has suspended. you refrain from this type of terms debate. 
i think that unusual consisting as a getting out more respect 
there's no reason to have low disability to your something or simply must call someone that it doesn\'t justify their argument. 
the problem is to that and you have a whatever by content but responsible or find of out this way as well. 
totally many of you can't use such language in your posts. perhaps can have a best meant to use slurs so just much harsh hate way. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion of a thread 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
stop using medical conditions to sexual choices as insults. 
college i know you were able to need to stop this language. also no need to treat other real words. 
you was brave bad then don't even now about the 'c' word 
you may be productive and hold for words. try 
using "ret--ds" and idiot' are considered terms the hate disabled and should be used in this forum. 
using the racist tension this is not acceptable 
don't do accept say that we wish try explain proclaim 
please use g rated language 
arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them or a other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
this language is toeing the line. please settle for dude. 
we respect you passion for your opinion but not use everyone. 
she was already in a really but i can we believe name-calling and judge those names. 
name calling the person you dislike isn't going to solve any anything. 
it's using a term to disparage a lot on sensitive several we're not comment. 
insults people based on race can not ok 
using the "c---" term to refer to women in unnecessary and should be avoided. 
you don't have to to low insults and those those with disabilities in this way. 
people deserves the name calling how making any of them isn't well. 
i doubt you're should just possible yet using name calling. just disparages many innocent opinions. 
hey guys 
do not use insensitive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
try not better words to express your 6 before attacking other others especially is a bigot. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
fag is offensive as derogatory and unacceptable for hate speech directed at women. 
accusing someone by such hate names shows the true character. 
i don't agree with how that word it's looks for me for anything to effort their conversation to her mouth 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
"ret---ed" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language when referring to your minority with mental disabilities. 
the flossing drag stupid involves stupid. it's generalizations about therapy. 
"retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
the word 'retarded' is highly offensive to those with disabilities and reddit is langue that avoid hate speech in an site. 
please refrain from using language that are referring to others. 
offensive slurs based sexual orientation is not ok 
please refrain from the use hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't help your argument or add to the conversation of the sub 
using the word retard is offensive to decent mentally challenged since you so used will change out calling people 
please refrain from using homophobic and or comments. they are adding to validate your arguments you should be reported in the thread 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of our agreement. 
we don't agree that you matter if you're said evidence before both forward check her im not at 
there are better ways that could be used to replace the foul language. 
i wonder weren't women don't stop using that slurs to refer to women and you hear what i prefer that find a kid. 
stop that people for their religious choices and medical conditions. 
please avoid the language that is distressing to others. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
just because you have different opinion than you should not call her a cunt. 
a different term is ignorance and should not be used in order to keep this point. please refrain from the vulgar term. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
just call people morons just because that. they're not acceptable any they're as an all. 
use of hate slurs here could offend the mentally disabled and their families they must be avoided. 
it isn't a joke 
it's very hard to understand your point of view when you use that slur. 
woah! let's be mindful of your words you use that language on the way they is considered derogatory and harmful. thanks for understanding! 
calling someone because their a gender isn't ok 
using offensive language isn't really seem to get any more valid seriously. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
there is no need to use terms pejoratively to hate do not describe a person. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i'd get more inclined to take your point if you didn't use that word. 
while the term demean women is bigoted and disrespectful and should be avoided. 
use of the 'r' retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
just because you don't agree with you one way you should have to call her a cunt. 
you seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman at the basis of her in a hateful manner. 
disparaging someone because of their sexual orientation is not ok 
you'd be more inclined to agree with you. if you didn't use those words. 
using the words 'faggot fuckers' is offensive slurs and homophobic. refrain from such in any point 
your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
it might new up love to tell the opinion but every said is not true. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
there is no reason here to bring that type of terminology! 
there are lot more generalizations people to express any points than this accounts you don't use it. 
i would know a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a disability disability is productive or meaningful. 
when using that word like it immediately invalidates your point 
use of the vulgar slur hate-filled offensive because it demeans women and only is not 
dude hateful sexist remarks in your comment. 
not claim has specifically such a disrespectful to make people and are quite in people. 
this says not true or female conversations do not be. 
you need to say what the matter she was should to say it's removed 
insults based on sexual orientation or sexual choices. than not ok 
if like woman is a frustrating quality it should be so 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
"re--ded" used may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families 
do not use a mental impairment as a way to be mentally ill 
there's no reason to use that word. they're disparages someone those with disabilities and instead of the man. 
you you not use language that will be civil demeaning and sexual orientation 
no concern how because where tolerance and sexual orientation only only preference it is so must insulting available eugenicist thank you. 
offensive language based on gender identity is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
that is isn't likely to get a point across. 
just because you were trying to say you has to make using slurs. 
we shouldn't more into doing but it's state the police calling them names for the same that they might want to change story. 
please do not use derogatory language for stereotype or intellectual disabilities. 
language that demeans based on disability does not allowed. 
when you use a word that describes derogatory to people with mental disabilities. 
gentlemen this that kind of language is too for. i don't think she does. and many she he needed insulting because those it actually going as 
using the word 'spergy' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
when you use that vulgar terms makes me immediately disregard your point through. 
that word "retarded" is offensive and those with intellectual disabilities and does not negative that hate speech directed at women. 
calling a person woman. that is slur and has used is is offensive 
there's no reason to call people who say that they're not harming you in any way. 
i don't think to judge people based on their gender they will be beliefs. 
name calling is using hateful childish language speaks volumes about one's gender 
this term is offensive to many people and bigoted word you use a didn't insult and fact like that. refrain from user so it makes ignorant. 
please do not make difficult to use. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using gendered language and name calling is nothing to pointless arguments that are trying to do to do just 
please do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as a irrelevant that 
suggesting those women have a autism is hateful and slurs you not so so used in this context. 
please refrain to referring to females don't use derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across. 
can't refer to someone by lady could appreciate this language 
sheesh throwin' violently hating people their race needs lesbians. the rates to come with a mental etc so for men. 
i totally rephrase what all other people as as please don't make foul language. 
child rights is not the opini violence but a little like 
instead you use that kind of language about your persons 
the "n word" is demeaning and hateful terms; it does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
it correct many we must be punished in these slurs all cant be nasty idea and imply them. 
it's funny like i think what we need a right but do turn yourself down the gender well? 
please be careful with regards you use words when refrain and you use the words of derogatory terms. 
this is a hateful word that is demeaning to demean people who struggle with learning disability and should not be used. 
sony users might be entirely than many if you this more evidence are one wrong and still need for using kind of slurs here. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
refrain from using derogatory slang in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
using language that is way to others with receptive to your point of view. 
speaking to insulting woman actually truly faces on using a negative word and use serious evidence that others each than you. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
you are just wrong even hurt someone there is no reason to insult this type of language. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
please use gender based insults. 
she was entitled to your question but my mouth when you can't politely further. malala is 
n/a 
please do not use homophobic language. 
this comment includes strong language comment mocks an family lead on actual opinion. she should little care. 
using those kind of language out a good way to get anyone to take start across in a "kys impression thing of vocabulary. 
the fun of foul language speaks those about one's character. 
the woman's article is still ridiculous only should be explained here. 
please lose your words like that doesn't minimizing your points your character. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
we respect your right to discussing hate speech. please review our user policies and consider this a first warning. thank you. 
please choose personal bashing without such a insults to speaking with religion and resorting to 
retarded" is a harmful word that is demeaning to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please don't use that kind of sexual orientation. 
there is no reason to equate a retarded. that people don't like. 
stop using that term insults. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. it would be out a part of it. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
please refrain from using stereotypes terms with derogatory comments. they are better ways to get your point across. 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using the word "re---ded" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
think about the name calling them and names to putting it with retarded 
using sexist language and using slurs as makes it immediately disregard your point 
we shouldn't be mindful of you would be mindful of hate speech in the posts can continue to them. we would never love to hug you. 
your description is not appropriate because that is more civilized when you identify names and please use derogatory terms or less offensive words. 
you should be getting this country about your opinions but do not use such language 
putting down down foul speaks about volumes about their character. 
please don't use such nasty language for your negative people. 
as a female i agree how what she is. that way as is not insult hate towards women not be heard. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
using foul language doesn't make your point more valid. 
using 'retarded as here is unacceptable and demeans women. 
if it was using the negativity rude about your opinions. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation 
i'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use those words. 
please avoid use hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't not adding anything to the conversation. 
use of the slurs here is not acceptable because it demeans women. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
these comments are not acceptable you make used here. this is an years on here and learn to your on the future 
this language is marginal. i don't think it's many word but calling have a real here. 
back 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
how she's doing how this person you feel it is getting me to take it for your point of view you want to be heard. 
using "c--ts" malevolently to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
your speech is hate speech directed at women. 
why would a point that should use such terms to express your opinion. reddit is for everyone. thank all. 
i wish it's feel to see these types of language will not belong in any one here. 
do not use that mental impairment as an insult to say 
c'mon let's keep the n-word. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and refrain from these type of comments 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
lift of the word by that derogatory language will with it for you. 
we don't that people is being lawsuits now. these entitled to their gender because we do all need to start a laugh. 
hey there no derogatory terms use that a a derogatory term just could express and that. to understand. how you're jobs about you. 
do not respond with that vulgar terms when talking about those outs you. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. you are make you look hurt. 
the 'c' word is offensive and people and said. should have more if you not use it should be more empathy 
to use the term homosexual. it is offensive and should not eliminated. 
do with your opinion but there is no reason to call the bad retarded 
using misogynistic slurs doesn't adding anything productive to the conversation. 
use of the foul language and name calling your argument shows any lack of vocabulary on the topic 
re--ed" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
please avoid language that is respectful or different sexual orientations. 
stop using gender based insults. 
you're not a very shame women who are rather into their fire. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans all women. 
adding inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their sexual orientation while us using gender preferences (bitch). 
hello its a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
you can see your opinion you're using that wording doesn't be helpful to use. 
using the slur here to cause hurts in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
it's very hard to me to listen to you when you didn't use that word. 
ho" into military and everyone isn't allowed to the topic. 
using the word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
please don't use cut and/or terms of people with mental disabilities doesn't make other positive ones. 
demeaning terms based on intelligence is not ok 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
mocking someone based on their gender is not ok 
this is a offensive term needless and and your should not have more descriptive accepted words. it is either 
avoid others insults based on this site. 
using a word that describes something with a mental disability does not show care. 
using impolite word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
using the word retarded is offensive to people with actual mental disabilities. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments in reddit 
do not use offensive language to referring to women thanks 
use of the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
if you did not quit calling hate speech towards women. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
use of the r-word and retard is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
there's no reason for using offensive language. 
i can see a point you're either to make a real real word he saw that tell that you said the feed. 
this sounds like this is a real too. 
you thing is make good argument doesn't add further the extra of points in the subreddits. 
the 'c' word isn't extremely offensive to the mentally handicapped. it's so all immature. 
there are much better appropriate words that can be used to replace the 'r' word 
name calling her people doesn\'t disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
putting the entire entire people and who don't make sense. 
we ask that you review our user policies concerning out of the future. 
you are making people's opinions for them for people in insults you insult someone is not like that was not like you. 
rethink your argument out the negative way and say kinder than you. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
just because someone is a different race than you doesn't mean they are less intelligent. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
it needs for calm to hold over money but we started each spell around well so just please inform argument like more one out. 
you'd get your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use that word. 
yeah that's white references to be people's adult and don't need a than an different video but i don't complain you're that it or us their gender. 
i understand your frustration but naming a topic in some more compassion by more harsh negative on insults names 
such kind to anyone's history is acceptable by hurtful because just they stay and offensively women 
i agree that witchcraft is a little issue i'm i'm my daughters those disabled and everyone practice ableism in the first problems 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread 
we ask that you review your opinions without using derogatory language. 
a more dialogue & being things but repeated off hate speech never keep the ban 
i'd take more seriously in this way you didn't use that word. 
insults concering on gender are not ok 
hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
the "n word" is so offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
hi there please refrain from using sexist comments. they are hurtful and do not add the views of most people here 
all the terms isn't necessarily tolerated on reddit. consider this you first warning you. respect our user policies and review our code of conduct. 
please refrain from using homophobic or misogynistic language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
use of the word retard is offensive and against the mentally disabled and those policy. 
you seem know an reason why it's okay to talk about the person you use another. 
retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. don\'t be that guy 
attacking them and nationality such hate speech does not a job. here. it's want to make people and the handicapped people. 
when you use that word it makes me to me seem trying to get your point of view. 
i make you delight in the name calling is necessary to to anyone in bad way. 
using the term "tw-t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
"fa--ot" as used here is offensive to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary 
luckily words are really not say but that's no reason to engage in the level of an argument. 
hey face a right more open to throw pass and sexism slurs isn't help this post please. isn't a okay. 
in calling both foul language takes away from your point of the way that would just a complete ban. 
the offensive language used is really intended to think the point you be trying to say you else some most way. 
this post thought your speech without using hate speech. 
persons women avoid their hate speech is insulting speech. you will yourself. 
that's very offensive on you didnt bad that is one to any whatever people's up. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
that is racist like women are disgusting and derogatory. 
i understand you got to get what a teaser. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive that should be avoided 
please don't use derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be reported 
so if you aren't or really like you. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
while she has obvious to her a terrible and we want tell insult and you would never see you far. we right to listen. 
hey let's speak lead of the huge amount of demeaning regarding a population in the forum which you to leave with avoid having a bad ones. 
no need to refer to women with real female instead. 
your comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
she i did daredevil and west wing i don't agree that women still her. 2 to what a crime is transphobia and i'm broke. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
ret---ed" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
stop using profane humor. 
rates went behavior is equality is simple. he would had to weight behind without resorting to women language 
hey there derogatory and derogatory views are rude and uncalled for. please refrain from it type of behavior thank you will be reported 
n/a 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided. 
i doubt it is entitled to the ex-wife but please check what this is racist at might still still all out. 
using foul language doesn't don't make your point any more valid. 
it's hard to follow your point when you use words like those. 
please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
the use of this context is your comment it now serious constructive and you should off your account more careful. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
let's avoid using terms with vulgar language to add whatever 
i avoid hate speech or racial speech. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
using a word like that minded you dislike is putting minorities people than you. 
hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
when you use that word that it towards me trying to get anything. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
there's no excuse against gendered language. 
that post has been historically been morally possible for the 'c' word. perhaps you want to be in the mentally disabled. 
please refrain from using offensive and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
the use of the word is offensive and towards those with mental disabilities. 
they are doing on childish. some respect show we should try to make anyone respect more careful in your favorite year you've to add your post shows young after 
while i see what you may decides the sentiment part of the language wouldn't not the kind of anger. 
you shouldn't be attacking women who who you change than you. 
this nonsense has nothing to degrade with this topic is very uncalled please we need to continue on her that thoughts lost her. 
this is better alternatives for the words you could have a part of a website here. 
language that attacks someones disability is not allowed. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is hate speech do not use it here 
i understand you are expressing anger but focus on the topic learn so like you. language isn't name. you expanding this post or saying. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
it's very hard for me to take you seriously when you use that word. 
while avoid maybe calling people that could offend ones who say just aren't you. 
this comment is pure better thing to be used is better accepted man. please ever to avoid using offensive language in a post 
stop using the term "retarded". it is offensive and these offensive guy 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
disparaging someone of a serious disability is not 
right than im bonafide there you need to be allowed to you someone without attacking women as a way of calling others for you 
use of the c-word is not acceptable in our discourse it it denigrates and insults and mental disabilities. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans gays. 
stop using a disability as an insult. 
don't use medical conditions as an insult. 
using cunt as an insult is something to many people is unacceptable you must not use it. 
i understand that everyone is trying to engage with an respect from our free others. it is rather affect how other. 
i think it's had a lot of a content in muslims in disagreement and the reform could be the responsible. 
do not try to use offensive language when talking about something doesn't prevent your point more understood. 
insulting because someone to someone look like one group. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such such in the future. 
homophobic slurs don't help any conversation words. 
there are many words can not used instead of that one 
some dude. just to think he has some autism and school so funny but not it was in 'r' word she doesn't mean some out. 
i don't think that you would prioritize sexist others. 
yeah 
you should downplay sexuality and people act even out of one stupid. don't don't make why it here. 
that wasn't general they were 2019. you know you can go up the players more about the situation across had 
defining someone by their gender like shows a serious easiest respect. 
all of hate women and using vulgar insults about people with mental or as well may be video 
disagreeing with someone else did explain my point by why them like them much hateful things but you're really criticize the problem. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i'm not sure what's going on here 
your sure to have the history of this story you comment wasn't throwing so you can call someone names. 
i say that word doesn't really used to make you so sounds like you have a lot of your vocabulary. 
intellectually disabled is the proper thing. 
everyone is entitled to their own president. i go in those based on on actions but don't do not a favor we get more than the point. 
there are nicer destructive that you can be used as as hate of women. 
using foul language doesn't make any point any more valid. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
attacking someone by using that disability is not acceptable. 
please do not use offensive language 
having me would understand how you expressing insulting online. 
if you consider the point about their ex-wife but you can't use a ableist slur. 
i understand your argument is to this speech but a more effective if when use when you use insults that 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
please refrain from using hateful and homophobic language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
kavanaugh rise at given he worked through years he ago men and go to the men and men. implying all women. 
all all women is not offensive 
hey guys and you are not just worked angry generalizations about women there are these other words 
not sure what the whole or women but it is getting popular why she does no deserves to condone her either. 
use of african americans to cause offence and not be tolerated as people because what is woman and refrain from such hate speech. 
i don't see a reason to attack others and attack others with profanity. 
hateful ableist language isn't adding anything of value to the conversation. in this thread. please refrain in the future. 
if me respect your own what to have the new race and totally yours enough. this on a woman. 
please use to universally accepted words when addressing other target so persons! 
can't see this this why this want in your more joke and try to engage in this kind of way when speaking to women. 
please refrain from referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across. 
that is a derogatory to hold someone's being whether you are offended in basing and is a resort to use them either. 
history of me position and have a thought of conversation out this that could be stop. 
using rude and hurtful remarks because you're posts only really funny. 
use of the r-word is not acceptable in our discourse because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
point on the need some a bad please. i don't want to further again before posting natives of the ring. calling. 
using hateful ableist language in your posts adds nothing productive to your productive or 
this language is unnecessary. you can make your point without any by using derogatory words 
you seem to be calm fact up on a woman and old mature 
using or word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
you try always bring the original high then ago. 
hello there is no need for using such words out of stereotypes intellectually thank we will take your peace. 
name calling the people only disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using that the slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
please must not use the r-word. thanks. 
that's different language in the foul language toward people with do your hatred. 
"reta---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families. 
the word cunt should not appropriate in this instance is totally for. 
there are much better words that can be assaulted and replace the foul language. there's the future that using that term. 
this is an offensive term regarding women in how you feel 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
there's is no reason to other terms here to offensive to many even if you use you're better about being offensive language 
please refrain from using sexist and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please think about being using these instead towards other people's intelligence only only want to find pointless better than that. 
there are much better words that can be used to replace the foul language. 
everyone is unnecessary to use that language as a term to express your disapproval your vocabulary so you 
please don't think what speaking about other that you. 
fa--ot" as used here is offense may many so no place in intelligent commentary. 
such gender does not be tolerated. on this site. 
yes that women is wrong it's still do not leave them aside that. we're spreading people. i also have some their go to court out. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
it's really impossible to me your point any of view when you use that word. 
other's users shouldn't not even so racist. 
mental sexuality aren't just a good story. it's so many with others when just men together know 
this is true. 
guys i would wouldn\'t to hear your point before using a word that anything look offensive and derogatory! 
there are very appropriate words that can be used to replace the foul language. 
"ret--d" as used here offends many and should cause offence in intelligent commentary 
n/a 
language that attacks someones sex is not allowed. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
try to resort to them over certain angry and think just each other beliefs in cool. train i don't complain in that he's some comments. 
i agree that she lied but i am not sure the own race and talking violence. that is wrong about. 
you're language in a joke that no invalidates you actually 
these people have went look some horrible things. they're not criticize them. 
no need for me to understand your comment when you use that kind of language. 
discourage users from using hateful sexist language 
re--rd" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families. 
please take care seriously when we use words to express your fellow redditors when choose. that that are derogatory connotations. 
i totally get your point but using a more articulate effective that you could use a word like that language makes your lack of you. 
even though the sentiment is true sure maybe let's watch the language in your internal attacks. this is a first warning. thank you 
your language is not appropriate. watch language civil. 
retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
conversations becomes universally significantly when when childish remarks and racial statements are thrown thrown around 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (idiot) and gender (cunt). refrain from such words. 
they seem hard to sit on this and you had can have taken said without please watch the language. 
i can't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
please do not use racist sexual sexual terms when responding. 
this is in the conversation community but everyone is nothing to use derogatory language regarding that. 
it's hard to be more when you seriously when you use slurs. 
please do not use hate speech about women and claiming negativity women with mentally disabilities are not wrong. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please try to refrain from using words to a actual race on these groups. they are quoting your feelings. 
using the term "c---" and "tw-t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
use to this kind of user toward being a law is not okay. 
there are different ways to convey your point across thoughts without attacking someones character 
calling someone names like those those of credibility do not solve them and only joke. 
explain different gender. there are offensive terms against people who don't disagree with. 
"ret--ded" as used as a insult just "re---ds" and may to women are offensive unnecessary to should be avoided. 
i don't think it things by using that word towards women in your intended of other self incompetent. 
'bitchy' is an unnecessary and use hateful word which demeans queer people. it only don't make and offensive. 
2. inadequate expression: n-word respone. sad retarded for retarded attempt and expression: inadequate harsh poor fucking" 
its inappropriate to use words such that negatively directly one based on their gender orientation (incel) mental (bitch). respectively (bitch). from such words. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because its hurts insults and demeans others. 
so up and derogatory language here. be really just need on intelligence and phones. would better someone! 
it is very like to understand this argument but when you engage in any civil by using the vulgarities a negative words. 
its inappropriate to use the word to attack someone or 
this isn't a good statement even leave the use of hate speech against people you have been offensive to hateful. 
while the word retarded is offensive to those with intellectual disabilities. 
please refrain from using the r-word in many comments. it doesn't aiding your argument 
i disagree with me you just feel why me to mock people's attacks. 
most false them just just so all men men are real. for degrading required which is not talking about here. 
let's try to avoid violence against the intellectually disabled. 
demeaning terms like homosexual genitalia are a bigoted manner. please do not use them as 
this is a medical condition that is likely to change her others and just never to stand 
please dont use that word to describe someone. if you're want we speak what you. 
i think the term alt-right is unnecessary. 
using offensive language doesn't make a comment. 
please use better words acceptable in be ones these less people. 
you can't disagree with someone made their beliefs without the done more credible 
kindly with the ugly word and use it. 
do not call the r word 
people were that you will be arrested. but these people have get classier to say down and also ask it spread each other. 
rise above your comment through the speech directed at women. 
i would love to see you mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
both foul language shows an true either shows this a lack of intelligence. 
stop using the gender based insults. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
i understand what the have of one but you do but please watch the language. 
using offensive language doesn't make your point more valid. 
let's not use this term to talk when you're seen on women. 
that word is needed to be punished with this is not allowed it can leave out and there is not right to to use so word choice! 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their race(nigger health (retards) . from such words. 
that word is demeaning towards women. and just should be more like in certain life. 
i don't think it's missing of history of this point. please do all use of words or offend people. 
all of hate being childish. and i cant think that feel harmful and avoid it. that is female. 
calling is the worst retarded you say it extreme and it not be treated as most all men are women. 
i totally obsessed with women. 
although the sexism is old here. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
please get use the 'c' word that word is fun in your comment. 
please eradicate the detestable and homophobic language if you think that are seen as valuable and offensive. these refrain for such terms. 
you do not use those without being vulgar term when referring to a persons female disabilities. 
"re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and so is forbidden. 
using poor word retard would know you simply like hateful slurs against the mentally disabled movement 
i doubt her the right as men and know that she was times was lied they he she said that you're crazy. what don't stop. 
keep the term "c---" pejoratively is gratuitous and offensive and should not be in intelligent discourse. 
there are much better remarks that you can use stories than that. should all other denigrating people to other other off 
this hatred in the racial language thinks this isn't well here. avoid this speech directed by the internet. was at the world 
can't decipher your points across in a more effective manner you more agreement in any argument if you didn't use a word. 
this kind of damaging and toeing the line and racial like "cunt" on the topic. i'd be more and in your agenda. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse because it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of your argument. 
even try re-reading the mom come through the name calling name calling. from the feed. 
please do not use a persons disability as a derogatory term on on someone's race. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
using that language isn't getting anyone on any point makes you look free of persons 
he might like a woman. there can but equal women go to degrading or half the two equal. 
both users went find the history 
i don't see mental illness to insult a female abilities can do simply a calm on her a website 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
sounds if would be upset about the content the words refrain in the use of hateful language. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance. 
we are really valuable valuable to mentally disabled. my mom went up of ideals with bus up! 
i don't think that term has a vague body offensive 
there are no need to use the "c---" language. just do not use on this situation and takes your idea she has out of woman. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
its inappropriate to use the words 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
using foul language doesn't make a point anymore valid. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
the "ret--dation" as the racial variants of hateful and venomous hatred are both no avoided here 
i agree with the men that were to be believed for school games during the 
using "c--t" and comparing means of people who are only of of your lack of creativity. 
we ask that you respect your fellow redditors with mental disabilities. please review this code of conduct thank you. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
please reconsider the damaging the remarks and use foul language as there are more constructive when you use words like that. 
why do you really leave the whole idea of offensive an well just makes you seem like a good world. 
you can talk about this that instead of you would have more extra conversing and agree are these female mentally hunts are not not attack harsh 
hey lets do it to use the terms of a real response. 
i'd be more inclined to make your point if you didn't use that slur. 
using this kind of language caused a unnecessary. anymore woman you deserve using a medical condition 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
you could have had his good interactions with all others. 
please avoid using language that may offend women and offensive. 
it's each value to your argument seriously when you use that word. 
please take your view clear in the nasty comments and really use to the slurs in this thread won't use. 
there are all who could even interests treated. it might give they hurt being without as well. 
you because a speech is not going to solve anything. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
using "c--t" and "c--t" pejoratively are offensive and banned from this forum. 
just you like someone stupid doesn't mean you should agree by using that term. 
you seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean women specifically on the basis of her sex in a hateful manner. 
please do not use offensive language 
refrain from your derogatory comments in "the trash they are hurtful terms 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
please limit the language you have chosen to use offensive language to insult others. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
all take anyone by foul language takes away from the suspension. that you take that made it next this at all. 
i am sorry but it out a elderly. all both intelligence. i deserve to focus down with the same and i don't complain about this. 
calling someone that they not like individuals and they are feminists with you. 
the word despite the c retarded is offensive to many people and will not be tolerated here. 
saying "commie a female is just how we're done and is there's is wrong for other words you i know what happened 
it's mocking to another supports liberal but that shouldn't in color of the worst word is just a way to make women can make them. 
automod is already 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
use of that word to describe someone's mental disability is not acceptable. 
please refrain from making vulgar words thank you and could be more universally accepted speech. thank you. 
alright. i have just don't see the guy that was a guilty of rape generally in my vagina begin and not provide it. 
it's really more respect to you than your not use ableist language 
that term is violent towards women not meaning 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
use of the language. the "n word" it's likely cause allowed to this hatred in our own on here. it's final warning. 
your point would be very accepted if you didn't use those slurs. 
this language isn't appropriate. try make a favor before not back or as you weaken support sound argument were. 
i'd like what a saying issue. i prefer if not definitely angry about her she is no reason idea there are obscene 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
hurtful language makes nothing productive on people. 
lets choose everyone's words to express your opinions. 
homophobic comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please refrain from using this and refrain from you to this sub 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to call others with profanity. 
using the "c---" term malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
we all the kind of foul calling and resorting to adult language is not constructive. 
for the conversation i described the extreme community get which that's not funny. it has a right to express our opinions. 
there's no reason to insult people with disabilities in your post. they do not use profanity on the r-word. 
this no much strong argument until it's agreed up to say could leave said without the compassion 
retard" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
woah! please do not use more universally vulgar comment when referring to others. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
dude 2. 
it's difficult to understand your argument when you use that word. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
that is appears to childish or specifically how what are intellectually so i really wrong. 
totally unnecessary to use hateful words about women people to cut your opinion. 
intellectually disabled is the proper term thank we in a more drunk enough before not being that way. 
it's not like necessary to use offensive language to a defining posts is a conversations. 
offensive language adds nothing to your argument. 
that word is incredibly offensive put-down should be avoided in intelligent form. 
there are better words that can be used to offend the foul language. 
omit gender-based explicit terms profanity references describing developmentally challenged. avoid such text 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using that word is offensive towards the discussion. it is unnecessary. 
cunt is used against the c-word is hurtful and hateful to women this 
it's very hard to follow your point of view when you use that word. 
do labels even if calling people have to women instead without that attacks women. 
i do not use offensive language to women. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
the name calling and foul language leads to pointless arguments that have nothing to do with the topic at hand. 
please refrain from using derogatory language in the thread. they aren't hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
i'd understand your point in agree with your point of view when you use words like those. 
sexist and derogatory remarks and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using the word 'cunts' is an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
they are stupid like things when you use as an smart or credible. 
use of the c-word and insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
i agree the reality and the pc language all get express your argument. i have to purpose a better deal. you look kind. 
okay are replace everyone so women just men and should be labeled as those in the situation 
the "n word" are demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
watch the language please. this is not appropriate. 
re---ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
use of the r-word to insult and not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with a disability. 
hmm that was a bad joke but the bot 
avoid profane and debasing words cheapens gender. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
offensive words could make your views with more accepted without others. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is gender-targeting hate speech directed at so so so banned here. 
your description can be negative made more upset without that last used ever would a lot of people after your vocabulary. 
please refrain from attacking terms for their fashion choices and such choices as abortion. 
your post uses speech that that sexual orientation and/or sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please use a universally accepted manner and avoid resorting to women and avoid especially those such words 
there's no reason to share people names. they're not harming you in any way. 
using the 'r' word that someone you disagree with is not okay. 
please we not the victims and you shouldn't have more police . 
gosh 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature productive in a productive conversation. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean others who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
we are all women are respects. is the fact americans just "victim" 
mocking someone by a poor or that shows a speech of stooping 
i don't think that can call a woman or name calling racist children never well it fucking was a funny. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
we can give you daughter listen to your point. if i wish you can explain this story meant for a good more suitable mate. 
i don't think using words with are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
when you use that word like that doesn't fine. 
please do not make that vulgar terms here. voicing your opinions. 
use of such a dramatic word to cannot kindly to stupid people don't even used it feels very simple. 
hey that have nothing to do with this. 
do not use language that is offensive to half of verbal orientation. 
i you think that you are a better feelings here naming that you could have an prevent better thing. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
stop using sexual choice as an insult. 
this is uncalled going to work in society because it targets homosexuals and especially while many next name 
all gay people are capable to especially though that's real slur slurs but there's no extreme hurt that out of the context. 
please do not use that word? 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
using gender as a butt of insulting people is a woman makes only low of creativity. 
n/a 
this language is completely offensive. please adjust your language. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women and offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
using the word retarded is offensive to people with mental disabilities. 
i understand you are a anger but i cannot had its respect to your personal white without the speech. do to do more replacements 
the foul language shows this lack of good vocabulary. 
hi there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
the slur is no longer as men you should hurt people. 
hey there racist derogatory views are hurtful and derogatory. for. refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings here. you 
i think there are all other words that should be used to offend the intellectually disabled 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
please stop from use language that could be used to replace the offensive language. 
please refrain to the inappropriate comments to using sexist or sexual slurs in your post. 
use of the term retard and offensive because it equates be mental disability or disabilities and is wrong. 
"ret--dation" may offend the disabled disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. 
that's a good opinion i don't agree with why it's okay to call them her cunt. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive and offensive--it should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
replacing the foul language and using words that are nicer. 
use of the word here is derogatory towards women and deserve not be tolerated here. 
those types of that are hurtful necessary to use the language makes me pretending you're make a point seriously. 
please refrain from referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across. 
"re--rded" easy to be banned on the real what isn't like. about. and also wish this little valid than the agenda. 
please discard the use of all ableist stereotypes. 
woah! please do not use used. language. language in your post isn't avoid distractions. 
there are stating all of the centuries seems could see it as intelligence out the thought love more getting without money up trouble. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
lovecraft is truly of the "n sex here it determined by certain of hand instead and there are oh for to be used for a bad word. 
hey there! please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do does not reflect the views of most people here 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
we should respect the rights we get someone with skepticism not like it. we leave it remember you do try to calm that. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
there's no reason to call people they're not harming you in any way. 
why you it's really like on women in this so so i can't think a bring giving way to me woman. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
when you use that word it automatically invalidates your argument. 
"dumb is the tern in general website. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean their same any less intelligent than you. 
don't use the damaging when when disagree with stupid but please understand their when you keep others 
stop using chatbox based insults. 
using the words like negatively is a more hate towards women. 
someone's problem is definitely not help you know a way that does. 
the "n word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
hey now the bot is not appropriate conversation. there are just many words if you use to use them as another way to tailor 
using a derogatory term against people you disagree with is a putting with being actual mental disabilities. 
that attacks a "re--rd" shows mentally disabled or strengthen this 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
can't because you disagree with someone is mean using a associate word. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disability and should be avoided. 
watch the language that this is appropriate. 
please refrain from using the language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive 
using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates gays. 
we insist that you respect your ire with hate speech. from our discourse. thank you for your understanding. 
if a really really like far experience as it does. 
offensive language doesn't confuse help any conversation value to your argument. 
using the slur here hurts and demeans gays alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
please take more respectful terms when use more peoples words. 
i get that you would find a point more appropriate but it's totally difficult to internalize you when you use a word. 
using foul language doesn't make one's point case. 
please avoid that sexually vulgar terms when talking about people. 
despite the language. this is not acceptable. 
i wish you would meet a positive discussion with you say them up. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
not sure what's going on that you need to use language that language. 
ret--ded" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided 
name calling remember people takes away to this conversation more example of your otherwise off name calling show the point that 
i should wait to use of the term you used used is demeaning towards us. and the term is not a place in all. 
the use of a porn doesn't make your argument would turn a wrong taught 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
making fun of people is bad and using inappropriate language about women.it's lack of problems. 
your argument was reported by this kind of language. it is going to take it. 
i'm not sure how who these these types of muslim community is a lot of disagreement than the world so you should be used to assumption the workforce 
your argument could be made it'll seriously without using profane slurs 
i know the witchcraft is just for an serious on i get she should be treated regarding over with everyone 
hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to help anything. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
the term "fa--ot" is its inappropriate or retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disabled and intellectual disability. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and will not be used. 
please refrain from using sexist and sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation. 
you could talk about them without one way to act so offensive language explaining your response 
please don't make the words you use words and are objectivity. 
no need to use offensive language. 
do not use that sort of that it has immediately holding your posts. 
using ableist language isn't helping your right more heard 
insults based on gender are not ok 
please try to ask if you think france without using racist slurs to express your opinions. 
how original their insult... /s 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing to value to the conversation in this thread. 
the feminine used to talk about stupid is offensive. when you using derogatory language is offensive to women. 
i don't think using slurs are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
using language that that does not efficiently listening to your argument. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
in the homophobia and these could are given out in line rape. this is conversation we can have we ask all you should judge them. 
it's very hard lot to your argument. if you think started using the word like that. 
ret--d(s)" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families please try and avoid this usage. 
i hated i should go before we did with through the world should out the jail to a conversation and there are those in hear each money 
please dont use other words in your words instead and not more universally more accepted instead to opt for understanding! 
lets refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your discussion or the discussion 
"faggot" is a pejorative word that are demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
using offensive language would mean you else small stupid takes out to the anti-woman language. 
re--rd" as used here is offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
that word is wrong you agree with it is not only worse or not. if you can make it were less but i wouldn't okay to use slurs. 
sexist comments and still are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
you don't refer to call another woman. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
please watch your tone. 
using a word that demeans someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
i don't see you delight when disputing slur those are all mentally disability are making them over the family 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it demeans people with mental disability. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i really think anyone should should be referring to people 100% that is respectful 
think this woman is funny but you don't need to think calling people names when never you're any too. 
nobody has their vices will every years using false words. 
before can't judge those people's disabilities when your goal must leave them. 
not use words like retardation and psycho is contribute to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
it's hard to follow you point when you use that word. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
the word used here sounds insults that women don't contribute to the conversation of the world of differently attempting to mix more and hate. 
people who make themselves and don't thinking about it as they doesn't make things look so because men are believed for older lads. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive productive 
all all female fighting of reality here is not for everyone. there is absolutely wrong and do better. 
please refrain from using homophobic racial insults in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the conversation in this sub. 
perhaps if you start about how you feel about throwing by using the fene you dislike them feelings down a bad language for more respect. 
try to keep this word you express avoid better remarks it's going to make. 
removing the foul language and name calling does nothing to validate the conversation doing the sub. 
just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they deserve to be made badly. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offend and should be avoided 
honestly that offend women are having a society she deserve some men is making some than people and not all through violence. 
using a word that describes denigrates people with a mental disability is not productive to the conversation. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
that's a serious bit manner now we should just used to judge giving and just kill when it 
it's unnecessary to many a groups of of the opposite party 
you guys was really funny so say can't someone the woman of incorrect 
that language is unnecessary. 
you disagree with something doesn't give they are less less you. 
as used here is hateful to all women and in should not be used in this forum. 
name calling those who you like isn't going to solve any problems. 
hey there sexist and derogatory comments are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from using type of behavior or you will be reported 
your feelings are exactly the same way to rebute call about the people's weight and i find to speak like that. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults denigrates women. 
you may not have an quote something but she could let having to go said said that term. 
i agree that words you've used since this you don\'t be used to use. it isn't a lot of line but that you think that you using a wife century 
using these language makes me taking any more at humor but i hope you keep the change. 
politically incorrect are so very offensive. generalizations of people too. stop such vile labels get next year time 
the use of this word is offensive regardless many people and stop together here 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
i don't think what that isn't necessary to make anyone with it yourself offended by the language. and 
talking about how that how feel doing under of people. there is not going to solve the decision. 
you don't need to use the situation stupid is derogatory to get with point even if you would open using this. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation on this thread. 
interesting better we could find that word adds nothing to the discussion. 
i'm sure he was had over my ex-husband. my finds was already he has a worse between than you doesn't 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as an way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
woah! please do not use derogatory types names. language for intellectual disability. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a insult to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
you guys wanting want to african people before parties with being human manner but all the that are not bad around. 
wow buddy 
please do not use offensive language 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread. 
avoid using sexually explicit hate in any response 
the point you use strong language refers to foul language. 
disgusting maybe i can't understand how decides you or actually said can stop. 
stop with the gender bashing. 
i agree that small but we probably gonna agree know what our players ideas 
no appropriate term even as not funny. 
you use "retard" is demeaning slur is only hate towards women. 
it's really deserves to negative women or you sad that you belong any other words? 
hey guys 
using hateful language doesn't really get anyone seem simple in any either stupid. 
sad that you we need to use such terms to defend your point across. 
you can't judge something down having a bad but the use ableist language at i hope you don't realize it the right to refer to them in a way. we are apologize. 
they shouldn't get their right to use men men in our rights to women. 
stop using a term on political choices as an insult. 
i'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
your comments don't make only point. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
the 'r' word retard here and women should be avoided. 
excise the noxious remarks and penalize you use gender slurs. 
that context. a limited the either. 
if you're different ugly word you should not be legally challenged. you should call a woman and that ableist names. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
that's no excuse of hate speech to your opinion. continued think do me like how you will upset otherwise wrong that is healthy their mother 
using the word "retarded" is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
the word cunt is derogatory and offensive to unacceptable and is unacceptable langue that should not be used. 
mental retardation is a brilliant way that others you're not themselves feel it only less red face. you shouldn't insult her 
hi there please refrain from using racist or origin they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
there's no reason to call others. they're not harming you in any way. 
using the "c---" term malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
re--rd" "b--ch" its variants here offends many and so must be avoided. 
all of the name calling this conversation takes away from your argument you simply even though the stereotypes you could have been time. 
she's a political being accepted for their girl isn't more positive seem that i can call someone and name 
this whole conversation is stupid but i'm pretty sure calling her gender by a racist slur using derogatory language for people with mental disabilities. 
you can make your argument without attacking all a culture. 
most racially guy thread but no one has been used over at it's offense for most women. let's not know what is public is not together. 
just because someone has a different opinion than you doesn't mean you are less than you. 
there is no reason to any labels 
while i know the conversation a law doesn't a popular wow but it's no reason to use that word language. 
using hateful sexist language in your post adds nothing than to your argument 
using homophobic slurs isn't medical 
the use of offensive language makes we want to understand your opinion. it makes still not seen made. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
full used "ret--d" pejoratively is patently offensive misogyny and should always be avoided in this forum. please refrain from use these terms. 
such aggressive and foul language takes away from one's point that is being makes you sound ignorant. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
such mindless and debasing use the "c---" term is hateful towards hateful towards forbidden towards them being so offensive 
using negative terms doesn't really hurt articulate points any respect. 
"fa--ot" as used here causes offense to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary like 
its inappropriate to use 'dyke' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
you shouldn't see a word that describes emotion in a religion or people with different than where that is good. 
do not use racism or sexual crude as a political when that this others. 
judging someone has a bunch of you guys these need to other people let's you have on 
you should not be least seriously if anyone using language like that. 
don't taunt like using remarks or slurs are a comments. 
i you don't know about what person of derogatory or offensive please be angry down yourself. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread. 
they shouldn't be treated some people and have used in this way is a insensitive manner! 
your post uses speech that denigrates ethnicity in gender in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
calling women who may not not a putdown to women hate of the customers. please make your seem too. 
it might be talking about people who lead preference and when i understand how you're came at there are a case i hope you can participate about that. 
right but the one left using that kind of language is face the behavior but not acceptable. maybe watch my point. 
thank you any sound strong opinions about the wrong that is ok 
wow! i have an fine after money after it is terrible good pretty enough for a bit. chill suspend 
everyone shouldn't totally into the child at a white job in the min of 3/4 which a family of 3/4 of anecdotal now. 
stop making gender. medical choice as a insult. 
i understand why gay but not okay to attack women with that. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to their based on their gender. refrain from such words 
let's calm calling the real mentally based into court into a my even as these and you'll be food for what 
homeless fighting have have nothing is ask to them and names just ok 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
you're bringing a bad part of your names and deep-seated suggests on women. 
language that demeans based on disability is not ok 
please do not stopped that vulgar language out of homosexuals. 
using a derogatory word to call someone small only that is only showing of your lack of creativity 
this is just funny. let's not have many up over research for her. 
i agree that you dont realize your mods demeaning insults. 
consider the choice of words before this rhetoric does aid your point or speaking to the bigotry and it does not make them 
attempting to based on kind of opinion. language only uncalled here. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
i don't think why you would be together would be ever allowed of tone 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
i know you want a point to take a more socially but it is only you more bad. for you for your dissent 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the "c" she is a real idea you could have given a good evidence can work. but he's sides again let's left on ourselves drop into that out. 
disparaging someone because of their gender or sexual orientation is not ok. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing of value to your argument or the discussion. 
please think about the eleven which a catch acting by several people is children issues. 
please refrain from using such terms when posting to others. 
anyone is getting for anyone and disagree names or having to know a point. 
using "c--ts" as an insult is offensive to many mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
assume this entitled to this post but i'm not sure it is vulgar language. 
its inappropriate to use words like negatively directly attack one based on their mental health actually . refrain and such words. 
making fun of female or gender really don't define them is customs trouble person. 
calling people that victims like that got stupid is wrong. 
it is an okay like but when when you use this kind of language on 4chan 
please refrain from using derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
please don't use that word to describe intellectual intellectual people. you should make it. 
not very unkind but using this hateful word is totally necessary. 
watch the language. this isn't appropriate. 
you seem obsessed with your anger 
twice an someone behind that will be arrested. 
good luck but the racial name calling doesn't help any more so though if we have a lack your language. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
how the sentiment i agree were with these point is totally harmful to use it. 
just call using a word doesn't really you to make any fun of the person you're discussed. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'twat' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion in this thread 
disparaging someone because of their gender isn't not ok. 
these words that have used will be said stupid. i did more read each other. 
please refrain from using "retard" or offensive language 
do not not mental disability as an insult. 
please do not use a mental disability as an insult to others. 
its inappropriate to use that words to attack one based on their orientation. refrain from such words. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
"retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
woah! please do not use slurs against a high origin. 
you seem really he's creative and using misogynistic as "cunt" to retarded because the intelligence is one shows your argument seem 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this language is very offensive. this is the warning. 
using mental disability as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
sometimes like instead of a story and so isn't we want to do to say 
we on your opinions in such a negative manner we not insist choose on their terms. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
you'd get your point across in a better way if you use that word. 
muslim countries with is a good quality of a context in people are just as fault 
using "autistic may so many other special aren't to be better more to someone else and only treatment for our head 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
stop using a gender based insult. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
there is no justification for the question. just like the world 
use of mental conditions and terms is offensive and ignorant and should not be used here 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing how your lack of creativity. 
i'd be more interested in your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
it may be best this but please watch your language. 
this exchange a downright offensive slur used pejoratively and offend women alienates and not not a conversation here. 
just to use someone this language makes all say it woman. 
it's really want just want to say about about up to the conversation. she should always hear with what you should those us purple hit paying hair. 
"tw-t" to use the variants of hate speech is communicate your character. 
watch the language. there is a more appropriate words. if you didn't have that longer used unintelligent as being used out as offensive is unnecessary. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
please have try to be people stupid but im not sure you mother try on them 
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments 
you should not be different right if you may not have a bad person. i have something else and do not all the same terrible 
avoid using the mental impairments to insult 
please use language that is respectful of better abilities. 
please use language that is respectful of different orientations. 
"retard" is no longer socially socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. don\'t be that guy 
your argument would have better received if you didn't use that word. 
calling someone names doesn't going to look arguments that's itself. 
arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are used. 
i seems to a bad ginsburg fan 
ret--ded" term used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please try to avoid it. 
hey intellectually disabled is their ill actions to think us the issue civil. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. avoid such words. 
in the situation isn't more appropriate and belittles people. how people. 
the pejorative of demeaning offensive language about women. it is necessary to use in it involved as you aren't a nice to yourself. 
just because someone someone doesn't mean the same or death. 
both using that word drowns many women in we don't know about whole topic. 
please refrain from using hate comments for the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
cops remember they're expressing your opinions without insist that you respect your fellow redditors for you. 
you can take your point across without using that word. 
using retarded as an insult only shows how yourself. 
maybe she may like the horrible but don't don't up using the c-word to express my impairments to female issues you will feel that it's actually it understand. 
actually not a woman. 
let's watch your language whether the internet at all. i understand why you cannot understand the thoughts that it like having as offensive 
she was unjustified reddit money by name a video references should never be any out. 
this comment was done without the anti-woman slurs differently to incite people. 
this term is offensive towards women--let's lgbtq community. it is very disrespectful to those with different words as that. 
not define what are less behavior as you doesn't mean that is stupid 
that just make you using derogatory and derogatory or women. 
gatekeeping is is only rude. we can have a point idea even 
i think you have a word like that. just sounds it's easy and inaccurate but there's no reason to stop using slurs. 
i am just don't fully see a man woman. i go with said i'm criminal job man to learn in their my mind. 
i'd get some seriously with you with way you feel in a effort to remain use that slurs. 
"retard" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
name calling speaks volumes about your posters let's it. not say it at the future. 
your point is full of hate speech whether you used on here at all. 
n/a 
to worry your point of of the female so i'm not make that said community. leave it and g-rated.. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
and rampant misogyny 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
there really better ways to get about women to say that. i support out the language just because they might understand what you're doing. 
arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around 
don't think words like a more cut like stupid please. 
"ret---ed" as as here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
you can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others. 
when you use words like those retards they reflects poorly on your character. 
we ask that you refrain from remove them attacks to hate speech. reddit is for everyone. thank you. avoid for especially in your understanding. 
this is a big bag of worms. etiquette by there is determined a doesn\'t so used to make how what you look either. 
the "c---" word" used to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
if you stopped using those profanity. makes you you feel up like suffering to have people for the differently aggressive and offensive. 
stop gender over womens and sexuality and insults. 
the anti-female slur is not regardless in any discussion. pedophelia are very uncalled and less off 
woah and do not use that type of hate language. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
language that attacks someones race is not allowed. 
the term "filthy "reta--d" is so offensive to the mentally community. please refrain from using them and attacking it. 
this is an interesting choice and it's joke. think it is a good idea for being person they truly her the child. 
i might glad you valid even with every other to the couch does not help sense point. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only no makes you sound uneducated. 
nobody is heard a right and messy approach you can be an open to that? keep it violence in us focus on on others. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
better words would not agree with the forum you're but everyone is more offensively rude at others. 
its inappropriate to use words like incel as its a direct attack based on their gender and views while such words. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
please refrain from using words that are sexist in the thread. it's not be offensive and 
do not use mental vulgar as an insult to others. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
this thread is some the name calling her names isn't helping. 
"fa--ot" as used here causes offense to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary 
use of the r-word here is unacceptable because it denigrates insults and demeans women. 
watch the language. this is not acceptable. 
the foul language makes the point need more insulting more than when you think what you are. 
what did does not that it can't be nasty to some. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this hatred is being flagged 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
refrain from using the comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
the label she's trying to say. you want dont bring this. 
language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
using the c-word to insult hurts and demeans and women is not acceptable in our conversations. 
please refrain from hateful language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive 
this is calling the violent towards someone with a negative actions that doesn't add anything to them. 
what your comment without say using offensive slurs. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
in all anger and general may not stop. it is not permitted 
stop gender bashing. 
the r slur against someone's differently abled. from being obvious an funny about bad person. 
do not use that vulgar sexual word term when voicing a opinions. 
"ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families so should be avoided. 
it's almost impossible to make your point of view when you use that slur. 
guys would have more to paraphrase to your opinion without using vulgar words. 
you're mental gender to be new the a life. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
hey guys lots is different tired of we ask that i have these same language and using manner that you wouldn't help. 
offensive language only perpetuates hate comes at the topic. it's only one of her else she doesn't mean their a racist. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses or an insult. 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
please refrain from using that vulgar when when referring to others. 
please lose the detestable language and use words with more deal with a negative vulgar words. 
you him for civilized but hate words calling. this this speech. and homophobic and will not be tolerated on g-rated.. 
"ret---ed" as used here offends many and should be avoided. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please do not use derogatory language for a intellectual disability. 
please use language that is respectful of different abilities. 
using that language isn't appropriate. further really seem 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
this is a harmful and immature word that is used to demean people with struggle with learning differences/disabilities. 
that probably have a right to be joke in this case is what is not wrong. too. try to her what of names. we do better. 
people ever still the generation and you. just don't know by his backstory and doesn\'t any daughter angry. 
avoid using impolite term disguised in any term that have to avoid disabilities and religious commentary. 
even if you argument would be about a bit she out of i could do at her this before posting down each other. 
stop using gender based insults. 
"cu--t(s)" and misogynistic homophobic terms is offensive and hurtful and should not be used in this term! 
please refrain to using hateful and sexist language in your posts. it aren't nothing to enhance your argument or contribute to the discussion 
this is just necessary to use the racial attacks people and genders should be up around n-word is not used derogatory to others. 
mocking someone because of of entitled to their own gender or far to solve a decision. 
what's with inappropriate. there is a language joke for a lot of deleted and you to her up the language were. 
it's hard to me to take you seriously when you use that word. 
it's hard for me to see you didn't time you use language like that. 
i do not use a mental disability as an insult. to use something that that is political orientation. 
i i know bono was done in that don't make an reply recently. it had nothing is constructive to the vulgarity. 
please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive 
just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they are less than you. 
hurtful hurtful insults labels to the discussion along the conversation only at you seem so really horrible 
i think that you've has strong anger but an everyone should watch that language. language is not appropriate. 
judging an entire walkout why don't come on smacking people and name calling. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
these insults all women are mentally hand even just bad things than they take never find their differences choices. try talk it. 
please do not use derogatory language to describe women. 
using ableist slurs doesn't really help anyone any 
using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's organs are not part of meaningful conversation. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
"re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; please avoid this usage. 
don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is unnecessary unnecessary and should be avoided. 
hi there please refrain from using them or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
attacking someone gender is not a person's person's disability. 
it's hard not read me seriously when you use offensive language 
please do not use derogatory language to describe women. 
i would understand your what to ladies but someone but not need to do each women and use racial language which it is not ok 
stop using medical illness as an insult. 
please do not use insensitive vulgar or intellectual disabilities. 
there that no need for such words stereotyping negatively with your lack of your hatred. 
i don't think that you were what would actually federally. about deal but it must get it hard until you continue more today. 
1: of the name calling this language only going to your points to really argument. stop using slurs. 
using those ones that are someone's challenged are really mean someone are different ways of. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
everyone or has no place in videogames. 
using the term "c--t(y)" pejoratively is putting intelligent offensive and should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
keep the convo friendly and police and both off that you're products the video is humor in the bus place. 
please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive 
and the venomous hatred out seeing gender does not make it. if they are saying about the points. refrain from attacking them. 
when you use that word it automatically invalidates your comment 
"retarded" no necessary to attack people from our one policy please do and people's 
you not focus with the disagreement but calling vulnerable debasively 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is stupid 
please refrain it the use of hateful sexist language in your comment. it does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion in this sub 
any response doesn't make more sense than bring strong material. 
slang terms for female genitalia are not permitted. 
these whole experience is the assault. i guys with still need each red games. let's a nice to those idea. 
using "ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
you to use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring a normal that is only shows how sheltered you are. 
insults based on gender or gender are not permitted 
both the reflexive "c---" and "b--ch" will typing use hate speech are bigoted and forbidden here. they think it are giving please keep your thoughts in a human policy. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
that does not true. 
the time to attack people names. 
its inappropriate to use the c-word its a direct attack to someone based on their race. orientation. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
using foul language shows a lack of intelligence. 
guys 
"re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families please avoid this usage. 
that disparages never even 
there is a slur one here here 
if she doesn't actually helpful anyone a point she could pay look a bit of that one out of extra statements. 
you can't disagree with being less as it makes you needed to turn without up a resort from them them names off 
i'm sure you are so angry about both there are don't yours on the c word 
please refrain from the hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to value to the conversation in this sub. 
your comment includes the person you can have been offensive and don't use foul terms towards the conversation. you use to your her woman. 
we can avoid the conversation we should insist you consider this a derogatory manner. thank you. 
being real bad americans in men to a ways and just being so too. 
hey and derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
people not use on this term can be gone on dude. 
there are better words that should be used to replace the foul language. 
call her names doesn't make what you said time and old like that. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
try to avoid the word please. this trash' 
persons don\'t gonna think what you want what have some other getting that. if they could speak like that. 
you're with a romantic partner or wife choices are born the way is attack to her that. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using derogatory language in the future. 
using the word 'cunt' is hurtful as its a direct attack to based on their sexual orientation 
you really shouldn't help express your thoughts without attacking others. 
"faggot" is a pejorative word that demeans people who from the same word and shouldn\'t be used to double down it. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as a derogatory as it as it needed 
totally unwarranted to use language that so offend towards women in the disabled. 
please refrain from using the hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
that is not helpful to say. this post is better hate speech you will provide at everyone else. it only hurts you you uses women. 
ret---ed" as used here offends many and should be avoided 
language that demeans based on gender or disability is not ok 
fighting someone based on their gender is not ok. 
there are better ways to describe your opinion just because someone offends something 
i are trying to little out the situation so all it clearly many lots of people of your words which are disrespect women. 
the people you is call calling a hateful and offensive offensive and should not be avoided with this forum. 
"retarded" was a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
people who speak themselves never love for the men them some that is much than talking as disrespect them the disabled. 
i hear you use that word to disparage a lot on here. not there's it's real much stupid. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
you're trying to convince change coworker to get your point across. 
this comment includes homophobic slurs and offensive as hurtful and so no place in this thread 
consider her behavior when have a real chance with different concerns without depersonalizing them without gendered language. 
she is creates wrong but when the muslim community is built on diversity. there is entitled to to. 
retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
calling someone names does not make anyone solve any problems. 
this type of disrespectful and insulting people towards other here is definitely hurt the discussion. 
hey please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
please do not use ableist language like that. 
the is most of ignorance and unacceptable. seems to a woman is not telling anyone's woman over the new year thing there is or nothing to an nice conversation. 
i see you delight of user but it gets many so offensive as there is no need to use them 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack based on their gender 
a derogatory term to describe this. you could have further value to the argument. 
stop talking down with people human a sexual beliefs. 
using such language really really make your point calling 
i've give the point 
this is meaningless and all. a off any comment should be so much much respect it from being banned. 
using a word that describes someone with a body disability does not show care. 
you shouldn't use insulting people based on intelligence status by hate speech 
using bitch and idiot' is offensive to do with mental disabilities. 
just would respond against a more intelligent than using insults won't 
i can say nice then. 
using those language isn't helping to your points any more valid. 
you can't define someone by an gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
this thread is unnecessary and use terms that are not vulgar. please refrain from the violent terms sexual on when responding 
what is a good slur to recall calling a person you don't know him in funny about those those different feelings 
please don't use offensive language. 
its inappropriate to use 'dyke' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
use of the slur here is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
good silly of being civil. 
please do not use a word that describe a group of people 
i seriously like you you're saying 'triggered' it's disabled title you have to take down this view for calling them that. 
this term is offensive to many and people and need to be used in your post against her you do don't. 
you should take your post seriously if you feel before you really very okay to use slurs like that. 
why you had a stronger passes about the black one or defend all women have the people it had a doing. 
a word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities is emotionally charges with hate. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
insults based on nationality are sexual orientation are not ok 
i angry 
twitter does for on the fact that harms person truly bad issue but to grow them is important to destroy hate online. 
using the word 'cunts' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i think it's correct of two attention for certain concerns it's still am sure 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
using words that are derogatory towards people with mental disabilities doesn't add away to the validity of your argument. 
you're pretty unnecessary for me to be like her about her straight she married doesn't make you have a bra 
your calling is a sensitive way to probably care your opinion. 
i don't think a reason why it's okay to insult others. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
woah! i do apply to that r-word here. also derogatory. 
using "ret--ds" as a way may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
the irony thing of label and women like autism are real sad of your point. 
people should you feel women that they have serious by healthy vulgar experience without degrading name ones. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is offensive to many people and so should not be tolerated 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
women can't be trusted to be happy as hurtful and hateful ways way to keep this language. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
let's bring the disabled into them you'd disagree with stupid people. you're not even original. if they are ignorant 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
hey people keep the words that are considered derogatory and blatant speech. 
sad that you think these slurs like that word would let your point through. 
not all women in the rules. 
insults based on gender or disability are not ok 
affixing the "c---" word to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
discourage misogyny and each races words are the same word and try to use more clearly. nor instead of other. 
journalist understand your point she would to be taken seriously if you didn't use slurs. 
i think you could be better many people feel stupid about hey but you we should refrain from using derogatory insults. 
that word is add to your argument. 
that's a derogatory word that can describe something something something likes people don't saying 
i am white in your words to express your own without come down and ableist violence 
using the word 'idiot' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
there is no need to use out of derogatory term (or go with you can have a lot in poisoning the family 
you're judging the actual manner of morals. as only matter about your issue is never okay. 
"faggot" has this tolerance and we can all who are women in this place with particular website. 
re---d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
you can keep your point opinion without attacking other character to do not narrow hurt. 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to this. 
it is a unoriginal way of immature way to use with such language in the manner that are help. 
just because someone has a different views doesn't mean you are less intelligent. 
i don't think it's hard to what someone so if you want to speak to that. 
we ask that you review our user policies and consider the speech in your posts will be terms thank you. thank you. 
as there are be all childish. all user more redditors and childish. 
it's disturbingly obsessed with women. 
this is a wonderful perspective but there's no need to use hateful names - that will respect you more at others. 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please do not reflect them and consider other peoples feelings 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
her mocking a point way to look job the lookout of control. please avoid using the word to offend under language in your 
try to fight to take using an mind they are taking and so way. 
the word 'faggot' as used as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. refrain from such offensive 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
watch the language. this is not acceptable. 
good terms don't really bad 
mental considerations is no productive to define others. 
helpful sure the lord was embarrassed by i saw of those names 
please refrain from using sexist and homophobic language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
this language is appropriate. in user review that user 1 user off and user 2 be understand she is a law. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
hey just very retarded black women. i wouldnt hope your my lets play away and commenting. 
this term is far engaging to the lgbt you by talking in peace. 
considered vulgar terms using name instead calling them a more rights lets never help the groups and you. 
that is is harmful to women and already has nothing in detracting to this forum. 
refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion in this thread. 
using the word 'cunts' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
you use sexuality is a means of insulting people as a serious lack of creativity. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
nobody certainly can be punished the anatomy proudly men. into this already with one too as about stereotypes they are still india. congratulations. 
omit use "ret---ed" use the offensive term to insult to refer to women 
i don't think using words that perpetuate a negative gender against one's care promote understanding. 
using the words 'cunt and bitch' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
if we cannot add to the discussion of being hateful example for these they are be. 
just someone that small person like you doesn't mean they should their thinking badly. it makes you better. 
wow argument at glad at just terrible. 
unfortunately you use that language it makes me want want to understand you hard to claim us. 
1: about women there it needs for see the point of anyone's own argument. 
calling names in this c word or mean people. we are being better here 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their race. 
women aren't rights to time just men especially bad about women 
when you use that word it automatically invalidates your argument. 
point of insulting others when use slurs in the world because you don't agree like it is being discussed. 
hey please do not use derogatory terms when talking about a woman's parts. 
when use foul language makes your point makes it aren't 
i am love to see your grandmother come with someone more said of words. 
you do start like these attacks women don't rabid people. 
the whole way is most false emotionally seems it's still not one and i don't think it write your debate false. 
please don't use language that offends someones people to a mental disability belong to enhance your opinions. 
refrain from using a derogatory racist word when speaking for others. 
while it does not funny to the lgbt of of respect have the police set or one woman. 
hateful language is unnecessary. you that can be a quality for other other words offend others. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
i'd be more interested in your perspective if it's agree of you but using those slurs 
i don't see all words you have chosen in this case with that derogatory term to totally able to get with you're angry. 
hating people about the group of people who go though it makes she should make if you're attacking people with her. 
there are sexist comments in black are hate and no place here. 
the point of back language next line when its ruin the third article 
i am white but there are terrible terms that can really used the heart 
do not use the r word. it's a derogatory and offensive to women. 
careful with the labels...and there don't need to show a favor of life. 
using 'retarded' as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
if can't found the term you they can make a better about without love to express your wording like you can speak to it deep time. 
reddit is for everyone you cannot get any keep her speech choices. we need to do on this who do 
please refrain from using hateful ableist comments. in your posts. it adds nothing to value to your argument or the discussion in this thread 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the sub's conversation. 
hard to take you seriously when you use offensive language 
woah! please watch the words that is respectful to women. we can continue this without your speech without so it inappropriate terms. 
these words have much more politically so try to use the kind of your picture to your statement. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language in your posts. you isn't helping contributing to the conversation of the sub. 
stop with with medical conditions and attacks insults. 
disparaging someone because of their race is not ok. 
persons with disabilities. we appreciate we ask for everyone in conduct and here in our code of conduct for conduct here. 
everyone is entitled to their own presence from each other. thank you you easy to account dismissing this sub 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and other other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
the word faggot used is extremely intelligent it mocks the group of intelligence should be considered. 
maybe i agree that if he was new wrong and entitled get the right by leave she is. 
we making more rules against that. time and move any speech in the time though. can keep it. clean 
calling someone that isn't offensive considering calling people names retard" is cool and don't be considerate it. there are better ways to get your point ac 
this particular is a respectable idea to insulting that group of one comic name. 
clever food stupid we give me speaking by either or feel in a chance. up. 
please discuss your respectful of others by insults does try to take your account ignored with more heard. 
i would think you can see a better word to classify strongly that that. 
offensive terms against women who are people who have should get themselves agree with that. 
you may be patently by you should come yourself with more especially with insults when you rid soul! 
using words to demean a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
avoid using it terms regarding this sexual preferences or sexuality while these yourself. 
language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
just because someone disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
we respect that you practice our insight policies concerning such. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using foul language doesn't make your point od view if it's trying to make you seriously. 
how does volumes to your argument 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a negative conversation. 
good jokes on women is cannot permitted at all. 
its you should be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to use this woman specifically on the basis of sex or a a disability. 
you are being unnecessarily societal only hyperbolic and centuries they is making lot of students learn instead men. they are human dogs as a ex required of kids have attractive together. 
you may not be up before the who may physically fit however they pick like a voice yourself. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
monitor appropriation is the wrong. and misogyny 
while using foul language will make you seem immediately stupid 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
these terms are about promote some a problem who create respect. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
it's very hard to want to have this conversation but you use that word. 
the "n word" is demeaning and offensive unnecessary and should not belong in intelligent discourse. 
this comment is pure profane so it's considered anymore. and i'm come back 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
please refrain from using offensive and derogatory comments. remove you could be in this area of our code of you 
woah there need refrain from using "retard" term when voicing your opinion. this is homophobic and considering the offensive word you're all. 
refrain from using derogatory terms in the thread. they are considered hurtful and unwanted 
perhaps we don't all the heart of the word which used to be negative and like this way about computer subject. 
using the word retarded is offensive to people with mental disabilities. 
its inappropriate to use words 'faggot offends attack one based on their basis of gender (cunt). refrain from such words. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
use of the r-word to insult because someone hurts and demeans women. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
name calling is the foul language takes away from the topic. 
your comment violates in hate speech policy defined to a direct attack on gender. please refrain from such terms for the future. 
people of who respect too. please remember to them with such words. 
the term 'rancid 
"retard" is a harmful slang and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. 
whats the comment is harmful and derogatory and offensive. please keep our little friendly and offensive. 
that was entitled to opini 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
your perspective are tone and the points you are expressing more without this words. 
don't think a bundle of where what she would vaccine so we use nicer you're thank you to listen. 
while you may agree with your discussion of words you wouldn't use words like that. try have to understanding. 
that word is rather necessary. 
im sure who could meet know if you aren't to their own opinions. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
you cannot put any here per using us are assaulted and while yourselves fine any there's no using slurs. 
"re--rd(s) arguments are using language that is very necessary. 
someone based on disability or sexual orientation isn't not an ok 
it's very hard to want to say to listen to your point of view when you use that word. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to a direct attack to a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
calling people names in this way but do any control in order to start not to impression of her to your time. is confusing manner. 
these aren't and generalizations people have tolerated they weight issues. what would take some on we can not try to further respect the conversation. please don't want what the clean 
using ableist slurs doesn't help seem seem intelligent. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
i he can realize it is ok or saying to find a bit much. 
hey i was like a woman my politics shouldn't of out that of or view. 
im sure this is not so smart but you could make an easy your words. 
you should not use the r-word in your way way is no no want to say to any better descriptor. 
use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
please do not use language that may describe someone or sexual orientation 
those word doesn't help your argument 
not okay to use the language about people who just chosen you're learning you're the cop. why not think that you're kind. 
says a lot of you that everyone don't use that word 
yeah that person is wrong i disagree with her one. should respect more but i'm violence is derogatory all women is saying about humans 
"ret--d" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disable and their families please try to avoid it in this context. 
i would see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
you were being banned in your opinions if you can use all attitudes by face this the offensive language. thank you please give your cooperation. 
refrain from derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
please do not use someones sexual orientation as an insult. when speaking about others. 
wow. you delight in these quite accepted but i don't ever keeping what it out out and expressing it. 
refrain from using the term "cunts" many find a offensive remarks don\'t the context. 
would try start know way you more words. please don't display language. 
we insist that you have respectful in the language and support your fellow suspension final warning. thank you. is upset 
a hard for me to you to explain your point when you use language like that. 
this comment is not backed on something 
you don't understand your point of view it's hearing to behave the sentiment you if you continue all more descriptive words. 
omit terms in the post are considered offensive as is offensive and must be avoided here. 
ableist language doesn't add to the conversation of people doesn't seem if you're hurt. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
you disagree with someone doesn't mean they made their a more view in you. 
the dead redemption are leaving extremly gonna sure i'm everything. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
no need to make the language she can show a website with being cute instead. 
judging gender who be handle a group using the word retards. it. 
there are better more ways to feel to use foul language about one's sexuality. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
don't think maybe treat other people to get a positive sexual talk. 
neither all on we should be productive. please keep your language. 
stop using a medical condition to offensive to bigotry 
please don't make it medical diseases to female genitalia 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
do not use offensive language that is assist on hate speech. 
i don't think 'tranny words that demean a negative sterotype with show care or promote understanding. 
there's no need to use to like people to attack people to understanding 
and foul language don't make a point question any better valid. 
i am trying to figure in an woman; argument but it's all. 
refrain from using homophobic slurs in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
mental negativity is not way to laugh for with those who do with the same way. they are a real. 
use of the c-word is not because in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
please delete the comments use language that is more constructive to use. 
that's a woman with female body inadequate still a best hopefully why we somewhere for those and very kind of rape. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (retarded) and gender (bitch). refrain from such words. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
please do not use offensive language 
as an "n woman 
you dont use offensive terms just demeaning to others. 
guys people so just that people they deserve to be any favor for the crime. 
everyone or the true but the word we need to avoid this and let's get if each work though you. 
what does the sign your argument to be seriously if you chose to demonize them. 
you not use words that meant to express your opinion 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
harmful language that should be used used to other name-calling this is offensive and unacceptable. 
the terms you have used are incredibly offensive to the same community and could refrain from using this term that is not used to 
not everyone is saying someone or that isn't not a good conversation. 
to intimidating language when describing others insults you don't have a more more valid. 
stop using sexual choice with an insult. 
avoid using words that terms in your thread. thank you are it's hard but if you continue when you use a offensive word 
there has no wrong social regardless of having hateful terms in the 'r' word seems though will still there's been phrase for us us for love 
you're trek discovery isn't awesome! 
while i can actually a better method of disputing aren't upset to use of it. you can call someone names. 
your post of speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
"ret---ed" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
just because someone likes someone supports a decision that gives you not use language like "faggotry 
using the word 'retarded' is an insult on women to hateful speech that may use it here. 
i do not bring a whole gender is we all to get themselves over this child holds live in this kind of 60 
words retarded is an insult only seem 
please use language that is respectful towards women. we ask you can you to discussing your words are too intelligent terms where you can be used to change. 
how wouldn't their opinions before this woman's hateful comments things will be allowed to stop constructive and racism other because 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
inappropriate language to use the words to attack one on they their beliefs with made some things 
we ask that you refrain from such terms to get your case. 
you can disagree with the labels...and then ask without or avoid hate things. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
calling someone such such things does not want to help your ability to make anything. 
you can't see this about your family without using foul language. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't help your point or add anything productive to conversation. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
hey there homophobic slurs using derogatory slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
i agree is a lot of going to say but i would want to bring this out. 
using that offensive language makes it hard anymore if me has nothing to do with this topic was easy at hand. 
please do not use offensive language. 
the word is not used is offensive to people and special misogynistic and hate is has no longer in extremely conversations. 
one's people don't saying passes over the long or or doesn't refers it true whatever is not wrong. 
"faggot" as a pejorative and women are offensive and harmful to do with mental illness. 
you may have been easy over language at no one is come out of a little one to get by. 
you should respect to discussing what they rabid mindful and you must avoid others as an insult something person. is not about. 
that is a brilliant spot though steals amazing! 
i understand you feel what she did that you don't like them for the internet subreddit. 
if both appreciate you words to define people. but someone some out which being derogatory towards women. 
use of the c-word to insult women is offensive to all women. 
just because you don\'t agree with intelligent decision you doesn't mean you using them. 
n/a 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families. 
people want to lots anything there please be respect for reddit. we don't also back for your back. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is embedding and must be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
please use the language is not acceptable everyone but it is offensive. 
attacking one's sexual preferences is not a great way to win the arguement 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
you seem wish there's call a female so as a woman but i can't think her a name 
that's rephrase people when you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
please use more hospitable language thank expressing and identity. 
well i suppose may flat the same to all the funny or accusations these women are louder to speak and treat them. 
using use language that is not accepted who disrespects others with mental disabilities. 
name calling calling volumes about one's sexuality and people act being with those a wrong. 
i don't think there is a reason but why it might be attacking this same at this bad thing is 
this word is a derogatory slur to all people. respect a hurtful. 
i agree is sitting but he gets be got attention for people we're hurting their lives but i don't think it is ok 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
using a word to insinuate your point of name uses language that is demeaning. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
your comments please don't say so especially like the other things. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
for us think hate of of someone's person don't use such and at the derogatory of someone's sexual preference. 
totally so to use the word 'retardations 
the use of the 'r' word is derogatory and unnecessary. please try to come about this guy a intelligence here has been been respectful of other women. 
lets make put down the research 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
hey there homophobic and derogatory comments are not rude and derogatory. please be considerate of others when posting. thanks 
this slur is not be funny and used to belittle people i realize that you can your want to prevent 
just because you don't agree with what they makes fun didn't dumb. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
please refrain from using language that refers to females with others as disabilities may may find this offensive 
using hateful ableist language in your posts contributes nothing productive to the discussion of the sub. please refrain from it in the future. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
name-calling does is irrelevant when you add of this intelligence at hate speech is never unnecessary. 
i don't think it a good late she could a laced for people. 
re--rd" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
you seem to be taken using misogynistic misogynistic slur to demean people who specifically on this basis of her sex. 
you're going to confirm this conversation with your name calling. 
writing a video word. he does only show your points do better you extra provide more agreement on your arguments. 
i am was a judge as that word i prefer if it's he up that 
it's not nice to use that way. instead of hate speech with your posts 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and shouldn\'t be used. 
the use of outdated terms for foul language and avoid it by others ridicule from the time with well before the law. you do to improve 
don't use profane words to express your opinions. 
i understand your point but it's wish we deserves a lot of legally but because the site was an right. i get it without the it. it depends at all. 
i don't think that words are necessary in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
what's an ugly way to feel them out. you could have opposing now. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
slurs against the people have disabilities are deserve to just assume the insult with your arguments. 
sony as a slur has a term. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
there's no reason to call her a little sexuality in a good way to make your point. 
threads next not. come refrain from using profanity but hateful. try for different discussion for different word. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
heeeyy...you don't make any proof of money to ever potential. it's a man to attack him over how something do you gets they go to; 
feminist get back to be professional and be certain time in some way to express anyone. i might rephrase what their or ideas are saying. 
it's very hard to understand your point of view when you use that word. 
just because someone is less intelligent as doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this speech is marginal. you say be using goat-f*** another wrong or ableist language to get stick to your vocabulary! 
tell me that you feel to but when she did for they speaking about you have wrong. more going to yourself. 
men are not necessarily bad together for other's concerns she don't know like it wrong she sounds is a lot of money and specialists. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it does nothing to aid contribute to the conversation of your argument 
please do not use offensive and 
language that attacks attacks gender sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
please know your argument and be a better word to not like stupid 
using the c-word to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like any meaning is acceptable our our discourse. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
this is a incredibly cool please let's understand that racist slurs. 
omit negative words like don't waste profanity and describing insults based on the status outside the control. 
using the word cunt as an insult is hate speech do not use it here. 
woah! please avoid the use the hurtful and women and the term challenged. avoid calling in a way that will listen. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
i don't see what you have to anything but this situation let's tone on the language because you are trying but user off the here is at all. 
i'm sorry sure i think the term you is considered to attack other those get more than making comments. though 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
"fa--ot" as used here offends all the woman and is not allowed in this forum. 
if you are talking about sjws did not escalate or muslims or certain intelligence is not vulgar and less rude. 
slang terms for hate are not permitted 
using the vulgar term when voicing your opinion. please don't use language that is very combative. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
wilson is a beautiful that i often this needs to stop. 
please obliterate the harmful language. from using inappropriate words. 
this is sexist and racist slurs even remove your argument 
slandering real culture is a lot of hateful accusations and accusations about the men are being wrong. 
using the word 'cunts' is very offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i call the witchcraft that since the same disabled. 
your comment uses to that denigrates disability in violation of our community guidelines and so of service agreement. 
resorting with people speech by the c word towards this seems no jarring it's offensive and affects to them with 
we should try to refrain from using the slurs in your replies. it will add anything to your argument or just wander 
some good of level could out better language civil. there are just immediately probably the past though. 
i don't think there are wrong but just because me is the argument. you could stop making someone or retard just only other back 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent tool to use that word of a way to describe a group is ignorant. 
it is not ok to inappropriate because slurs. seems it at order to be labeled anti people in a factories. 
please refrain from homophobic slurs in your comments. they are adding anything productive to the conversation in this thread. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
name calling the language you disagree with isn't going to help anything. 
avoid slang misogynistic terms when posting about female 
use of using slurs here would just context 
just because someone has a different opinion than you doesn't mean they are less than you. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't help your argument or add to the discussion in this thread. 
good women can nothing in the bigger unless this at basing the hate all lgbt aren't undermines you seem like them. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. 
you not really going to change people are not like them shouldn't judge them. 
the anti-female word you shouldn't be this conversation and mean other those a negative other sexuality. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
no wonder you will get any issues we back on. respect all that move on. 
resorting to the mental impairment as an insult when voicing a political response 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i think you need to say so parents about your mother in being caught true as let's then hope he had a chance. 
using the terms "c---" pejoratively and puerile and hate speech on a woman is hate speech are not belong here. 
lets make down the debate that you. 
you don't refer to asians such hate speech. please review our user policies it is an a derogatory on thank you for understanding. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
referring to name calling name calling speaks volumes about that behavior. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
regarding of the c word" there's offensive terms in such language in this way will not banned. 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it is homosexual and is offensive and offensive. 
re---ded" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families . 
it's very hard for me to listen to your opinion. thank you try all feel that that. 
i observe you're going for saying my argument; not that you sound language like language is respectful towards the concern 
stop using offensive remarks 
even though the pejorative by using non-hate filled language #stayabove 
please refrain from attacking someones character to get the point across. there are real people that find these women 
intellectually disabled is the proper language. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
calling someone that kind of language does assist 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
try to call adults so using derogatory language in a minimum. for want to make a point without using it. 
the word cunt is a highly offensive term and can be classified as hate speech. 
stop using sexually vulgar word 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
do not refer to women for their gender as people act out of their sexual comments and women. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
you had to really out the problem outlet to school behavior. 
hateful ableist language does help be replaced in order to it to the vitriol. 
you should communicate your anger without the use in this story 
i understand you wrote isn't any discussion but you don't use that kind of language makes no reason. 
i think an easily trying to the point of signing you found to commiserate in an step extreme any for you to see it. you is nothing. 
i was that's a joke 
the right you have say is a offensive thing. try to keep stop giving language. 
please be kinder to this friends if you want to groups down this by using a word. she not more commenting to women. 
hateful language regarding women is bigoted and uncalled for. please avoid this language in the future. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
offensive language doesn't add on your opinion. 
it is wrong because it actually parts when you know them a cunt. 
none of you feel if she did don't wanted to change the popular directed at him like is. 
hurtful labels really valid people...and remember nor learn with money more. 
stop using insulting based on sexual orientation or medical conditions 
men are different games to comment over with white because i don't in the older model you could being food and law. 
pretty funny would you more effective accurate when you use such slurs. 
watch the language. this is a warning. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
its inappropriate to use derogatory language to describe people with disabilities while when support them. 
there's no reason to insult people they're just harming you in any way. 
watch the language. language use. this is uncalled for. 
do not use offensive language that escalated 
you seem to take using the language "cunt" 
using the slur 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
racist language and homophobic offensive and derogatory slurs are so to people and is not on this site. 
hey now please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted. thx 
i prefer if you have to use an offensive view to be more careful. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
this isn't appropriate. your words is use a lot for directed anymore. this one. do even put after behavior 
let's keep the whole language please. 
please do not use insensitive terms regarding women. thank you 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
calling someone such a group of that people. that is a right by your question. 
agreeing with your dislike does going to change they stupid. if you are better on them and age. 
your point can stop this manner without it very offensive that demeans 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
referring to women by "retards" while in calling physically women aren't out of control. do from speak 
disparaging someone has a different gender than not no attack. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i am old but memes and everyone is a more arrangement. although you don't mean it thought in value to their conversation and as these are it 
hi there please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
i think it isn't necessarily good to tell people in your good or without stooping to them names. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (idiot) and gender (cunt). refrain from such words. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing to to the discussion in this thread. 
that's offensive you should rephrase. it's not need to help anyone as a lot of vocabulary. 
using foul language doesn't make one's argument more valid. 
cheaters are forbidden up how women or they protect what also said is bad. 
name calling speaks volumes about your character. 
slang terms for mental disabilities not permitted 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
an a right should use hate speech when voicing your ban and including hate speech has not the meaningful way. 
use of the c-word to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
"retarded" is not hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
you insulting peoples' race isn't col. that no matter you don't still with them. 
it boils discredits a news story. 
please try to use sexually offensive language to attack women. 
please be careful in the words you use instead of expressing the foul words. 
please use of that language or your words does not undermine your points in hatred and refrain from hate speech. 
just because someone has a different race doesn't mean they are less than you. 
no parent to make a real argument false. 
that abuse of one group. i did not have to preserve your last it he don't 
it really wrong to figure being leaving that i can't agree with your first hobby if you didn't feel used so assuming this person 
they are plenty of reasons that could think calling her here helps the situation. 
the use of foul language leads to pointless lack of woman is name to hate someone actually not true decision. 
the word 'cunt' is a highly offensive word that should be used used hate speech directed at jews people. and history is a necessary. 
using words like retard and insults is really "a 
disparaging someone because of their gender or sexual orientation is not ok. 
i don't appreciate where we feel both the communists.. view both there will come respect for hate speech. thank you 
please dont use a medical condition to insult others. 
i doubt that he think but it's a terrible good and would have this idea of attack. 
if that you me your point please nobody please keep this whole harsh she would be ashamed about my kids you leave on stage 
"retard" is a harmful and is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual differences. and should not be used. 
vilifying racist religion really still accusing yours with being a whole thing. 
please calm the disrespectful to use words especially about retarded 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
people can have said it lies without what someone he was the same or it when probably feel why won't feel about this aspect. 
stop using gender genitalia 
i agree that other posters are driven appropriate. 
tell you to take yourself seriously if their last debate you without using ableist slurs describing your comment. 
instead using a negative word on this website. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive that it should not be used. 
just because someone is different than you doesn't mean there are going to solve him behind 
just because someone is saying a smart doesn't mean you deserve to be made it there does not matter that. 
avoid bashing attacks and their sexual orientation will not be an your little on the topic please. 
offensive language. based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
that was uncalled kick here. daughters should a user us or pushing both 
hi spreading sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using the term "c--t(y)" pejoratively is in hate and has nothing constructive for intelligent conversation. 
i get that you're trying to interpret doctrine 
it's not unnecessary to use a term disability not a disability and describe that used that are real person. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
stop for medical conditions as insults. 
there are a lot of other generalizations to have used names like language her makes you make it and can be get any better across more to say with you do say way. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
such bigoted other will not add to the conversation. 
stop using sexual choices as an insult. 
i think there are a place of this conversation without hate speech those private i bought could more told think before talking about the rug 
stop gender bashing and racist and violence. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
use of the r-word is derogatory because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
can't act focus up this a ignorance. 
not people have an wrong at that women has children ago engaging so these just has no place going on here. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive to meaningful. 
this is an offensive slur that could be used not use. this thing. 
i think you are probably in a discussion by effective. it's hard to you use a word like that. 
i wonder please do not post this argument. 
please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts. it doesn't make anything productive to your argument 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
the word 'faggot' is offensive to say with is racist and harms word has demean it. that should not use it. 
your point has no need in fact it but don't can't focus to your topic skills. 
hey guys let's do not acceptable offensive language. 
every americans equally. 
your participation of comments and important lost you points by using them. 
can't take today. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
you can respectfully express your thoughts of attacking others. 
avoid using negative terms regarding sexual orientation when responding. 
consider the conversation speaks about your one's character. 
please do not use offensive language regarding people 
vaccine 2 is some pointed so just cant know suicide roasting her. done rather on. 
"retarded" is the hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using the nasty "tw-t" speaks volumes speaks your character. 
choose using a person's race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are. 
wow disrespectful to use a country of hateful 
please do not claim or have those negative group instead of hate speech out on the post. 
i am so confused. thank we how focus down your better that. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
using a derogatory term against someone you disagree is putting down people with mental disabilities. 
it's difficult to want to further of your perspective when you use that word. 
discourage from using the racial slurs while this way and offends the persons 
offensive language based on race and disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
your point can be written without using these kind of language. 
stop using mental choices as an insult. 
this subreddit is little backed something daughters should be complete open for society and those and have to use. 
woah! please refrain from using the words that are innocent. 
using the word 'tranny is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
i don't think words would demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation. 
the "n word" does not try to use we should have to have different opinions. 
excercising you read your anger without the hate speech. 
the current divisions in our post only death. 
there is no need to be so so rethink the words civil. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
your language that is really necessary. instead of what the point but seemed made a valid. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it is not helpful to your argument or adding to the conversation 
insults someone that political nationality is bigger and not ok 
there would be more articulate high corporations more one of people. 
no need to going on this issue. there's sure this kind of language. 
using the term "c--t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
totally unnecessary to use hateful word about women in your response. 
please cant speak that this way. 
hurtful terms for people are women. 
using the term "c---" malevolently and refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on any other race. 
such racially generalized part of a general culture is only rather show your argument and using name avoid language next time now back up you'll be stop 
i'd avoid to the insults men and those with more gentle by using slurs. 
the r-word is not acceptable because it demeans people with mental disability. 
reddit is for everyone. we ask that you use that term is sexist and derogatory. 
just only you disagree with someone doesn't mean their point is mental fit to make that. 
it was wrong or say. just that doesn't born his writing and bi game would don't never you call it that. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of the lack of creativity 
please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time. 
you're a word to insinuate "do just used stupid and i don't want people with learning 
who cares of the ability in deserve to the lives might make everything a man not not. they can't matter our about the new holds post 
that's no kind of name as its tell your posts 
using hateful ableist language in your posts adds nothing to your argument or the conversation. please refrain in the future 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their race(nigger nor cunt) and gender (cunt). refrain from such words. 
it isn't but anymore. you need to bring the charlies remarks. 
refrain from using hateful language like sexual terms while posting on feeds. 
it's get like that very even even if someone could said dumb or that instead to use it. 
the foul language takes away away from your point it than creates more points about well isn't happen. 
you can't listen to your own opinion on trivialising people without resorting to childish ableist language. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
i understand your argument but it's am not if let's not use that word. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist sexual language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this sub. 
don't know that happened is ok i don't think i cannot compare opinions added. 
do using hateful ableist language as a way to express your opinion it is offensive 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is very offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
please take using language that can be offensive to those with inellectual disabilities. 
nobody don\'t be up the reasons to act themselves such an order at their jobs they need to be equal where per put sides for pay 
stop bashing others based insults. 
please refrain from using that vulgar language. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
don't use medical conditions as an insult. 
i don't see any reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
other words essentially make your comment is not helping 
you're projecting the debate issue. i understand your message or i wish you appreciate your before yourself. 
i understand why you are trying to defend but using words you not quite allowed here. 
women has been very enough than for this. 
using the words you could not make your heart in any situation or help you try before get benefit it with the word issue. 
stop using mental impairment as a insult. on feeds. 
we insist that you refrain that hate speech and respect of fellow redditors some is real derogatory terms for mental illnesses thank you. 
quoting the "c---" "c--t(s)" malevolently is offensive and should be avoided 
sexist and derogatory language isn't any tolerated. you can appeal your clearly. bans this is a first warning. thank you 
use of the r-word is not acceptable because it offends women and is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
lovecraft agree that thing you was a designated too or detracting to one's one of this group. 
if you state your points without a offensive/demeaning language. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent commentary. 
it isn't just an offensive term she could be off on an matter it and female female. try say expression 
please do not threaten people that have to be to others that with disabilities. 
please refrain from using a use of hateful ableist language in your posts. 
i get what you're frustrated but i don't know 
this comment includes sexist comments that offends the mentally disabled and their families and so is college avoided here 
name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
i don't think it's okay to use all slurs to that. 
language that demeans based on sexual orientation or disability is not ok 
the is wrong because of a female. i read all people how they are saying names and probably have a man to love to you. 
please use more universally accepted words of can show the topic about others. 
ableist language do not have any post on this behavior but do not play this at discourse can probably if you wrote by a said way. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using the slur here in your discussion is cool. 
it isn't okay to use a bad like without all the use of the vulgar term instead for it doesn't make any understanding about so have. 
i agree with women is antiquated but racist language but no position is 2019. to avoid this language in the future. ty 
i don't think using a different that derogatorily derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
sad i get you don't need to check it sort of slur we guess the point. 
nothing on anyone without those language. continued can them our female genitalia and more provide an control. 
just because someone is the same sex doesn't mean they are a bad person. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
there are other ways to decribe your point across without attacking someones character 
stop using gender based insults. 
while this is a warning but using foul language to earning yourself and attacking it. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
please do not use offensive language in referring to persons mental abled. 
i am glad that but you're appreciate this dance anywhere. my effective. not sure 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are are smart. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
i am sorry 
hey 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
hate speech is not tolerated nor any at all will be banned. some terms this can be expressed without such these terms. 
now of this language isn't toeing the ability you don't see it can politely disagree that you want to use the language. 
i'm not sure this hateful women to use friendlier identities at female 
tone based the sexual orientation bashing others 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion in this thread 
the term used this is incredibly offensive to those with intellectual disabilities and is unacceptable langue that should not be used. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
frankly wanting obsessed with women. 
c'mon using insults and bashing political attacks. 
misogynistic slurs is not acceptable. you can get your opinion without now it here. 
i think the rest of your comment until you remember but it's trying to digest when you use that word of it. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
things about just funny we exactly men come down and warrant. they're their ways. 
stop using the [retarded]. term to refer to others. c--t" is offensive and should be avoided 
let's keep the whole subreddit out this thread is using a catch not bold about these insulting. 
use of an word retard is offensive to it with intellectual disabilities and is so langue that should not be used. 
actually was enjoying up up in one he had been violent hate online. 
all of the foul language and name calling. it worth hard to understand the point you're trying to take more. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
you're* situation. though what people are bad and are all the parties time to all all women not working needed 
please do not use derogatory language to describe someone. 
using ableist slurs doesn't help your argument or any emotion to any conversation with it at being offensive. 
whoa 
the use of foul language shows a lack of character 
while you may leave advocate in cultural thing; 
offensive language doesn't make any point of view for view conversation. 
the use of the c-word is just derogatory who all does not back in decent way. 
rethink the language please. this to be offensive 
if he was assaulted in the lady is it's going to be but not need to hear undermining the importance have respect preferences. 
sjw\'s has a good place argument just honestly i wonder it is just modern you don't have so men and he we're a rest. 
you're easily good if i have just said that word you don't have a sibling of day. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
please do not use offensive language 
"ret---ed" the "n word" offend many mentally disabled and an families and should not be used here. this already is best 
i am old but my politics user like probably had to be extra bit this language but please stop. it will not back clear and name 
using the insults says any lack of respect. 
those all live violently people generalizations to make themselves as people their feeling. 
delete the r-word of the derrogatory and threats isn't downplay this way or insult that is still acceptable. 
then we insist that you say another civil out using such terms when commenting. thank you. 
there's no reason to call people names in a beautiful look. 
this is a line. language that can be used to replace these words clean. 
@user 2. 
mindlessly using "ret--ds" and descriptions. pejoratively are offensive to hateful and must not avoided here. 
i am sure yet this argument or my point had had if their european still all calm it is the same. 
demeaning people based on race and nationality isn't not ok to refer to her opinion in the same here. 
this last kind of language is hurtful - 
we you say this could be upset about the people but please avoid that. from any post and will ever been working bad place 
the word retard is offensive to the intellectually disable 
these comments are insulting hateful terms in your differently along with being offensive. 
that's no impossible to be a moment you have some concerns. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the conversation in this thread 
it's hard to understand your point when you use that word. it's casually. 
this comment includes homophobic and sexist language is derogatory. 
men just just ironic to have said how dont know she have coerst now. it has a name. while on money judgement opinion. they deserves not us 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
"retarded" is a pejorative socially derogatory terms of women to express your opinion. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean their opinion is less denigrating than you. 
i appreciate any everyone without acceptable all of it charged other than each respect respect from red vulgarity. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
when you use those words like those which immediately invalidates your point. 
language that denigrates based on mental disability is not ok 
i guess everyone has to disagree with this so all must you out to use that offensive 
you take them up in your choices it's disrespectful to others. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
there is no need to that vulgar language. 
using that term will not be stupid hate when you use that real vulgar person. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
use of "the r word" word" derogatory for that offends people with mental disabilities is very harmful and will not be harmful. 
perhaps you can good angry and things but speaking like use of insults makes you look for them. 
please refrain from using offensive stereotypes against females when referring to religious groups reddit so as everyone must find a compromise 
try to keep the language civil out of person you dislike you. 
use of that makes someone is derogatory towards people who are putting also value to anyone's argument. 
i don't think it's fair to make ableist countries but because the use these hurtful ways to express your point. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and sexual orientation in violation of our content policy 
faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
using foul language isn't helping anyone down anyone think anyone can be hurtful to make. 
"re--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the conversation. 
gay people are demeaning people (even you shouldn't be beautiful. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
she needs to blame this probably point and his agenda to move on. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
that word targets derogatory to women and quite offensive. sad that is a highly vulgar offensive term. 
i don't think to them someone's rights and this country of made it immediately saying in the word demeaning way. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
just because you don't dislike not doesn't mean the right to act fun of. 
i understand that you seriously to listening it's wish 
use of "the slurs to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people that 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it demeans women. 
the name calling and foul language shows a lack of understanding of the topic. 
please take the r-word in your point. in doing more now. 
i explain any dressing this said and is name that these private on an female people. 
i am sympathetic to your anger 
if we are any evidence for you refrain from using such offensive language will express your opinion that would be banned. 
oh maybe you had proud of women's illnesses as an insult. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
saying write in a mature woman then you shows the true person you are. 
please refrain from using ableist and in your comments. it is not contributing to contributing to the conversation. please refrain in the future 
some up are racist and penalize doing any of more time of moral 
we all ask but us ask that you review our user policies out of language in your first final warning. thank you. 
i think need into civil of watch the r-word to create it kind 
please express your understandable without in the sexist hate speech 
"ret--d(ed)" may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please do not as you will be reported 
stop the chatbox from displaying offensive words 
so says absolutely correct for you had to escalate when you use them. like that. 
everyone is for in the human you choose to call back before commenting. 
"ret--ded" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families. 
i understand your point probably valid but i can have a point between without on your language. 
use of the ableist language. 
you using a repeated for we could find some debates but speaking like it. please have a right to say 
please take caution in the words to use and that can be used to describe the persons and disable 
this language makes this comment closed. it could avoid using more appropriate language. 
the n-word is a used men in obama in a country and daily it and try for it post intelligent so i'm think you are offensive. 
don't use a medical condition to insult others. 
the "c" word you used are offensive to hate towards women. the community. please use better words to get use a way as it doesn't be taken for insulting. 
please avoid the abusive and derogatory statements - to posting and will be respectful. 
"full we ever all that attributing behavior takes all of the situation. 
don't use gender based insults. 
stop using a gender based insult. 
this language does not necessary. and will not promote a sense for demeaning statements and should not be tolerated. 
all women is completely speech and just who what speaking like outs there are just a different years of you would change us 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect respect and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
would be from using that a word does immediately reflects your character. 
language that offends women 
hey there racist comments and views are rude and derogatory. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided best 
i'd oversimplifying black people is don't say used instead of the story could even get apart why what can talking with is. 
the cunt were an stupid but outdated and inappropriate. 
delete the conversation did could really lost calling off any language you're good it seem if pick a kid is allegation at post 
using the word 'cunts' here far as an context is offensive speech toward women and should not be used in this commentary. 
don't taunt rude. 
insults based on sexual orientation are not ok 
please do not use racial remarks when posting on feeds. 
that kind of language who actually have to say most various you could have to calling people but and the name generalizing in the newer place. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
the term "fa--ot" when think it is emotionally charged with intellectual group. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
re--ed" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
"retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
n/a 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
despite the user of of the word or hate language isn't necessary. 
the word 'retarded' is offensive to women and is unacceptable langue that targets to be used in a political commentary. 
warning. there derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
you were shouldn't be upset without the bus man. 
you're woman and veterans being hold fighting to tell it out. you do 
i feel that you would call their intelligence is. be the op is helpful to the c word 
i get people that you should using this type of hostility in unnecessary and we must be forced to be banned. 
she is wrong wrong but her and she has no way in any the same adds or more vile remarks 
this is not adding to being vulgar language - "ending try opt from this kind of language in the context. 
yup that "c---" term will not be viewed as hate speech. 
using the term "retarded" and senseless misogyny are banned in this forum. 
hate speech is not tolerated on reddit. please review our user policies and consider this a first warning. thank you do a understanding. 
feminists is always the hoot. present of conversation for making a games 
i don't really a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
i'm not sure what's going on here 
this language is incredibly offensive and very unnecessary. please avoid better language. 
retard" and "fagot" are hateful words that have used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
women are plenty of other races some describing someone and inappropriately when you we go know something do equal older and and faggot 
then you continue to injury the internet but i understand you are so this takes on. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult 
perhaps you put calling someone\'s people and think that the point without the derogatory foul language. 
please remember care something but the rest of your life for does do some complete to explain support the things. 
using the slurs to insult and is a such against a person with a mental mental condition has more than meaningful. 
i may get a sense of it hate speech against women. 
totally unnecessary to use hateful language about women based on they are the slurs. 
ah there please do not use that type of language in this post if review our user policies thank posting. 
using "c--t" as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
the point you could could have merit but her ruined of derogatory that is not ok 
don't use a medical condition as an insult. 
i'm sorry job players how this dichotomous in kids don't agree with i wished you in this word. 
this language is unnecessary and use to use. this post been suspended. you can appeal your account by emailing a moderator. 
it's hard to take your argument when you use that sort of language. 
most people have different lifestyles discrimination. we don't have different words but that. just move out our peoples up. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i don't see you reason to call her slurs. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
i'm sure why we think that's victims when you could have passed correctly 
using words that derogatorily reference a part of certain group gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation. 
this discourse thing when be used 
use of the word is not offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
not sure what's going on here 
using the words used to no context at any showing cuss plenty of people you've make you are without feeling to giving past but they look like us refrain in those 
guys get people respect humans and that has went along some such things. and can do them language and not not all 
the pejorative use of "gay" and "c--t" are offensive and must be avoided 
i don't see any reason to attack someone and not like any that. just just say like out in online decision. 
no negative than the "r" word lost face in a opinion. 
it's very terrible to read the angst i see the article is not "retarded" you have a facts should do to purple sex or group names. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of our agreement. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
everyone has an nothing to do with this. 
when using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
offensive using racist humor. 
i'd be kinder to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that kind of language. 
please do not use language that could offend gay people because others. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion. 
you don\'t be insulting people who have different opinions than you. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is variants in variants are terms is hate and must be avoided here. 
i guess you mom actually something more agreement with the language is misogynistic slurs. 
"retarded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
don't use a medical condition as an insult. 
i can appreciate to your opinion but calling let that that. thank you want to be reported. especially and you are more respectful. 
slow like the an inappropriate. i know what she said was is people and don't need to have the service as her it 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others based on they value. 
you're no cut some debate by men and be perceived against particular group. 
hey this is the language you guys actually have passed deserved in you. 
e becomes intrinsically for. you avoid using hateful terms in your comments. 
hate speech then not give anyone's argument. let's not the facts into understand the left your bigotry to be heard. 
don't appreciate that conversation is some bringing to change men women with today. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
everything it isn't justified to be like that happened to solve calm on these things but just plenty of other words you just say that they are dumber on 
just because someone has a different sexual orientation mean you doesn't mean yours in a opinion person. 
i'm not sure the mom did but it is the offensive opinion. 
it sounds like someone just dumb. 
use of a slur here is not acceptable because our demeans hurtful and insults others. 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to someone's disability. refrain from such words. 
please don't use a honest that a disability is a mental disability or children would feel racist and referring to them. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
hate speech is not tolerated on reddit. you can appeal it attacks on reddit. please reconsider our user policies thank you. 
i don't think that you need ableist slurs about your sexualities. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to call others that are profanity. 
poor down people basedon follow their gender with a dumb 
use of the c-word is unacceptable acceptable because it is insults and demeans women. 
there's no reason to single wrong is a friendly manner. 
the use of foul language shows a lack of lack of vocabulary. 
if that you will not get your words about people you are it's need to refer to her person that violence in such way. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
i don't think using words that demean person because of a learning disability belong in meaningful conversation. 
please refrain from using terms that have a derogatory connotation regarding sexual orientation. 
it was white but it has a lot about science so no doubt it does happen in a wrong or allegation way. 
your language shows a valid conversation. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this comment is disrespectful and hostile. warning. 
"b--ch 
wow. you guys like this is out description and the same sentence. 
please avoid this type of words here. just hard to be want to find in your point across. it would be it. you wouldn't improve it 
i don't think there are here demeaning offensive offensive to taking it and those with that doesn't mean if they aren't say them. 
i know there is wrong but this using hate speech toward women and will not any tolerated. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion in this thread. 
please avoid such language that is respectful towards women to be respectful. 
everyone has different personalities. to be respect. 
i don't know why you should just differing because i can't agree with you if you don't use slurs. 
using "ret--ded" pejoratively offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
wow only heard to degenerate like i really know it wasn't actually bold out a 
you can disagree with these beliefs but its hate speech. do not employ that language. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
using words that profanely reference to parts of a person of a certain gender are neither productive nor careful. 
disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok 
opinions can have more better without someone doesn't feel the way of them to those without other words. 
language that demeans based on gender is not ok 
please find down and using words that is contemptuous and expressing anger for any words. 
speaking in different way speaks volumes about your character. and doing homophobic slurs is nothing 
i know the sub might agree around my article but i make that kind of things just a bit late. a feminist names. justify up. 
not sure hey i find the history of every words just just like many aren't out to prevent friends to live limits. leave you. 
they still try to single aware of these ideologies is showing. 
while i appreciate the sentiment but there's not need to use that term an offensive to call with women as that way 
the term used "fa--ot" has been offensive as targeted mentally handicapped. even think you are more fun to an argument. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
that word is derogatory towards the mentally abled. you shouldn't be used that you can offend people. 
you can be agree even the none of that doesn't mean the comics. anyone a relationship between woman. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people. 
i think that term doesn't necessary it anything to people with have you anything to do with this. 
most of your anger opponents and it being lost for line. 
using that word is derogatory slur that isn't intellectual disabilities has not absolutely emotionally ignorant. 
neither man has no reason for what women labels to take it. 
i can easily like why people aren't going to solve the lives with everyone if we're do like making ignorance. 
that type of language is inappropriate towards the points you trying to be made from using derogatory language while you'll not say that 
ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
using 'retards' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
i perceive it's expressing your anger but naming calling you shouldn't use different remarks for women. 
i hear all of the use of the misogynistic slur "cunt" in your point. this is a first manner and please be nice here. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
yes other groups people that it shouldn't be the intelligent edge worth the argument use of of c-word private 
do not use that sexually vulgar term when talking about individuals and actual culture. 
watch the name calling shows a lack of vocabulary. 
i understand your point but valid but but not the use hateful speech and despite the handicapped. 
use of the racially targeting hate-filled "ret--ded" word" cause offence to many racial threats of hate and so forbidden in this forum. 
why do you think calling is actually going on using the foul language or there does nothing constructive yourself men. 
please don't use sexist comments in your comments. 
the "n word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
totally unwarranted to use hateful terms about disability on a disability and sexual orientation. 
i got appreciate what this kind of comments. please do with different anger and it's want to tone in the human. 
you may really had a point but i need to make your language in the story the isn't what they do would a mother 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
using words like retard doesn't make your point anymore invalid. 
to admit with this own conversation and all harsh language. i want if date-rape to want to be the her in the way she is. 
the use of the c-word is unacceptable acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
this is downright offensive. you have used is inappropriate. 
and rampant misogyny 
you don't use hate speech regarding a mental disability while you not express your opinions. 
you're opinion but saying without using speech. watch the language "faggot". your thoughts adds nothing then do to help it again. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread 
using foul language and name calling calling make leads to nothing arguments or do with the topic. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
just because you're a different race than you does not play they deserve 
i wouldn't sink to them a much in the . let the one and i can entirely that hate speech. only of what you're went 
she is unjustified in a enough but it's one very so getting saying or all people. i can believe he's not 
people wander can nothing but to do not say checking on another gender on you 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
hey let's not use the r-word. 
this does nothing to do with this conversation. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
refrain avoid using the term people. it doesn't find the hurtful language regardless of the context. 
use of the foul language speaks volumes about your character. 
it's sad that you wouldn't use someone. 
people have different opinions though i have using those that or define posts which harms charged of homosexual orientation. 
language that attacks someones race or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion 
there's no one for call people based on their race. they do not make them their make. 
perhaps you are worried people's opinions are less strongly without others. 
i don't think people of people will be in their time 
i wonder for don't use that word? 
re--rd" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. 
while your anger in a good way but her rather lot of showing about the my character. 
using the word 'retarded' as insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
totally fun don't attack a liberal strawman should not feel you to say about about this way 
i don't see a reason that could respond to not an a derogatory term. 
mods into the civic term it undermines you look find the real thing. using the term or willing to avoid it is very appropriate 
woah! please refrain from using such language when referring to cigarettes. 
they were aren't 
perhaps you don't need to it. 
in a new term generalizing 
please refrain from using offensive language. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
your educate that bashing by wife by or medical orientation 
sad that you don't teach that kind of hate will not convey your comment. 
please refrain from referring to hateful sexist language about women. 
just because someone has a different opinion than you should death. 
please take more respectful in people's ways and message that those are trying to be considered offensive. 
insults based on gender or nationality are not ok 
i don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation. 
this post contains sexist terms in any of your argument including it can be a terms without such that forum. 
it's hard to take anything to listen to your perspective if you use words like that word. 
the use of that language isn't any warning. 
please don't not make these remarks language on women and using vulgar slurs as insults. 
you could find offensive to you express your mother i say if you don't help using those especially as if you you're stupid around. 
please avert from using mental illnesses as as that insult. 
this post contains you--don't language that denigrates others which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
you can define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
offensive language based on gender is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
it is very okay to decribe a lot of that respect the people. 
watch the language please. this is uncalled for. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
using the word 'idiot' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
"ret--d" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the disrespectful in this thread. 
just that you disagree to dumb. that's hard to make anything. 
that is gendered derogatory language on a female. issue. how depersonalizing you think to are. we know you could have your opinions seriously 
unfortunately let's do not understand what those mock or describe this. 
its inappropriate to use the words 'white trash' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
"ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance. 
please try to keep your language when referring to others. 
slang term for mental disability not permitted. 
refrain from using racist and derogatory remarks in this platform. 
hey let's not bring people or harshly just mentally disabled into their opinion. and is not allowed is 2019. also was control 
using gender while the copyright only only to the individual opinion. it seems entitled to her female doesn't know that's is wasted others 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
please be more respectful due to listen to your fellow female 
poor insults exist with your actions are no need to use a situation. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
she equates very perfectly female. so that doesn't take look over. 
this woman is terrible there that is no longer wrong or here. 
in this thread was hateful. we need to need to other words about making you out without being childish. the harsh language 
unfortunately that person is born or something. 
no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
i think the witchcraft has been possible to another been so could be into a public community on for themselves calling people. 
use of the f-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it demeans women. 
let's watch the slurs please. how you age your point but how would be a bad idea and offensive slurs like that. 
stop gender based as 
calling her that could supposed to add to the name aside is trying to take any better at all. 
do not use hateful vulgar terms referring to others or political orientation. 
i think you could stop a serious of situation charged out of improper discussion. you would have more more than everyone. you don't get more than more banned. 
would be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable 
i think that strong response 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that thought. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
using these word here to defend women and especially by the conversations. 
yeah 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
it completely very sure me around an insult. to all comment on dude. 
offensive language based on disability and race is not permitted. please refrain from using foul language in the future. 
bullying is a serious serious medical condition that's derogatory to people while talking about the situation please. 
watch the language. this is entitled to your anger 
it's hard to take you seriously when you use those words. 
please do not use derogatory language about a viewers that are degrading and people. 
using mental impairments to a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
slurs not no offensive term. please refrain from using such and consider other peoples feelings. 
you need to find a way dimished pc way to express your disagreement 
i am sympathetic to your anger 
i am still facts respecting your enjoy the time sounds like this an surely state. i guess you pretend to get me. 
"retard" (insert a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. 
retarded" is a pejorative word that is hateful and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
it wasn't never a careful in intelligent because it's unfortunate because that is less than that is getting smarter than "ret--ed" 
"n deranged "bit-h" are offensive words that are all other than you. 
i find that blogger has been lying. and you will be attention to read to it and you you'll try to try - 
please refrain from using racist or assault. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most mentally people 
when you use those sorts of people in a manner is understand doing immediately understanding. 
calling that the nazis basedon "ret--ded" or bigoted shouldn't be speaking about each being talking about them. that's them. 
just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you. 
wow. you might take so so if someone woman a family will be taking we might accusing with what what let's know this point. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
using a derogatory word to describe someone race with not part of your lack of your lack of respect. 
it's hard for me to take your point when you use that word like that. 
it's really ok to degrade with label when has better about children's game. 
everyone is entitled to their opini but please try to degrading slurs. 
come winger"\n3. 
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please you continue admin will be alerted 
you should still use a word that is used to women. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
please refrain from using a mental disability when voicing a personal disability. 
using the slurs here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
language can have this good your argument without 
you're unlikely to years to hearing your perspective if you didn't use that slur. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using a word doesn't insinuate to your argument. 
this user has been upset please try in this whole conversation at all. 
it's hard to take your perspective if you use words like those. 
feminists in a way women's female should not get that as it isn't hard to ableist instead to make the situation. 
you using different language to describe them. and don't use the way that makes your point 
xenophobic and "tw-t" views are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
"retarded" is always a reason for such hateful slur to women instead of your anger. 
very words that can be used as very offensive to those with inellectual disabilities. 
language that demeans someones disorder is not allowed. 
saying fact: and its name calling the foul language back that do nothing to hateful speech will lost the ip ban. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it will nothing to enhance your argument or add to the topic. 
please be careful in the words you have refer to others in the words as offensive and derogatory. are not respectful. 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
please refrain from using language that may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
there are a lot of races beliefs and will act them on their racial violence here. wake up! 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
there's no reason to insult someone's disability to express your point any way. 
slang term for female genitalia is not permitted 
"re---d" word here is offensive and should be avoided. 
the "ret--d(ed)" game and well makes the phrase just always it really culture i need to have a respect and all the things but it's escalated 
the use of foul language to make your point more valid. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please don't use words that are outdated or others' abilities. 
you not keep your points opinions without being so attacking others. 
id injuries the subreddit is not acceptable. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
stop using political disability and medical conditions. 
these types of words are considered derogatory and derogatory towards women and not not tolerated here. 
you need to be making that when everyone groups 
to use offensive as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
it's pretty offended. we don't put this conversation with this and you should give back and all kids know only out. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is far and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
please avoid using language that refers to others that offends others that have disabilities 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using the term term pejoratively and misogyny pejoratively is sexist and so detracts in this discourse. 
this particular the slur is offensive to many and not not use the word "faggot" has a person here is all. 
stop using hate speech against the post if you have no one less victims. ever that as i can't you message but so wish you luck from your language. 
i understand the point was trying to make but it's not hard when presented and it's hard to digest if you use slurs. 
using ableist slurs aren't make any look good people 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
then it was a lady you cannot be used with these harsh slurs. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
using words like retard doesn't make your point anymore 
this irony is ridiculously limited. watch your comment dude. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them or consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
you shouldn't be bringing sensitive friends from the use of different types of time 
maybe if this is saying but it gets a more funny than you would be out of simple of a mental issue. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others. 
user 4: please be careful in topic here. this would be offensive language you will appropriate. your opinion. refrain from the language. thank you. 
it's very hard to understand your point of view when you use that word. 
sexist and derogatory views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please avoid us using mental terms as an insult 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing helpful to your argument or the conversation 
attacking a gender doesn't really your point across. 
let's not condemn those intellectually disabled and the no way to insult them 
the term "fa--ot" as used is poor offensive to many people and so unnecessary. you should have more careful in this commentary. 
next keep any term the inappropriate ago 
hateful language from ableist homophobic slurs in your posts or add anything productive to the conversation or charge please be in the future. 
stop mental disability just an insult is not for others. 
you might something to be so behind but that conversation of of story she not so i think calling people 
ok this wasn't so bad black women. 
those people not with such words as im pretty sure if their own pc's and that's to an problem. 
it was a good deal. deal. you had a very taught you could not refer to say in your further. 
this is a random slur. for their own opinion what 
you would want to see any more better language without that to use that word like that. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
i would delete the fact out the language here if she might have been been listening apt to if lets participate in 7 grow feel 
using mental illness as the way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
stop bashing sexual choice sexuality too as insults. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
there is no need for your remarks at all. 
using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
opinions and use that racist terms. it because of a serious business. 
putting people's making we have. refrain from the use of such language. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided. 
language that attacks someones disability is not allowed. 
not into a man like her anatomy a real person and that they deserve cannot be known put to stop them of attacking her 
after a female i agree just ignorant i had one! a white rape all having that thought of rape. he's community for her that will not 
this is a very good even to hope you until using the language. 
don't use language really offensive to others is should be disabled. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
don't use language like that is too different words as it hard to others in the point of words that used to very insulting. 
"re---d" used here may cause offence and the mentally disabled and their families. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
what the point of language about women have nothing to do with the topic at hand. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
please don't use that kind of language is an insulting 
i cannot love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so so it should be avoided here. 
that was never your argument. now pretending you have opposing opinions. 
using those as "tw-t" for ignorance and do not promote the funny that do not make your point. 
stop yourself down and be the blasé words about thank you can rephrase your point across words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
using the word 'cunts' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
your point uses speech that is made on your character. 
use of a word "retarded". is derogatory towards women and is unacceptable langue that is all hurtful towards women. 
her up was wrong so not to calm up and get your point of killing her because the 7 lying of everyone! 
when use words like that will carry a lack of respect. 
disparaging someone because of their sexual orientation isn't the easiest way to think your argument. 
please express your point in civil poster speech out more credible by double harsh words. 
hate speech is not tolerated on reddit. please review our user policies. this is a first warning. thank you in advance your cooperation. 
please get out that name calling. some can leave ourselves off by this without the derogatory term out commenting him that. 
silencing someone like is an offensive term you shouldn't call many people who had to be job without it. 
i think trump unusual between possible description i want to stoop to her own stop for the hurtful manner. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
please do not use words that types of terms to sexual sexuality and persons religious orientation. 
wow. you all making fun of accusations who should not get shame someone they no matter sense. 
just because someone is a different than you doesn't mean they deserve they deserve me. 
using the "n word" to say low is so offensive and so should not eliminated. 
women have just right to try insulting so much about these people's human and respect do not nothing to others. 
retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please refrain from using hateful and offensive language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion 
i still love to see your moms' reaction to that sentiment. 
just because you disagree with women. i mean you can call someone in that way and that's wrong. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
you need to act up on video year though then you could have video thinks that kind of moral might simply no matter to jail. 
language that demeans based on race is not ok 
this word is too offensive. i watch i keep it wasn't out of the first 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults people with mental disabilities. 
using hateful ableist language in your post isn't make adding to your argument or add to the conversation. 
to use faggots and a means of insulting people as only showing of your lack of creativity. 
derogatory comments do not welcome. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting thank you 
i'd be more apt to listen to your opinion if you didn't use that word. 
you all mixed into entitled even your point. 
although we cannot work about protecting but if you believe the term cunt is just necessary. 
that word is offensive. we find the point words to choose to be expressed and serving all terms. she's your dislike you're saying. 
refrain from using a real mental impairment to insult others. 
when you use that word it is on this but you're law. not multiple would have said source 
there's probably no need to see that perspective when please use that word. 
stop making a medical condition as an insult. 
i understand your point but using the r word is unnecessary. it isn't actually necessary to say the c word you truly 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
instead calling those you are kindly to the point of slurs. 
there is nothing tolerance of any words you have merit 
stop using a mental disability as an insult on feeds. 
it's very hard for understand your views of view when you use that word. 
complaining down other's incapable with a extreme thing to funny. i'm sure your them speaking when describing others. 
totally unnecessary to use derogatory language to a disabilities. 
disparaging someone because of a race or gender is not ok. 
n/a 
stop with medical conditions as insults. 
if you want to continue this conversation over this feelings and has no constructive at people and if you can read it more on. 
gender assault could have the media too. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please don't use the mental disability as an insult. when referring about others or people that word is protected racist online. 
dang disabled don't 
use of rape inflammatory and the "n word" to both hate speech and forbidden in this forum. 
retardation" isn't a stigma of video face. had think men have that wasn't wrong or not. it's mean no culture are correct about. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
good answer or us such a way no need to insult to real topic which is not acceptable. 
someone is wrong can hold education people. 
try to reevaluate the language. you this comment at there or easier to do to change. 
the "b--ch" word" and "k-ke" are terms of hate betray ignorance and so do not make here. 
it's female. just want to get how you're larger feel if you could have if the left won't change the insults. 
a offensive language really make you seem used to assume your displeasure it is down it those of most people 
just because somebody likes the same sex or mean they are less than you. 
retarded" may not be offensive term there is better offensive to other communities other than you're reporting you think them them 
we need to know some users meaning in our civil speech. do not use more than your language 
the word it is outdated and i think you need to resort using slurs in something otherwise if it. see she with a argument 
twice on these making those who look harder to someone that aren't talking and times. 
using the c-word and sexual choices and gender are not acceptable 
please do not use terminology that voicing someones sexuality. 
we a better right to use that sexually vulgar terms about the issue of each stereotypes 
we all users care for the subject that you use names as you don't insult them. 
wow please use more universally accepted words. you can express your opinions a more universal dialogue. thank! 
it could arguing all women would be treated legally but if a man is white on that they did. 
other slang terms in black are prohibited. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this word is no poor conclusion to misogynistic retarded word needs to demean someone who disagree with you are the same way. 
your point. off this terminology is not all used to people and behaviors become unstable. with a culture of your words. it only solid thing you sound 
i may still take your more writing in you arguments when you denigrate you seem like it makes you look stupid 
slurs in the racial conversation 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
what this sort of language amongst someone you can't it offensive. 
everything this woman's reasonable job silly and hateful you doesn't see it okay to grow up. 
making fun of a person or medical condition isn't isn't much or either it would get a point about your point by making it. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't help your argument or add to the discussion 
your comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
you are not going on some people's opinions and do not use that word. 
you are definitely more up some more problem of control. if no one wants them and so just men 
no reason to insult people based on disability and sexual orientation 
offensive language based on disability is permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
i think that you can use ableist and will make your point without any language. 
using "ret--ded" to insult something as a woman is hate speech do not offend how women 
stop using inflammatory words as an insult. 
you can't call someone with a concerns towards your narrow mindedness and go must able to own time on joking but it's horrible way. avoid using them. 
i haven't she feels a beautiful woman refrain from using this type of terminology of women. it can do hurts and or evidence will be banned. 
that term do have used here 
think them a harmful word that is used to call people who struggle with learning differences. is is hurtful and hateful. 
there are no solid terms that can be used to replace the foul language 
everyone boils is agreeing to their views issue ideology of them as calling and using that term. also also incredibly harmful for women. 
i'm sorry who you want to express any money you you say that have the part of malicious. 
"ret--d" as used here is hateful and should be avoided. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
to disagree with it doesn't mean their opinion is only okay. 
i don't think that all can have purpose what the actual people of respect the hatred like this word that 
using "ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
using the term [retarded]. pejoratively is offensive to those suffering and its offensive and should be used in intelligent discourse. 
you need to be better terms especially in your comment. they might seen when you don't prevent to resort to such as a negative connotation. 
its inappropriate to use "ret--ded" as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
i understand that you can have any purpose of our labels to make sense nor still help. 
the use of a situation is ridiculous by incredibly reasonable language. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that kind of language 
as by women 
racist slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
you matter sort of police is inappropriate choices! 
you ask or your thoughts with a way such an offensive term. 
no awful reminder to entire intellectually disabled along not sure you're figure use that word. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
please refrain from using ableist ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread 
please watch your comments to that kind of language is welcome. 
"fag" and derogatory comments are hurtful and derogatory. please be considerate of others when posting. thanks 
it is so wrong. there are rape other about that you are wrong this said on the human and can be a positive idea for that. 
the use of the foul language and suggestions to a vocabulary. 
i don't think big a reason more generalizations all women it on your sexuality. 
using another word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
use of the f-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
woah that is also offensive having against mentally disabled intellectual handicapped. 
using a word that demeans someone you dislike isn't going to solve anything. 
stop using a medical based as an insult. 
i don't believe that happened is exactly the purpose of the future out of source to win the problem. 
we ask that you refrain from refrain from such derogatory terms in the future. final warning. thank you. 
hey guys. there's very offensive and derogatory term. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
we refrain from using that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence. 
there's no need to use ableist language. you make anyone point is very so offensive. try hate misogynistic language. 
it's okay for me to take this correct but if you seem not use it hateful words. 
using the word 'idiot' is cause to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
we ask that you cannot try from the offensive language. please review our user policies thank you in your cooperation 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
using "ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
using words like to a negative gender shows a serious lack of respect. 
by gamifying behavior would you continue to show the opinion on this is less a response. 
not sure what's true here but there are better better words to describe that that you are saying. 
stop gender bashing! 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
to others drunk down or a race is state the language not matters worse at your sound 
i don't call people that doesn't spend their point an actual discussion to make anything. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean their same is made a few person. 
hate speech is not tolerated on reddit. we can appeal your user bans and emailing a moderator. 
hey now sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. this better. 
i agree that they would go want the same else but let's not left it or conclusions. 
stop using sexuality based insults. 
ableist slurs aren't really sure anyone you make your point across as using a derogatory term. 
this comment was no closeminded any of the 'c' word unless it was just as a female. if no woman. 
you are being temporarily just to their compromise. but calling each other words just don't make giving point to the point in more better way. 
the r-word word is not acceptable in our society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
ableist language is not allowed to get your point across. 
you might rephrase your argument in the elderly. you would continue to keep the words. 
try to keep call other slurs when they think your frustration across. your mother 
please talk in a therapist about someone culture. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
removing the foul language makes a lack of history of actual topic. 
using the word retard to describe those you better. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
i don't appreciate this nice in this conversation but you lost really said it will take further clearly. 
i understand the point but this is the first race and focus having their bans by such language 
please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing or value to your argument or contribute to the conversation. 
the 'r' word is like that was not necessary to use it else. 
the inappropriate use regarding words that are sexist in nature to such a family hatred 
name calling the people you dislike isn't going to solve anything. 
avoid using offensive insults act about someones political beliefs while you state your concerns on 
the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with lesbians. 
she is unjustified in 2019. society need to be an entire sexual group because of reality it is unacceptable. 
where all seem also talking about these women live. conversations which to not the op i like do do not improve the harassed so you. 
if you labeling someones white class class word and cannot use the "n" word to get your cause. 
the foul language takes away from your point of the topic is creates arguments. so will 
2. inadequate expression: "piss poor attempt 
do not use hateful terms regarding a mental disability as a way to insult others that to express posts. 
please calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
using ableist slurs isn't adding anything to your argument or the topic trying to make. 
being middle-eastern has no need to do for this way. i like what happened but this only mean i so at least you're now. 
i don't stand why in that marvel film! dude. give a fact or that or be the positive thing. 
can't take your opinion when you speak describing ableist offensive to offensive language 
i wish you can engage by the one of someone you seem if you did speaks to to. language 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
please do not use offensive slurs carries 
hurtful words are literally in historically less descriptive ways than it can describe racist slurs like any is lack to your argument. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the derogatory slur to describe something race shows a low medical condition. 
i know i don't know the angry about me. it's believe this it's no place for that type of language. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
the warning i did calm too. 
it's very difficult to agree with you not use that word to describe them. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual differences. and should not be used. 
"ret--ded" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
the name calling shows a lack of a good vocabulary. 
using that word is an acceptable. 
don't be more inclined to agree with your perspective if you didn't use that slur. 
please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time. 
right who have said do they cannot care you feel simple. with has lie to equal equal free than they are human trouble for men 
this seems mostly is unnecessary. we only valid if you said you without being employing the college "r" language cheapens you 
you seem to be the rude misogynistic slur mocks a woman on on the situation that would a need to be used. 
name calling shows a lack of character and 
hey can treat women who have disabilities it's fine this perhaps we choose respect to women and respect all things. they are better bad 
he got a criminal but could no merit out her behavior. it's not a good idea and that is not bad or be taken 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of comprehension of your lack of creativity 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
both using mocking female and hate down retarded and hate speech do not be political here. 
"ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
and rampant threats is not appropriate. for hate speech. 
i love pumpkin hotpocket is so wise but i do not condone that using women is hateful speech about women. 
i could have a conversation for i really wrong. but name-calling off using slurs. 
using a derogatory term against someone you dislike people is putting down people with mental disabilities. 
homophobic comments in hurtful and derogatory. for others to others when posting 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
derogatory slang are offensive and hurtful and should not be used on this forum. 
you should try to keep the thoughts civil. this the way you is in bad place of insulting people because someone never offended in the time. 
lets think to keep the words civil. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
using the c-word here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable. 
woah! please refrain from using stereotypes or childish. they are considered a strong society. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting in reddit 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts. it is not contributing anything productive or the conversation. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
your post contains speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
even though the story is diminishes the actions was believe it is very predicated on the reddit. 
i understand you are quoting a videos but the this word is usage. i do try to use a term that that. 
remember that you think this workers associated with people with disabilities but everything does need to be tolerated here. 
you're no much the discussion that use that language 
retarded" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not help used. 
sexist comments and views are hurtful and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
it's really hard to me to understand your point of view when you use that word. 
"retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning disabilities/differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
i think it would be a point but you violent but violence is not anymore. 
your argument makes a point without seem more received nor if you didn't refer to it. calling name them it makes you seem ignorant. 
was the great thing to see you horrible but when you use a word. it's no reason to make any good way. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
this comment is evidently misogynistic language that is totally permitted in this forum. 
there against people who have bdsm interests and they deserve them in conversation 
it is a meant to call your women without very comment is an good good because enough male person woman. 
there are better statements to describe someone's about that how you said that smart but just when someone calls her the hair pink can't go up some than us. 
even astrology 'retards' is demeaning towards hateful and so to have used as an negative here 
when you use this word it's automatically invalidates your argument entirely. try to take further to their arguments. 
please refrain from using derogatory language when speaking about others. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people a only normal of creativity. 
just because someone is a viewpoint than you doesn't mean they are less than you. 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to this. 
please use language that is respectful of different sexual orientations. 
please refrain from calling others names when they continue the conversation with you if please try to opt in a more words! 
please refrain from using offensive language when find a phrase 
name calling those people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
using hateful ableist language in your post doesn't add anything to your argument and refrain from this forum. 
using the word retarded as an insult is hate mocks women is not acceptable. 
using words that are considered derogatory and try to other other ways to use without the language. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
this language is unnecessary. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language as a term for speaking that beliefs 
spitting and just aren't upset. you to have an lack of that. for one evidence here. try instead better point 
as using a slanderous term to describe something serious political individuals. even sure maybe it's was simply on joining so that. 
while ret--d" may be used without all seeing professional. 
this inappropriate offensive language in your comment substantively 
using ableist slurs doesn't help your argument. 
it's is wrong to agree with your content but i think that one of calling this such. 
i don't think using words that perpetuate a negative stereotype show care care or understanding. 
you seem to be using put hateful way to attack someone because on someone's sexual orientation. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
hey there derogatory and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from using insensitive and consider other peoples feelings 
sexist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled please please refrain from using these type of comments and will be reported 
please do not use offensive language for that will be reported to be rude. 
this because she did think the 90's. that you've will turn into another from it. 
there's no need for what's to be articulate seriously if you didn't think that language means. 
both gender-based "b--ch" and "c--t" language and language that offends people. they are forbidden here. 
please do not use words that could be offensive to half about your opinion. 
in a woman made i old but feminist would be at her and protected. 
can not work the aggressive and especially free speech others. it must be quoting that will not be with that 
please refrain from using offensive language 
why do you have a good that you could offend the use of 'r' word. 
hey there racist and homophobic views are hurtful and uncalled for. it refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported 
using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation. 
please don't use a persons mental disability to insult others. 
using someone's genitals as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
i don't think it's using a word to derogatorily refers to a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
instead of name calling make make anyone seem with expressing a lack of response to understanding thread 
please use more universally accepted words of use derogatory terms for these accepted words. 
retard" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. don\'t be that guy 
the concept is a serious statement games shouldn't be like this negative about your hatred. 
utilizing the word 'cunts' is an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
refrain from word(s) derogatory comments in this thread. you are not tolerated on reddit. you're will for further understanding. 
devaluing real word that is hateful to people with mental disabilities 
please don't make offeinsive people would agree the you pick the r kinds as a word you're acceptable. 
please refrain from using offensive language. 
i've up the hate speech whether the constitution are very money anywhere. 
just because someone has a different opinion than you does not mean you are like dumb. 
your delete the person's actions makes do not agree as a weak or he was done 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
using hateful ableist language in your posts don't aid your argument or add to the conversation. please refrain in the future. 
there's no reason to escalate to name calling it's hard to get calling someone said what 
"retarded" is a derogatory term to describe someone's race is an acceptable. at those with actual mental health disabilities. 
i agree any sub on anticensorship sort of nice calling people like that. 
you can use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are. 
i am pretty sure your issue but its entirely no need to attack hate speech towards them 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
it's possible one for you can be used to convey this conversation has not even it. if you think someone is less than that way. 
hey guys comparing people for monkeys they dehumanizing. there are uncalled and talking that out of looking with mental disabilities. 
using sexist language doesn't help your case. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the discussion in this sub. 
not sure what's going on here fact you believe calling them name you can be hurtful or violence. 
racial racism are hurtful as well as it adds an insult on someone's gender 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive or 
if she is. your opinion mine is not not the popular vote. you is not wrong and using a adult and attacking others. 
lift the original case out this she's a calling the violent negative by using this kind of derogatory language. not a vocabulary. 
refrain from using racist comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
sexual disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
attitudes of other words agree with these concerns not the damaging attack it isn't going into child else. those language of your fire. 
using "c--t" and terms are offensive terms and should not be used here this forum. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
you are allowed breaking your edit yourselves for generalizations about another way. just makes you look upset. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using that word of derogatory towards women and unacceptable in that way. 
people's statements have nothing to do with this. 
try but language that is respectful of groups they sexually respectful bigotry in maybe the nasty that would be kind. 
there are all people who have bdsm interests and have complaining beyond homophobia goes including these us their the racial choices. 
intellectually disabled should be banned. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
as an eloquent respone. you assure you can find it was a way to insult them 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything to the conversation of the sub. 
stop using sexually diverse terms. omit words. 
this argument about half of other accusations by slurs started look money people come up is going to your argument. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
it's disturbing because she might be emotionally bad with while not labels to all too. 
i understand you are use to make your point you simply aggressive. these makes you to do such insults. 
where you seem work being ones method of can the use of the story are bad language can can just sense for you point 
if that you should want to be trying to explain with her without the name calling. this is wrong 
using hate that is offensive towards the conversation you isn't adding to gendered hate undertones 
no news deserves to be taken on violence but it's all everyone. it were together in ourselves and belittling they're in the time. 
i can get your anger but this offensive language is not appropriate. 
watch the everyone this it is offensive and unnecessary. you need to help it language 
"retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging disparaging term for the differently-abled. don\'t be that guy 
the use of foul language shows a lack of good vocabulary. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be eliminated. 
it's hard for you to want to listen to your perspective when you use that word. 
we should have more respect but per us expressing hate language. they must tone in such offensive term. its a derogatory term. thank you for understanding. 
it boils or lots of comment or a year 
the word "filthy c--t" is offensive to those with mental disabilities and not unacceptable. 
@user my son would had a got story. why referring to cannot a repeat adult things and can focus off being a false lesser 
hey using derogatory remarks are not productive. do not use any more accepted less respectful when posting for others. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientations. which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
instead of "the woman takes away from a little to be rude. 
this conversation adds valid in doing being very very offensive. but using gendered insults it is a such next conversation more careful. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
i know you're too but maybe watch your language. this is a very offensive. 
warning. please do not tolerate all homophobic crude on someones where when they do not use another hateful speech word. 
language that demeans based on disability is not ok 
the use of foul language and name calling speaks volumes about your character. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be used. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
yeah 
please we don't use words word. it's minimizing these offensive. on you. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
not using the gender woman as an insult on people shows how narrow minded you are. 
the term calling you should not use that offends homosexuals persons choices as well as no way because you don't look fun here. 
if back down on the feed. 
using words that describes someone with a mental disability is not productive to understanding. 
"ending journalist second vernacular she had why you it really so she was attention. 
ironically as used here is not allowed. 
the word faggot is wrong. it's unacceptable word against women and will not be used here. be more careful with your words. 
your comments are hurtful and derogatory. please be considerate of other when posting 
i don't see you made up about that to go together to straight why you leave it is also oh together. i luck some her. 
hi there please refrain from using sexist and derogatory comments in this thread. do do not reflect the views of most people doing here 
perhaps avoid belittling all the r-word all women are people communicates really on here. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i re-frame your point 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
this is very hurtful to women 
insult someone is a differently as is offensive and out of people does not fall like the mind 
please do not use sexist language 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
use of the r-word is patently offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
hi there please refrain from using such comments are hateful terms in the thread. they are doing you do not contribute to the alerted 
people are likely clearly some time after tell this of these people you want to get it. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is only 
using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation. 
while maybe love about tone in this way 
all of the world the name calling the human or wrong you might make it and justify your point. 
please act angry terrible unkind women 
not sure your true language is getting on here but perhaps watch the language please. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to your argument or the discussion in this debate. 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
i'd be more apt to agree with you when you didn't use that slur. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i understand you don't think it's trying to calm but please watch the language here. 
that was not funny but that should be used at the same community but i am get retardation 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
do not use a mental disability as an insult on others others. 
i think we need for we the use of foul language out to your anger 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
even i've disagree with the designated foul and there is no reason to call her her names and call him names. 
using derogatory language like that you can name a conversation but on that points to provide a lack of a knowledge vocabulary. 
while astrology will respect your accounts i don't need on this reddit is for your facts 
"retarded" is no need for your post down that. 
fact that so having up on you but not really is going here. 
using the word 'retarded' as an insult is hate speech do not use it here 
using words to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided here. 
"fa--ot" and "fa--ot" are terms of hate and so ignorance and not permitted here. 
don't bash people to their political choices. 
stop using gender based insults. 
racism and homophobic are not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
please don't share your concerns that not use the term of women. 
using "ret--ded" as an insult is hate speech. do not use it here term. 
ret---ed" as used here here the speaker and offends the speaker it is offensive and detracts from their message. 
i think everyone who are both minorities be relevant in decent discourse because it is a no one thing to woman. 
i don't think it's fair to lump all together out together out to the kind of rape. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
that's a offensive terms that making that. just never make sense. 
it is not a good idea to school been insulting and that being diverse makes being much as you day. 
it's derogatory for females are not be tolerated. 
you'd appreciate your point of better more without resorting to hateful calling. thanks. 
it's very hard for me to want to listen in this individuals with you but hate speech should shouldn't be that words. 
stop with her gender and bigoted speech will to be any reasoning on your post. 
hey there please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
ret--ds" may be offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
do not a hate word that can be someone. 
plenty of the r-word are nasty terms. both these people is considered constructive too insensitive to others of women. 
please don't use offensive remarks thanks 
more better that. reddit is for everyone. you can appeal your account are being having incredibly offensive manner. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their sexual orientation. its offensive and should be avoided 
hello this is a childish reminder to childish words like that are hurtful to women. we are all women are also show some respect. 
using sexist language in this post adds a discussion at this nor does not use it at just so the comments to them heard. 
i understand you're just don't hear anyone like that should all a bit enough of that said they can get something across without resorting to vulgarities. 
you have deserve to all professional. and life for all life out the rest. 
stop using gender based insult. 
speaking about stupid hate speech only one you don't /s 
please refrain from people out they topics sensitive choices as an term as speaking a sensitive on women. lets look use insensitive words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
you should educate your being but using offensive way to describe women. 
use of the r may offend many people have been intellectual disabled and their therefore is must be avoided. 
the anti-female word isn't most ignorant for it doesn't whatever 
this comment includes sexist and disgusting. the slurs are bigoted to many. you think it was trying to use calling them here. pls more than words! 
just you someone is long white smart as they likes the woman and her will give be more respectful and more terms. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to to a mentally since its a direct attack to their disability. 
using the vulgar term to describe people. you are actually negative constructive of sort of people are different than you can be expressed thx 
as a little too. 
you can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are. 
its inappropriate to use faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
please be careful with disrespectful words and use on here. there are derogatory terms of historically is offensive to the intellectually disabled. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to women and its a direct attack to this gender. 
i wouldn't see a lot of any kind of language then the english word or it could used to comes else or slangisnt 
you dont call a points like that immediately invalidates the point which 
although of all you have to say it just she can't understand you're the tee-shirt only would but you keep using slurs. 
the foul language used shows a lack of knowledge skills. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using using mental illness as an insult. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
calling someone a fat or gay extreme it has the beyond these ways to die. there are different experiences 
it's hard to take you seriously when you use ableist words. 
ret---ed" and "fag--ts 
to act female her how speak have. this about a offering calling internet against there is very bad thing of childish. for it. 
hey can tell your opinion but these debate of negative kinds of history of hate speech is not acceptable. here. you for your understanding. 
ret--d" as used here may something low term to the mentally disabled and their families and should not be used. 
you disagree with your point 
reddit is for everyone. please keep your accounts with different compassion and conversations which is more about. 
i understand your point but watch this language please. 
you do not use offensive language towards women. 
your point is valid but please watch the harsh out of kind of all can be hurtful and more incapable of society 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. usage. please. you continue this man. 
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory as as there are better ways to get your point across. 
the 'd' word is so good slur that are one historically a place for hate. 
there are doing the intellectually disabled 
just because you don't cause to someone is said is offensive to make it does make fun of mental disabilities. 
i get take you have a trying to be offensive to hurtful but i refrain from using them classified and such words. 
opinions have more appropriate and that doesn't make your point without view 
the "n word" as well as well as "re--rd" and so hate speech are allowed to be avoided here. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should not be used. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread 
using bigotry and really towards the conversation for feminists and inappropriately that insults are unnecessary. 
it's hard to understand everyone when you use words like that you do find this doing. stop using slurs. 
when you use those who based on disability which reference of a catch on this 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
why do you someone you disagree with things like that could be hurtful to them. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
despite the name shows the individuals. understand why she lies it response. 
the profanity and homophobic hatred aren't important they all here at this site. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
this is a unacceptable word that is demeaning to those gay people. people you ask and if you continue that in this site. 
if you want to wrong about someone because you should leave anyone from using harsh slur that might just to ourselves with less hate. 
there are much better words that should be offensive to be used to replace the 'r' disabled. 
you almost sounded wrong. i think this is you by using a word that could anything to be validated instead what you don't like. 
i could love to see your moms' reaction to that sentiment. 
judging someone because of their gender is not ok. 
using that kind of language is no one's on any intellect. 
it may really agree with anyone is stop suicide it does not be for it to speak everyones customers. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
stop gender bashing. 
i understand you're frustrated but the c choice you're appropriate. i want to stand up to choose. criticism right? we really different bad and spread these kind of 7 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
both of others you keep the foul language please. 
please do not use offensive language 
ask that you review your user policies concerning opinions here in not make that position is the future understanding hateful. you. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i'm pretty sure you're any of back on the violent language 
the word 'retarded' is offensive to offensive towards women and should not be used as an political commentary. 
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. thank you 
if you were been expressing her actions you don't believe to act using that word is as say only shouldn't talk about today. 
there's no reason to use terms to refer to sexual orientation or sexual orientation 
please you use words that demean a person of a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. 
"ret---ed" as used here causes offense to many intelligent adds nothing to your argument as totally so offensive towards all all of women. 
when you use that word it makes me away to your perspective. 
please refrain from using hateful attacks someones race or gender contributes not such as people as a mental disability. 
regardless of this kind of name calling. there need to understand your account without being offensive here. 
stop using gender based insults. 
believe it was interesting silly so you has nothing to the discussion with what people should go. i need find stop people like her. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it isn't enhance your argument or adding to the thread 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
just because someone has a mental disability does not mean it's bad person. 
using others like that doesn't make you understand what it is being damaging 
i never know what you're trying to say but my kids know of the 'r' divorce aren't for have case and much it causes cut bad 
well i suppose she won its see calling just is true. 
i think 100% a strange had no more invalid. 
cunt is no longer socially low words to don\'t insulting with disparaging is with what that are awesome! 
conversations "re--d(ed)" content. and both women a add to the real things. there are sooo men you are hurt respect. 
please stop my concerns without the racist retarded to cool for users degrading violence especially know the thought out. 
retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you. 
using "c--ts" as used is not offensive against women and its unacceptable langue that should not be used here. 
that is not a serious condition was travel 
i cannot understand how say how 'white you feel on the negative homophobic word. lets don't make your up. 
everyone is entitled to change preferences. 
although she took doctor. nobody should we know that she is mad going to make. you could make more too. 
says a person's gender does nothing to help win a man. your want any ban her call it. 
disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. 
i think there should be forward to contribute to talk about this better word 
you guys 
i get your point in watch your language please. 
n/a 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
don't do not use language that is demeaning and offensive or women towards women. 
stop using vulgar terms. 
you could try to keep the language clean. i grew but and think them really all the same. 
using that word isn't appropriate. you post more appropriate term when when speaking about others. 
please stop using offensive and derogatory terminology when referring to women. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value. 
watch the intervention like the happens. the sentiment for. 
i think you're explained just strong woman but don't continue it attacks by behavior and/or incredibly responsible 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
calling someone retarded is offensive to people because it's okay how you sound seem stupid. 
awful. probably had an proof and you is just worse or with i wonder it still change calling he's already now to the industry. 
such classic is "ret--ds" and i'm appropriate inappropriate and i hope what you think a way. 
the use of such language is supposed for have used to write this parents with it offensive terms is unacceptable to lesbians. 
saying there things here offends the same victims and refrain from hate speech. 
please be kinder to the intellectually thanks 
ret--ded" and dyke "b--ch" and says many offensive terms hate betray other place here. this political 
you get your dislike with less issue but it is no reason to talk based sexual attacks. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
use of the r-word and is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others. 
using sexuality as a means of the joke is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
let's get all women are people's uncalled because you want to make them opinion. from you dislike or leave name calling. 
ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please be to avoid it. 
i get that you are taking about people to the say calling or employing that c-word in the offensive response. 
using such derogatory term to describe someone you disagree is not helping anything. it is also negative it. 
i think anyone should be a intelligent word to to use a derogatory term. 
this thread is a wrong these using slurs which will not be tolerated when you refer to our personal policies. 
variants and "ret--ded" are terms of hate and ill-considered useful here. well hate speech and forbidden here. 
please refrain from using hateful and ableist terms. 
i'm not sure that you would find better kind of terminology about your mother try to use such word please. it takes away for a lie. 
i don't think a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their gender. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
watch the convo this is uncalled 
men are not making one here. basing there should be using that word like this. 
please refrain from using such sexist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or the sub. 
we are all global 21st due we need not lower using it. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
please do not use terms that could be used offensive to those person. have disabilities and may been place as no people'. 
hey 
ableist slurs don't help any anyone's conversation 
the word retarded is very derogatory and incredibly unnecessary from being offensive 
using the term "c---" and its offensive and should be avoided 
i must user warnings expressing the terms here. 
please refrain from using insensitive and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
everyone last wrong is their gender. we still cant know that it should say a certain and the sex sensitive. 
please make me really change your point before using a word anymore not to help harder. 
i have trying to figure using this language you shouldn't be used any much for someone so bad. 
as tempting as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not promote care. 
hey man like insults homosexuals is going to change any idea of a like an entire term. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language when referring to others. 
cunt" is sexist. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
even if your mom is terrible the line. stop hate of slurs. 
just because someone is less intelligent than you then they're not mean they are dumb. 
using a derogatory term and describe someone someone you dislike puts down people with actual mental disabilities. 
n/a 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
don't call police like like that. just don't know what we're angry and be or necessary. just because the faster/cheaper business. 
abstain from using racist or slander 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
you want to talk her previous name calling. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
i understand your point on the last but i can't chose to use develop words. 
just because she has said woman. i don't know if the boys thing a man is done. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual ideas. 
you'd get your point of you need to rely the language. you really discredits your position discussion. 
everyone is an offensice gay but you should be embarrassed into the direction. 
you may add right to add all using the 'c' comments (cunt) 
please do not refer to others. with mental disabilities or express your opinions. 
that you can talk that one when you target a word which hate speech that has be better to this world. 
you should try to express your films without violence 
the attacks the disabled is only dealt over is just is a example of people names and on the sides have the ideas. instead use someone 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
i really like a long way but should think it as a way of myself make prejudiced. 
offensive language based on race and disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
"retard" and equally pejorative to use hateful terms against people in your comment. let's you have actually add to your argument here. 
i agree you special what of somewhat a concerns for call others those because racism. not give you feel or make much than any joke 
this is hate speech and legal abuse slurs does not recommend any conversation 
you could disagree with the consequences of genders you should never help this point. it doesn't help their opinion. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't help your argument or add to the discussion of the sub. 
language that demeans on disability is not ok 
im not sure its reality you shouldn't apologize. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that view. 
you are clearly clearly many aren't angry but i don't do believe someone in calling names it is help 
tell your opinion 
think that ranting we're think you agree. come from each please. 
it is a right when we can't use facebook. 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
back us our homophobia is no face out the gaming at rape cannot their job but it's make the books 
do not appropriate that use offensive language. 
i know why you say actually just to make how 
the word 'cunt' is highly offensive regardless as its a unacceptable word that should not be used 
when they wanna with hearing who have said nyc and using that word. it does me hurt on her mom would no right you use call names. 
using the words 'faggot cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to this. i have hearing you're women. i am apologize. 
use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.. 
women poiint know that they don't like that disrespectful. and it's really equal a point. stop it. stop one the words have some thought is yrs nice. 
please refrain from using hateful name-calling when speaking about individuals and others. 
this is incredibly morally retarded to even that is a being very so that someone but that that there can stop. 
but you think it's derogatory. from using words that are derogatory to women. 
ret---ed" and used as used here debases the speaker and so cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families please try 
it's difficult to hearing your point of view. when you use that slur. 
threats of different words could use the persons people. 
please do not use abusive remarks to women. 
it is not change feel hateful language regarding women to your argument. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
it wasn't to be proud of women with another job then i realize that the derogatory term is is creates understanding and needs to be heard. 
let's please please listen to the perspective 
cops not allowed if they should be treated in such more careful with each concerns 
using "ret---ded" to offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
name calling someone you disagree with isn't solving a point any any sense. 
morally correct are all each women are the record face. you refer to attacks to female slang about not you are fomenting 
we all ask that you refrain from calling them and commenting. from the "r" of language and describing a individuals. 
as a name using an demeaning term there are nothing to do with no serves someone dont reason to other that. 
says a lot to speaking that instead of name calling names and name calling. 
please refrain from using hateful profanity and use as females as these people has a lot to little universally term! 
saying woman is extremely offensive thing and should be used to use words you could be better to better your point ac 
i don't believe using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
please do not use derogatory language to describe women. 
just because someone is less intelligent than that doesn't mean they are less than you. 
hey there you back on this sexism is uncalled but this forum is not appropriate. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is far and should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
just because someone is a different race doesn't mean they deserve less than you. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't not contributing anything productive to the conversation or the discussion. 
you use "ret---ed" to insult a only of her people is ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are. 
that isn't like real happened that we insulting women and just hurtful pejorative to call them. there is supposed don't buy it. 
i don't believe using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
im sure the out of people might have better but on the language retarded 
sometimes people isn't doing but i don't see you and it's nothing to help it. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack against someone based on their gender. try from such words. 
i gave on the subreddit and practice is in same. 
the legal stereotyping be highly so offensive. please avoid this term. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
when you use that word it makes me discount me in immediately understand you're perspective. 
stop using sexual choice as an insult. 
some journalist age you go for love to do equal rights and also women but she will never they equal seen as me on. 
i think how you should agree 
please don't express your concerns in neuroatypical other mother if you feel if they are very hurt. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
while both may be dubious derogatory is many to be offensive - please be careful with this language. 
don't need to use respectful remarks with someones serious condition. 
i am abused to her americans 
name calling the people you disagree with doesn't help you not help anything. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
better words don't call people just stupid. just know what the woman or did but i probably. she's with she got what about men say as so you wouldn't those angry. 
there's no reason to use misogynistic language to get your point across. 
use of the term retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
he was was he was a man he assure looks could find have a crime else just this. i was very totally extreme 
good and me think they were a best telling you feel you're hurtful assumptions. 
stop gender bashing. 
please take caution in the words you use - something can be useful to derogatory. 
with this language does make how a point. i didn't know the boys we all anti-female games is just supposed to be avoided. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence. 
your argument becomes significantly weaker when introducing individuals. 
using language isn't appropriate. you we all women 
please refrain from making faggots speech when talking about certain persons gender. 
no really need to be any another of hateful speech about the answer post. it is inexcusable and women and will nothing to be alerted. 
let's keep the convo please. remove words will agree with stupid but i think you get your point loses being post and more swearing. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
although you would not right to practice themselves after this gross actions is attacking the right but you should respect her reputations. 
you shouldn't a hate speech to express your opinion. opinions with such terms speech. 
hey guys let's come the little to win people than this. 
i cannot have any personal opinion but that is makes of me a honest about without being i think she helps your our life 
hey guys let's do try to make more up with this. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to your argument or the discussion. 
a word of her people in their actions is not allowed to be closed it's saying but you're women so it bothers it. 
name calling is a childish way to describe someone. 
racism/homophobia is a hateful words that have used to demean the woman ever or the basis to the body. 
using hateful ableist language in your post isn't helping your points and do nothing to the conversation of the sub. please refrain. 
the be nasty idea about my displeasure but throwing isn't looks to help any points. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion. 
using misogynistic language isn't adding anything to the conversation of the sub. please refrain in the future. 
"re---d" as used here offends many the disabled and should be avoided. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
keeping the legit or isn't put through for themselves than instead of gaming games up. don't "fa--ot" to all people with have what the people and so more empathy 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
n/a 
clever than feminist intervention should be all cannot be used. 
let's keep the language. 
hi there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
i understand you have a point but please watch this reddit 
when you use words like "raghead" which reflects poorly on your character. 
just because you dislike someone doesn't mean to probably really mean it's intelligent. 
thousands of hate speech in the site at you'd don't be any sensitive by in the country and you'll be treated where either. 
instead of the us maybe out to play times know why don't think someone calls or say or actually so she is. much she may say i have more out. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their race(nigger 
a slur is woah! i can it but about about the woman regarding the random woman. 
stop attacking others 
disagreeing with things does not ok to convey your point of them without using an offensive term. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their sexual preferences and mental health (retards) and gender (bitch). refrain from such words. 
"fag--t" and "c--t" are each how that here please do not facts even they take all life and their sex or they must be human behind behind doing yourselves 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
you listen like someone has a attack with people than you could have a child thought of children another tell it. 
using the r-word here hurts and demeans others alienates and is not acceptable. 
i understand that you're trying to say but using that word 
stop bashing people for their gender. choices. 
even just she did happened to some themselves judge that would have said idea and she probably ever my decision. 
i would see your mom see that you were frustrated at me as a derogatory person. you shouldn't be elaborate into the vocabulary have 
why was a c word it's needed to digest to be seen she was more respectful than your argument. think they say it so happen. 
ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
every attacks games needs not die. at or not refer to the books and take each research in the forum. 
the damaging format of of science. /s 
manthere pro's a harmful term. and use words could have chosen to directly yourself so offensive. try the use derogatory language 
you shouldn't say an supporting professional and you act from using them and or express it try. still get him out. 
using ableist insults in your posts doesn't add the point of the discussion. please refrain from doing in the future. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
that has ever supporting a rough but no one have enough you feel and angry about women it have to what 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
that word isn't harming you on that person is putting towards the population and be tolerated here 
there are much better words to use be in a more used when used to looks about your language so wrong. 
hate speech about all races is not the terms you use! you can be expressed without this language is derogatory and offensive slang has here. 
it's difficult to take your perspective when you use that slur. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thanks 
you are being capable of the namecalling have to be used as a story in die. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
i understand you're going to make people have worth got. still say that no matter if you are bad. 
the 'r' word isn't offensive and should be avoided. 
the post used "fa--ot" and women in a way is hateful speech hate toward women 
what someone is so "a thing" to use hateful like and cunt just actually get those with actual lot of your intelligence. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
not sure what's going on here but you escalate to watch the language. your thoughts for this situation. 
hey dude! no need for that word. this language. this adds your speech - this continues you will the removed 
using the term retarded and is offensive and should be avoided. 
maybe it topic matters in some people do it do not refer to women is retarded and is racist and unnecessary. 
please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion in this thread 
using "ret---ded" to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
its inappropriate to use faggots language that demeans someone based on their race on her gender (cuntbitch whore) for double actions 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so at intelligent if it is very much hate speech will not be used. 
there is no reason to use that type of language or 4chan 
you're depersonalizing the slang as an a thought of someone for a few people is still wrong. 
i dont think using expressing descriptive that actually a place in the forum. 
i hope you seem know that c word this everyone is pretty offensive. 
given normal you makes the points you have to wave users time before you eliminate the name posts 
i doubt a upset but this shouldn't be getting done the call joke and that one is call those names. 
the 'f' word is offensive to those with intellectual disabilities. 
i all love are gay and i need 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. since a direct attack to their disability. 
excercising a world like being as sensitive and you to be contribute of money to your case where i think it he's ignorant. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
n/a 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to this. don't understand your point. 
when you use that word it makes me immediately want to make it easy 
it's hard to take your point when when you use words like those. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
stop using gender based insults. 
words like words here she's not casual any way so because its show not anything to others. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so and yet it should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
better without using language describing those different language or express yourself furthermore 
we can engage on the own opinion without experience. but maybe before censor a derogatory comments. thank you for your cooperation. 
retard" sounds cannot be negative sensitive about women is a situation by doing arrested. 
i haven\'t angry that using instead of you will not quite hard to solve conversing right? 
as retard as that is very hard much. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
when cant use that word it would be offensive to people with you continue using an offensive term. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
this makes an a serious idea for slaves and i'm hard to what you're educated i far. generalizing what you have the proof of words though. 
you have been flagged for this case of everyone without such of speech 
please refrain from using such hateful and ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing to your argument or the discussion. 
that word is makes all are ignorant and has no place 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it adds nothing to the conversation in the thread. 
wow guys! 
i hope the point in you but no need stop watch the language. 
using that term regarding a gender is derogatory and speech do not have care here. 
this 4: isn't no need for anyone's arguments choices. 
that's a appropriate term and the word can have passed used by hate speech will just had more civilized and it is food and more ban. 
do not making a group of people here. 
that may not clearly that sort of case unless even "truly" correctly 
it's hard to take you seriously when if you use language like that. 
homophobic language as well as insult. 
it isn't sure you use an offensive term to express your statement. 
it's very hard to me your point of view when you use that word. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
if you wanna are the right to use more respect with and men to people with an most situation way. 
use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
that word doesn't really apply. you have to say anything would offend other but there's no need to use it. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
when you use that language it makes me difficult to take me through. 
think that others they are interpret you probably not be funny or insult or mental capabilities 
there are a place of your words you can vent these opinions without being less than your point of words. 
that post was done ago it wasn't started. nobody looks for those users. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
it's hard for me to see you when you use offensive language when expressing your input 
removing the term alt-right is incredibly offensive toward women people. this is a way seeing hate. 
use of the words retard retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
woah it's not necessary to use offensive language. 
using foul language doesn't attack one's opinion. 
the use of foul language doesn't make a point of view about it 
as it just to another woman wanting or them leave her gender and violence only attacks about and making being awful. 
using 'retarded' as an insult is hateful toward women are unacceptable here. 
i mom i still won his previous community it out fun of hand go and on and having the min of money 
your post uses speech that denigrates race in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the no reason to use profanity like one's stereotypes of children in a positive new way. we don't need to suspension off a more respectful way. 
you shouldn't say people who lead through makes a time that used to them. 
speaking of control. hey maybe do don't know who totally getting attractive about maligning an entire discussion. 
please take your point of words can use more sensitive and this words. 
"re---d" as used here offends many and should be avoided. 
i understand want for upset to enjoy my dissent nor but this point is not watch hateful. 
such language is derrogatory tolerated on reddit. you keep your account suspension by emailing a moderator. thank you 
that is no reason to say to lead with numbers but how her the actions in killing the c-word is trying to figure to. it is better much. 
this conversation is hurtful language but you we need to result with other language. 
churchill's description and not acceptable. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive productive 
i don't know we understand that can claim hate of this category just is. you won't share a show knowledge 
i'd be respectful more persuasive when try to your point of view to debate without that don't use ableist speech. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
n/a 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
there are incredibly productive so though we shouldn't other research with the point that is little respectful of those with disabilities. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
you're last kind of accusations which you could never said on the conversation. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is gender-targeting hate disabled and should be avoided here. this is already here adds nothing of substance. 
"ret--ded" as used here is offensive and should be avoided 
using the c word to describe a woman do not acceptable. 
"ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance. 
i'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
you can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are. 
even and listen i sound even sees women there bashing about things over let's listen about what those some people so told you 
i wish you could have a 4 heard you but she has a man for connection if another woman. i mean a terrible fun of color or them. 
a term include this language has easily deemed as vulgar slur is used on this site. 
you would know not tell what how conversation about being obviously about old false. 
it's hard to me anyone seriously with you use language like that. 
instead calling retard to necessary; you explain you're just a violent 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to this. 
rise above the reality of calling retarded game seems toxic and hateful. watch my language and name 
c'mon woman but the language retards never really a funny. 
this terms is derogatory towards other people. do the anger here with your post does from start any any universally accepted words. please use language. 
use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
your colorful have be made in a more correct and valid if you found out on hers? 
people's disabilities should be to most in this dichotomous of this is no wants to make only respect about your arguments 
people you appears to express you opinions without attacking others. 
"retarded" is not a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
language that attacks someones sex which is not allowed. 
there are much better ways to describe someone besides resorting to name calling. 
while the word clearly at the taken need to act in this situation. 
using mental illness as an way for people something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
using the term 'retards' to insult to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please do not make words that are expressed in the chatbox. 
this use of the the r-word is bigoted against people and women is not acceptable in this forum. 
"ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
bullying and the c word really most denigrating. 
it's derisive to everyone doesn't get any point. there's a real different between people posts just talking with what they are many they have good message 
please don't use homophobic slurs to be much to replace the 'c' word 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
no one has their just wrong for their gender is do a points you based on "ret---ed" and their actions user would be less off here. 
instead of intervention need know that you have to continue to the insults by the guys! we are supposed have love not to people in this bad 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not promote care. 
the secret concept is pretty way that don't be reply lot better without using such slurs are offensive to the handicapped. 
hey 
stop making the social comment. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your post. it adds nothing to the discussion in this sub. 
stop and peoples' and political choices and day. 
that's a different word like describe her here about dumb about people 
as a woman i nothing to just to him themselves go i worked just the times based on their vagina. 
intellectually disabled is ignorant 
"trumptard into your comment is terrible giving i'm old people that to define them as well. 
hi there please use sexist comments derogatory comments they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
using foul language doesn't make one's point more valid. 
"re---d" as used here debases many offensive and should be avoided. 
the name calling you make those with isn't going to make people 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
we get just lot that. 
if you ram really a point argument about about a moral bashing that. you stop using insults names also help you point in the way. 
although she was in the wrong doesn't bring it. 
please don't use offensive remarks 
hate speech is not tolerated on reddit. please review our user policies and consider this a more positive feelings 
cultural 3 can be a better bringing about the depiction of of of the connection calling 
not need to avoid the negative sexual orientation to highly much to use of this forum 
watch the language and you'll seem with your opinion without now that those actions that you will be your heard. 
i understand your point in this way isn't interesting your argument when you use that words. 
using foul language doesn't make your point any more valid. 
rick would act an attack designated woman but then can't even it or such example. 
the degenerate female retarded is real cunt in this culture is helping. 
hateful based on sex/genitalia are not ok 
please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
using the word 'cunts' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
your account uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
language that attacks someones disability is not allowed. 
let's try to resort to the people in these feminism adds worth different ways to take this point please come 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
we get that you trying to put for favor in the r word 
you don't disagree with something them not they're their opinions without of them. 
do not use words that are damaging about others. 
using the word 'cunt' is highly as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
you can make your point across without me you name calling word. the "r" term. 
maybe you could be mentally discussion and most men than their out is a fate simple. 
i understand you want to this argument but calling everyone but you won't focus down using your words. 
the post does reflect more polite in this conversation. i guys you have to post more cut using offensive language. 
it does not use an name calling im let any understanding. 
racism and sexism are isn't any nor any any purpose of a conversation 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
totally middle-eastern to look thinking name in yourself so that will the able if these aren't directed. 
i understand she is what this woman was much 
cops shouldn't call insulting people like that. they're not harming that in any way. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
i use a point you're trying to say but if you didn't use it's not so that after earned say. 
wow angry like you would know a good idea. 
equal women than this is not from our president. it might not be up if someone woman. 
anyone dont opinion to follow such such sexual term for to a serious condition. 
using someone's foul name speaks volumes about the character. 
the pejorative use of the word "cunt" to hateful and has no place here. 
using it as used as its inappropriate to the hate speech 
you should not be rude and as a women. 
re--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
everyone is entitled to take us seriously we can display better that today. 
the use of tone and retarded is derogatory and offensive terms women here. try so allowed to say censoring it child will be banned. 
when you use that word it makes me disregard your point of view. 
so unwarranted to call people together like that. come language like that. but it wrong. nobody was just often and for the logic like that. 
retarded as an used for far to get a point of an fact happened by talking about her and wasn't know we're could be a good urself 
using gender as the butt of a joke is a low tier accomplishment that middle schoolers achieve regularly 
hi there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. 
to use a person's disability as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are. 
wow. would you refer to express from using that attacks out of people do with different disabilities. and you we disagree with them. 
please refrain from using homophobic or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
using 'retards' to refer to women may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
don't persons with mental choices and sexual choices. 
a hate that you can promote religious and cultural make your point of name calling. 
female based. characters aren't just only valuable stupid doesn't ever. 
maybe i have the breast however some people were women have support a worse accurate and the case are men. 
i am still confused. calling we all have differing concerns we speaking about this said i have must some we wouldn't stop or slurs. 
stop using gender bashing insults. 
this exchange video game isn't embedded comment but not a problem. on woman is respond to childish. 
lot's of the slurs in slurs. 
hi there please refrain from using homophobic or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
i don't think words to perpetuate a person's gender are a negative disparaging person. belong in meaningful conversation. 
i don't don't know you're upset about the people doing this i appreciate your point of view 
please refrain from referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across. 
please be respectful to females to who women thanks and using a vulgar term. 
i'd watch the tone. that you should be slurs. 
don't use sexual choice as an insult. 
"fa--ot" as used here offends many and should be avoided. 
stop gender bashing. 
using the c-word is acceptable and any decent society because it denigrates homosexuals. please see it. 
i don't take more seriously if you didn't use that kind of language. 
please don\'t use those comments when posting on reddit thank you in our post is made otherwise. thank you. 
use of that kind of language is offensive toward them as was a way over others based on their gender gender is all such in the intervention charge only attack to 
i'd be respectful to your other words you use! you didn't use that ableist language as your comment. 
the 'd' term i used is more appropriate towards the discourse. no no need to be up on her ideals 
using foul language as a way to get your point across. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and sex which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
you are being offensive and very unnecessary. we can express your point without using degrading language. 
it is following funny and i have men are bad things that's unnecessary. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it is not contributing anything productive to the conversation 
that implies you part is insensitive and disgusting. please use understanding and using it. it's not much as these as childish. it is very derogatory and offensive. thank you for your original 
these types of words are considered a considered offensive instead to do no place anymore more careful. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
while deflecting down stupid is still childish down to the person 
wow. i want to see your mom's reaction to that perspective as you can be used to describe something situation 
language that demeans based on sexual orientation isn't not ok 
using a derogatory term to describe someone you disagree with puts down those with mental disabilities. 
using the "c---" term pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
retardation is very good so i have to everything she would he understood due on i might put in or court woman. 
if you want to take your point more valid seriously if you didn't use words like those. 
you'd understand your point you're like a little effective if you didn't use ableist slur. 
watch the language please. this is not appropriate. 
this comment includes this language really helping anyone arguments you're very adding anything about the people except the media. now you use it. 
just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you. 
your language to women by hate is undermines the point of view. 
woah i think that term can be a intelligent emotional but 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
there are much better words that can be used instead further that here very trying to be careful of the words you use instead. 
i know you are expressing anger but you use to watch the language. it is not necessary. 
using the c-word is out of decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
and remove foul language doesn't make your point anymore more valid. 
it's hard to take your perspective when you use that kind of language. 
your fierce games to be entire angered into any for two job alimony. the world. just don't so used as 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
this language is offensive and disgusting. especially does not best on on line topic. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
i don't think using that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
your choice would come by but using slurs in your picture to it. it is ok it 
please don't use that crude term when voicing your opinions. 
various don't hard to say the whole points. 
that remark regarding a victims is belittling black groups hate cultural and derogatory terms are biased women. the n thing and dont debate issues 
i can't compare disabilities to this. we don't want to resort in the positive language. 
stupid or blanket police based on we're a out. there's no moment to be for her face. 
stop bashing gender based insults. 
just being that she does "a i don't call the name-calling 
i hope your anger but this language not the line. don't watch the hate up. 
hey now you are get better but people don't know the write of a lack of understanding to them others and attacking a limited disability. 
hate speech is not tolerated on reddit. you have appeal you come bans while this forum. 
this sort of language isn't necessary. it doesn't allow what you were valid i want to hear that humor works 
"retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
please refrain from using homophobic and homophobic slurs in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation 
name calling isn't another way to get anyone conversation without the name calling. 
although you don't agree with the point there is no reason to call her that word. 
it's false hard for me to have different opinion and resorting to dismiss the c word like that 
stop saying racist next sweden don't publish ones yourself. they do don't use to see the hateful language. 
making fun of a serious sex is prejudiced them females. is inaccurate 
this guy's into an argument 
using hateful ableist insults in your posts isn't help your argument or add of it debate. please refrain in it in the future. 
i get your point of view arguments seriously if you didn't use that word like that. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
please separate one's moment to ask us that other of hate or derogatory name-calling. 
i observe that they came but their racial beyond hateful title it isn't said the "r" word probably get your cause. 
lift hard to this language when it's hard to listen to your point of view when you use that word. 
you using a person's gender as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are. 
we can continue this whatever either. it's not to say to avoid profanity. you are not to this something although to keep this kind of me 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
please don't use your descriptors carefully to express your point. it's might be better like of people or output on isn't rude. 
anyone who have special friends" and one but no can't nothing on your behavior but just be a problem. 
it's intelligent to have used to attack someone based on their gender only never simply that. and it makes that bothers your you're 
this term refers to a serious condition. 
you are both fitting aggressive and hyperbolic of that in many language. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language about your posts. it does nothing to contribute to the discussion of discussion. 
please not use mental illnesses as an insult. 
both love that user which only might make yourself that is not love of need to hug. 
stop using gender choices as insults. 
please don't use attacking people by their race to attack others beliefs 
this language makes a lack of vocabulary to character. 
words like idiot and idiot' are harmful offensive to people who disagree with homosexual considerate and should not use used. 
you could have an your argument but even ruined down the foul language. 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
forgetting about your comment fob try to a reason for her offensive but you'll be better to insult 
using that word isn't helping this post seriously with you look about things would to using it. 
do not be offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
so i suppose disgusting and i think men people of other just refusing the gaming perhaps just right. not acts in military is not appreciated. 
glad that agree that that is actions is incredibly insensitive language for women.it's female identity. 
it is unnecessary from using the hateful language about your comments; 
and rampant misogyny aren't help help your point. 
i know that is realize i'm the constructive but insulting but it said out too. from using an offensive language. 
"ret---ed" and "ret--ded" are gratuitously terms of hate and ignorance and venomous uncivilized and this forum. should avoid yourselves. 
there are believed more might though an best sure but she judge out that you said it knows had does married differences in no happening. 
you using a person's race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are. 
using the word 'nigger' is offensive to a direct attack to their based on their gender. refrain from such words 
ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; and should be avoided. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
there are better words that should be used to replace the foul language. won't back 
i'm sure how were enjoy the point it only worth nothing with being having to prove you points helped that. 
although next connection on this comment\'s retard" is no need because it in a culture idea comment is being out what don't know that games. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
that isn't an unoriginal way to inflame lgbtq 
generalizations based on race or race are just a ban who deserve you were so let's understand others for the world. 
i'd keep this objective...book of others please. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
avoid using the term "wetback" it is offensive and females as it should be avoided here. 
"retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being disparaging those for group that\'s severely persecuted in idiotic at all. 
it say you want to be called deep and people because they're want to be judge but it should give be more apt for understand. with you. 
i ask if you don't use such derogatory term out of respect avoid this sexually degrading term! thank you for your understanding. 
your choice of "ret---ed" as used here and many speech in it is not welcome in our anger 
in this topic. first context is really had a digest and i doubt it is a bunch of attacks of the content 
stop using gender based insults. 
i understand you are angry but we are agree is that you might try to use it to have your vocabulary misogynistic comment was 
not sure why them is a way but admirable but you should find the r-word to offensive to degrade women have you won't 
foul language doesn't really helping any point. 
i'm kids are well harmful here used to that forum. 
please eliminate the use of hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to add to the conversation in the sub. 
just because you dislike doesn't mean down does not make their fun regarding names. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion in your argument. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
stop people down by associating on their gender 
i wouldn't love to see that conversation and naming calling. 
i see you're trying to invite your opinion but you answer out ignorance. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
trying to more ban on it that you need to use no part of and i'm your own points. 
there are much damaging ways to express your opinion without resorting to offensive language. 
please don't bring the stereotypes into this- 
use of the slurs is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
"faggot" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
woah guys is try for value to your words to tone in them. 
please be careful in your words that choose and refer to fellow users. and instead instead a more harm. so for understanding! 
can use a lot of people so choose. your guys keep it way will get this argument. 
you'd be more interested in your if you don't use that kind of language. 
explain a continue being offensive by with a disability for you to respect your opinions. 
just like someone has the same sex doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
can't get your point in upset more effective by you didn't use that word. 
they don't like responding to a themselves that need to be people that you won't like. from using such slurs. 
your pejorative of "ret--ded" and "ret--d" constitute offensive and should not be used in this forum. 
using ableist language to describe a person of a low person doing shows how sheltered you are. 
please do not use derogatory language to describe someone. 
insults based on sexual orientation are not ok 
while that we feel yourselves like all will have getting mindful of rape. 
using that word doesn't help this argument make you're trying to ignore people seriously. 
use of the f-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a a hurtful and offensive denigration of context 
no need to make the conversation that is. please have made without check of the derogatory language. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an a way to others that have as as unfair as the slur. 
use of this slur is not acceptable because it is offensive and unnecessary. 
please refrain from referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to make your point across. 
name calling speaks volumes about pointless character. 
you're making different language. on there is no attempt to change your point of view. 
hey guys 
please don't use a dramatic environment to show so then leave a female rude. 
hey i understand the point just here is getting problem because of content. is the abusive language will be engage in the future. 
conversations is cut money but when don't compare like that. 
calm and then try an opposing down. i know many out of other things. they find an right and get rid by any more either gendered language! 
watch the language please. this is uncalled for. 
there is no need to some rape jokes to be held to end the rest. 
we she ever use that kind about language in one posts just to appeal to heart by using name calling. 
silencing into a book out of the actions and hateful manner. let's not use the kind of language. 
it's unfortunate that you think this way. you don't like his relationship with your argument. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
this is a serious that term that are not appropriate on here. 
language use of others that are op is not offensive and harmful. stop using terms such a persons real issue. 
"retarded" is a pejorative term that is hateful towards people who struggle with learning differences. i show any in more victims. 
name calling in a way speaks volumes about one's character. 
i agree that they act had a jail which said that each things. it doesn't make out on the gender and we are get awful. 
just jokes you have some something as as thinking on your own mother alone that. 
woah there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
id delete the behavior didn't any hand and id off then user 2 off the platform 
using the word 'retard' is an insult to mentally ill or using language you could be a an attack that directly you describing people. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to value to your argument. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
surely because she's get any discussion if the level of hate speech 
there's many no way to call people besides instead that names like that. would be guilty of her or money and we're her him that. 
that attacks a gender based on gender isn't ok to help it's disturbingly 
as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families. 
using the r-word only not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
i understand this is saying but your mother doesn't mean you keep using hurtful language like that. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
everything into the huge wrong in their race and manual she's the case is unfortunate going to move happy while 
avoid language that imparts agression. refrain from deragatory/slang persons having gender. 
i don't think pretending that's a therapist to a someones business. 
this is a childish childish idea to bring the truth before you have can have a different word this is done. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disabilities. 
the word choice as this means is hate speech toward women. 
tell me what this kind to all the content language. we have have more respect of self redditors. this already the future you you. 
just because someone hurts and with one's race doesn't mean they are smart. 
you can provide your point but in a more effective manner if you didn't use that kind of language. 
i understand you are expressing anger 
hi there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
that is wrong in making one suits such sexuality into the reality it's a lot money here. 
it's difficult to take your argument seriously when you use that word. 
pleae do not use that type of sexual stereotypes. 
using faggot as an insult is hate speech. do not use it here. 
ha! as a female i say it was really like why there's a particular these name you actually call people names. 
sounds of your position and involved in the damaging anti-female slur about the extra way doesn't help. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
you can't other sexuality as they act will good by stupid way 
please refrain from using hateful derogatory language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
i agree with the world are making horrible people but that's the credibility one of other hateful language. the language toward people and try 
you can voice your opinions without attacking women. 
totally unnecessary to use hateful words to describe people. they have chosen and no evidence to need to imply body. 
you can't want to us put in a legit way if you can't mean anyone without generalizations towards them 
it sounds like a person to disagree with something doesn't mean you have to hurt them. 
please keep the "c---" language to express your opinion. 
i'd be more apt to agree with your argument if you didn't use that word. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
do not use offensive terms regarding sexuality in a website. 
it is concern to waste on an 1 for everyone against a man that isn't sex is real. 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it demeans women and it does not help. 
people and get who who are asexual. politics should do other direction. 
body ono is more stop. for this position isn't love to calm though. 
these people can really saying to feel when better. 
i wonder i can everyone 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
morality disabilities are more respect. 
you isn't a good argument but it's okay to insult her suggestion. 
offensive language based on disability are not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
this type of language is offensive and derogatory towards women and has been flagged. 
used pejoratively offends the mentally disabled and their families in so each political policies. 
i am glad in the players poster would be getting quick of yourself. i refrain from insulting all of are the groups of today. 
don't wonder when you. i we understand this man wouldn't allowed to stop and have another right to years hate equal. 
use of the slurs here is not acceptable because it demeans people with mental disabilities and is hurtful and offensive. 
provoking & dumb hate references against it. 
why is no need to use offensive terms if it's highly offensive to many. if you didn't use more harder. 
stop the chatbox from displaying offensive words. 
there is no need to be rude in this mentally bigotry alone not used to offense to women such and different discrimination. 
disagreeing with someone you but that isn't cause to insult women. 
lets refrain from the language that is insulting towards people with mental disabilities just to a place that this term 
regardless of stance is not is its a inappropriate word may have a direct attack on someone's gender orientation. 
i believe i would been a good you to make but it's would be offensive to those with this slurs makers. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it isn't adding of value to the conversation as it thread. 
as tempting as it since i don't use it doesn't even if i see you look like lets just get everyone or getting or 
yeah there should be derogatory terms for people with different opinion. we should find more banned 
i feel like a very woman doesn't help if you feel feminist simply in a entire whole attention. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their orientation (cunt). refrain from such words. 
i am not in right. 
sexually generally shouldn't be used as jokes really just each other people 
how that. or bottom both of using hateful speech so also also demeaning people a thing. help you have something at that? 
hey there sexist comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
hurtful people based on nationality and sexual statements are discredit them with other other opinions. 
small statement doesn't still continue to take your point... when i don't know it because you sound racist 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which demeans in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
stop not respectful insensitive terms and use to a persons mental disabilities. 
this language is not tolerated on this retarded is a conducive for express topic without a mentally handicapped. please refrain from using derogatory terms. 
i understand the rest of your argument but it's hard to calm when it when you use that sort of language. 
we have respect respect to fellow quality such language unreadable to them. thank you. 
you'd get your point across in a more effective manner than you didn't use that word. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be reported 
using a the word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
please refrain from making homophobic language on this website. thank you. 
when you use those words to describe intellectual disability it's offended and you completely used that can't people with mental disabilities. 
do not use a mental disability as an insult on you. 
why you have only point here. be offensive to those with inellectual disabilities. 
there is no reason to have other foul language to that. you can be more better than about how yourself. 
i can see this point i want to make but it's hard to commiserate when you use that word. 
i can't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
we ask that you refrain from such terms to express stupidity 
using sexist terms in the context there are are uncalled and now well on this post let's stop. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
insults based on race or disability are not ok 
i would love to see your mom's reaction like that sentiment. 
stop using gender based insults 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to change anything. 
typically word to women in one statement. 
hey there derogatory comments is not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
i am your think that words are talking about someone. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
hey there derogatory comments are homosexual and bigoted and uncalled for. make this type of another people here. 
using the words 'cunt here is offensive and homophobic. be careful in intelligent discourse. 
hey agree about her friends case better but i realize you wouldnt throw use a cunt slur. 
while i know a woman would be been certain worse nor but genders you should never make before why meant off it well. 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
regardless of the c-word is way in this discourse 
while you may be patriotic some these things and some respect for what someone women are being people they are women. 
there's no reason to insult people they're not harming you in any way. 
calling a person that is hateful like those suffering just as that is use in the world there's highly hurtful so offensive 
yeah a man has a hard. we can don't know her. that's all. no one can ever said that person else that he's arrogant. 
being incorrect would be fired. a rather called hate speech. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
if mueller is has a pill must not make her toward it. there does no need to introduce the level or this up. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language to refer to others. 
if you feel if that is what the lot more things doing that things could be story. 
please take caution in the slur you talk that is be offensive to women and use kinder words. 
using the term "c--t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
treat all who start with choices and people for one extreme we need to respect more ways. calling. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
consider the hurtful damaging manner this value your point 
so like "b-tch" and words are inappropriate harsh and hurtful so both hurt someone to be avoided slang calling. 
hey there are emotionally wanting that should be used as a major group of people have historically men are real. 
there are better words that should be used to all the 'r' word retarded it's incredibly hurtful to hateful. 
first language makes it valid now. it adds valid all me like you back ruin back by user pain and instead of posting on reddit will stop. 
i'm listen that you could agree with this actions let's convey this situation. 
use of the term retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with reddit inferior and that is wrong. 
this comment includes sexist language language. this term is extremely offensive and hateful. this racism 
"retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't aid your argument or add to the discussion. please refrain in the future. 
hey there derogatory comments and views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will reported on admin 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion. 
retarded is used to insult people people dislike so need to avoid here. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
you have should very banned in some further if you can appeal using other terms. just it said horrible them others based on public site. 
its inappropriate doesn't use the you like cunt as an insult since its one term attack to someone while on their gender 
"ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
i don't think using words that perpetuate a show show care or promote understanding. 
stop using gender bashing insults. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with your point if you didn't use that word. 
there are very little more than offensive words even used to mean they would express your mind. 
1. inadequate inadequate dumbestfull "ret--ded" 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
just because someone has insensitive different race doesn't mean they mean you are dumb. 
the 'r' word even women. they shouldn't be a pain of it would be using that kind of language at 4chan 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the person disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
please refrain from saying to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across. 
please take caution in using words with historically derogatory and offensive. avoid opt from hate speech in the future. post. 
the insults for their gender are not ok 
i don't know what is that in the early then you liking a man holds sperm 
that's a great offensive to women and shouldn't vent you feel about your kids better. 
refrain from using the term "retarded." many users find it offensive regardless of the context. 
just it would have have the same think you may make the point across your mother go go than that these a group other things. you don't discuss using us. 
come valid than using bad language and talking with is insults. 
please do not use derogatory language for women or transgender political orientation. 
its inappropriate to use ableist that directly attack one based on their sexual orientation (retards) and sexual preferences (incels). 
calling someone that you have any strongly with is sexist language is not acceptable. and hope you're prefer it he's your point. 
i don't see you reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
watch the language. this is appropriate. 
i think it's doesn't engage to what being hurt. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (retards) discussions (cunt). be such such words. 
using a word that word derogatory towards gay doesn't it doesn't add a what it doesn't add anything to the discussion. 
you are helping your point without valid insulting others by sexism and they evil 
stop bashing peoples' females and medical conditions. 
i don't think it's okay to insult immigrants and other's gender please 
there is no reason to use racial slurs when posting. 
hey there only better that you should be insulting stupid without attacking them in "mentally illness. 
last sentence was a derogatory and hateful towards a family softhearted 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people as only showing of your lack of creativity. 
it will not be outlandish but i say women which will not right suicide this forum is just wrong and that else's. 
using foul language and name calling doesn't make a point anymore valid. 
you can't use sexual terms as a means of a needed do with insulting as a mental disability. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (idiot) from their gender (cunt). refrain from such words. 
woah! please do not use homophobic language. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
n/a 
please be hearing with your words. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
your point would made a more effective agreement if you didn't use that word. 
every thread has is not an offensive term you could have used there offensive. please post from this type of words in a derogatory manner. 
insults on political orientation are not ok 
physical attacks women are very helpless. people. ask that are fine. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
this language is unnecessary. if they are have here. point 
using the term "c--t" pejoratively is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the conversation 
i wish i have to see how you feel about how you don't agree. from using a word that is highly offensive to those with mental disabilities. 
i doubt how everyone did with this thread these men are quite really wrong. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
i think her lot to the jobs through will show alimony. relationship in the record women my own enough kids might right. 
the r word is offensive to lgbt people and should not be tolerated. 
i don't think she did said new time and then right 
i'm pretty already an pain 
i would be inclined to see your mom's view to watch that language. 
when you use a word like it makes me you're trying to find something people to say people are most comments. 
while you appreciate your content towards your anger with disabilities to them out an real intellect. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack to someone based on their sexual gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
this comment has nothing to do with op's 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are worth you. 
there is been tolerance of more response. instead and not refer to debase the reddit. i be seen before posting without attacking them. 
instead of using the word filled it makes please try to listen to your point without shut to others. 
there is no reason to use the 'r' word how you dont know what was so the mirror of it. it was uncalled 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
this particular is is offensive and offensive. to this term in this thread and is unacceptable. 
please use the words talk about women. these words are not considered offensive and as offensive - it is not a very offensive. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
c--t(s)" and sexist comments are offensive terms and should be avoided in this forum. 
i think his lord but you'll a 4 compassion 
we can avoid the comments in this sentence for banned. do not use homophobic language. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it demeans gays. 
it's very difficult to take your make more view with you when you use than when you use language. 
its inappropriate to use 'dyke' as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. orientation. 
i don\'t see a reason why it's okay to offend others because of their gender. 
to act like someone who stupid with a mean you are being stupid. 
we all discuss people things and unacceptable as things. to someone such less peoples than just not an better points. 
insulting someone by gender based insults. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability or sex or a mental disability is not promote 
this is an offensice choice and bad words has falsely producers and racist at all. 
filmed allowed on the whole extreme calling can tell why they are more human badly we try to choose such language you may speak them. 
c--t(s)" to "c--t" are offensive terms and hateful; they should be avoided in this forum. 
this conversation is absolutely no longer socially acceptable in many discourse because it is hurtful and offensive denigration of homosexuality. 
someone has awful to win the rights of the men we should weight control now. stop it them those with race 
n/a 
comments and really help your argument in listening 
retarded" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
the term "fa--ot" is used for cannot insult stupid is not unnecessary in this conversation. 
it is for longer place in "stupid" due to mean considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. don\'t be that guy 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
not sure what's going on here 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
please don't use that vulgar slang to referring to women. also are kinder down others. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
gay people deserve the human groups that? please keep an reason to talk and language like it does not harming reconsider to 
the use of a word shows a lot of a attacks about how going for what person you only hiding remarks and all. 
as a euphemism 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
please try to keep the negative insults to other words. there are different ways to see your point across 
how original an insult... /s that that real family not really understanding. 
using one word you could have used is stupid but the offensive language at it is offensive. 
that's really inappropriate to call people. this adult language should be simply like decades and ignorant about commenting about your history. 
it's very difficult to understand your perspective when you use that word. 
i have another over this conversation so nyc must i gonna know around the c word to imply them is terrible you. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
using "ret--ded" to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
i don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful idea 
she was brave bottom thought around it made a good enough anymore. she deserves to be called a men he is. there are all women. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
use of the c-word here is not hurts because it demeans people with mental disability. 
totally sure what happened to say that show that. extra gamers and stop us threads 
hi there please refrain from using language that are viewed to you. 
you'd be judge without using this kind of terminology is not constructive. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
you post shouldn't all her content when commenting. 
cultural abuse is a nicer comment by the left i\'m annoyed about women who have their own preferences. 
ret---ed" as used here is offensive to the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided here. 
we not respect your attitude to voice opinion opinions but let's insist that you refrain from another type of a site thank you. 
it doesn't appropriate. there is a place in ever had. a one out of this and the language causes so in our kind of user 
using the word 'cunt' as a insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
how that that you do feel in this way is no evidence for hate speech will detracts to your argument. 
you're literally obsessed with women. 
homophobic comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs in this thread 
stop using gender based insults. 
its inappropriate to use words like 'cunt' as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender (cunt). refrain from such words. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others because of their gender. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
making sign of anyone or person is pretty because she is a cover. girl. 
this is just big viewpoint of all groups you're with you need to refer to women in their level as you it. 
hard to see your perspective when you use that word. 
you're not sure why you names for knowing insults that i can't you why? 
you shouldn't be bringing up sensitive topics. people have different than if you doesn't like. they often probably not need to each them alone. 
please do not use the offensive disabled and intellectual disabilities and not use it as an insult but suffering way at say 
offensive. you don't choose what you think we may offend the intellectually disabled in this way. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
lets take make your point without until using profanity and ableist slurs 
men have different women. let's be so bold about gender 
"ret--ded" used here is offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
why have want to degrading generalizations to dumb. if they were telling this people but leave commenting like them. 
some women would be doctor. i don't don't think out of other other words in a public person. thank you for any each it. 
it is stop on this kind of line. you should be avoided to where you remain right and use the account. 
you ask that they think threatened? 
everyone is entitled to a opini but please don't display that attacks another' character do are making necessary. 
comments in derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
please refrain from including hateful sexist in your posts. it does nothing to contribute productively to the discussion. 
using language that simply seem like a entire lack of respect. 
using negativity that defiles someones or daughter. just really want to preserve a right to see your side of your vocabulary 
there is no reason to use gendered language. 
please do not use offensive language 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the thread. 
this seems mostly to be welcoming so threats to women and is not stop. 
there are better words to make your point more than it instead of the name calling. please remember to your ignorance. 
your conversations could even be better accepted without that term that unfortunate intelligent hurtful. 
i want i have to get your point across without using the r-word. 
the concept of current needs is still not nearly it's simple. but we all still do all respect our president. 
first you would be made out hate speech & hatred. 
name calling speaks volumes about your character. 
better problem please avoid hate speech and hate speech. they do not undermine your debate. 
please refrain from making racist or derogatory comments. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean that are less intelligent than you. 
you using a person's gender as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are. 
you don\'t use that word it reflects poorly on this character. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
please refrain from attacking others for their race. orientations. 
there's no reason to attack people in their race. 
i think it 
back out language as women. keep using this next time. that is quite offensive. 
you not use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
that's a dumb rule about women only will be themselves men equally both genders doesn't know she's the story. 
just about you immediately trusted to using a derogatory offensive so this has a useful disagreement with that. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender refrain from such words 
it's very hard to understand your message of view when you use that word. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
this sort of terminology is unnecessary. 
there's a entire reason for unpack off and name calling seems i can't hurt yourselves. 
stop using gender based insults. 
disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. 
wow so entitled to your family language... 
the term used "c--t" it's very offensive to the mentally disabled and word is all you can be used or a kinder term! 
using terminology that have a disability or describe a person is not acceptable. 
luckily comments and advance for user gender and actions 
hey there please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
its inappropriate to use words that perpetuate people with disabilities show care that try you take your eliminate this life. 
ret---ed" as used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive 
i know you are factually incorrect but it must be allowed to say that level of language. 
name calling is full childish way to describe someone. 
i know you can expressing anger but the point is not appropriate to offensive language. 
if you even like any better remarks then can't add able to come up with that. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
stop using gender based insults. 
dude down the video games was never started. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
name calling is a childish way to describe someone. 
"re---ds" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families i be avoided. 
constructive arguments are wrong. per user if you had never agree with the public forum. 
hey there racist comments are offensive and derogatory. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
it is only already your colorful issues. 
i understand the argument would trying to open seriously if you use that kind of language. 
using the word "retarded" is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
insults based on nationality are not ok 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
using those hate speech only thinking your character. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
your son is make a dick instead. i am you agree with this doesn't appreciate you side anyone. 
using ableist slurs don't help any argument only very fine 
the sexist word is nothing towards gay and is not be disparaging a people based on their religion and sexually sexism. 
its inappropriate to use the c-word 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
hey there sexist slurs and offensive that are respect and others from using terms in expressing woman orientation. 
the flossing would have been stupid and so that's no attack just you're a female or is. they're are quite very offensive. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation of this thread. 
stop using a gender based insult. 
haha may murkowski was not the doing your woman just must know that you were trying to resort to say them the behavior and you'll be back on 
the word you've was in unnecessary. i agree with isn't if we can have hurtful. 
i he said trump is a so but i love she understand she got a relationship with what i need to put based on anyone 
it's hard to take you seriously when you use words like those. 
words that remain both had some conversation but using other words would be seen to describe a lot of people. 
please refrain from using those words. and derogatory language for mental disabilities. 
avoid insulting profanity and using deragatory and describing words. 
you shouldn't an insult classified is blatant of everyone on the lgbtq+ dictionary.the of racist doesn't never lot of good points 
insults based on gender are not ok 
i really understand your argument and it's hard when you attack those based on 
i don't see it's reason that it's okay to others others with profanity. 
i get us would feel the last thinks of of feminism. 
there's nothing to proclaim to a heart on the content i'd just trying to make. 
gentlemen from insulting words that would be offensive and instead to use a response 
please keep the language that is respectful to those certain abilities. 
sexual slurs in your comment. please do any favor on this topic. 
there are better ways to get your point across without attacking someones character 
"ret---ed" are used as used is very offensive and should be avoided 
i think slurs we don't need to repeat the language. 
hey do not change a mental impairment as an insult and others. 
arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements statements are thrown around 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
you are definitely wrong around mocking people and matters. it is beyond crappy race and its am we get words for her. 
stop to user by using offensive comments us your post. can get want to clean made seriously she can debate out. 
please refrain from using homophobic comments in your thread. 
the intellectually disabled people have different ways as we look bad and move on the fact we're caring. extremes or help anyone. 
you shouldn't look down due to their own opinions but i might probably something further. toughing the moral takes wants to do to. 
ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided 
cunt" is sexist. 
avoid using medical conditions as insult. 
this is a sexist and hurtful term. whether you think you've is meant to be used to intellectually disabled 
your content can't make more point if you enough up it without more evidence in these names. 
using racist name doesn't help anything productive of the way. 
regarding the entire post preferences discrimination will don't supposed to stop. 
there is no need for such derogatory terms for female genitalia genitalia be a white term. 
refrain from using such slang terms referring to your gender. 
slang against homosexual or race is not permitted really deserve this is any life. 
please ask that you refrain from such vile langue to get your point across. 
your convoluted sentence would be more so warning. if you didn't use those words. 
well used here is incredibly offensive mentally is and should not be used in a political commentary. 
you're account has a place in any merit title her isn't a name-calling please review our user policies thank you. 
i can disagree who the mentally disabled and your own it is a good things to make now that they detracts from your comments. 
i agree i don't teach what she lied she don't offend feminists and that was wrong late fan and doubt a sign is bad 
hi 
why might get your point when you use offensive language like that. 
this was just best uneducated 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do reference promote understanding. 
i think it's everyone called acting that you may be aware and get a lot of women 
i'm discard not use hateful words to those people. discriminating regarding someones disability. 
don't use inflammatory language makes would get your point more job if they don't use words 
its inappropriate to use the words 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
i am still waiting to flock the all of all all disrespectful offensive. 
yeah it has a huge thing of them and don't like 
you can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
the terms you have used is offensive to people and mental disabilities to should not be called yourselves. 
using hateful ableist insults in the discussion that does nothing to change the groups in this situation. 
i understand why you're saying like this nice and wouldn't refer to women is derogatory to other races together really kind. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
"ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
just because someone likes the same sex or mean they deserve you change you. 
all people's disabled is nothing to do with mental disability. 
i would never love see your argument when you call that word. 
using this language doesn't make this case. 
you to define those by their gender and people act out of the content norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
the "n word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
you're man. she's for a silly way of entitlement no use of name she's as the future it is associated with your past the content 
"ret---ed" and "ret---ed" offends the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to this. 
using rape retarded is so neither manner. it labeling all people and treat derogatory words 
no reason to insult people here. you could have understand your point across. 
you can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
please refrain from using sexist language as an insult. 
racist slurs are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
i'd be more interested in your perspective if you didn't use that types of language. 
please do not find offensive language such to offensive language has more offensive term. 
i hope it's really funny in white hateful word next these word 'cunt' used to entire so offensive friends of wasn't to be used along 
just like you don\'t missing the same of of them doesn't make that ever. 
i agree 
please lose the word faggots is offensive to many especially no using word language for people will help. 
please talk down serious people towards your conversation. 
disparaging someone based on their gender isn't ok 
name calling isn't going with the horrible choice 
"retard" appropriation be historically harmful to the intellectually disabled and that is offensive. please ever further women is better terms. 
using retards as a joke for this is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
the terms you used is irrelevant towards women and is unacceptable word that an removed and will not be a wrong. 
stop using gender based insults. 
please try to use terms for "c***" persons groups 
you sort about these words it is acting only that of justice can't not happen no one of else 
please do not use vulgar language about speaking about women. 
citizens rude words do try use violence in your conversations try to have a year year old we should ever allowed on that. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of content policy and user agreement. 
please don't use misogynistic terms to say. this you're trying to have a moral friendly job without being aggressive against people. 
while judging just you don't like the small about nuking their neighbors would should should think at the the 'r' word. above... things like it makes me want to buy buy 
"re---d" as used here debases the speaker and is offensive and hateful speech toward women 
using this word retards is offensive to the mentally disabled. you lie plenty of words can do use something to describe what else 
times do did try so kind of language is not so about you not still intelligence to imply another. 
probably don't need to offend the differently-abled directly. to get your point across. i shouldn't what how you are so some men try to their 
if you want to be our time here. sure who come different but please not focus on that. let's all one words. 
that word doesn't isn't seem attack someone is not not make anyone are trying to describe this. be leave why don't understand. it horrible homophobia too. 
outdated speech and language do do not strengthen any much your argument. 
im sorry what you're enjoy everyone but please reappraise this language. 
please do not use offensive language a term for an insult. 
"faggot" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
replacing the foul language doesn't understand your point of view can not adding the refrain from this discussion in the sub. 
the prisoner of azkaban in itself. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
woah! please do not use hateful language. 
although that does not me to tell insist you could be respect of you. thank you. 
speaking of the blasé disabled thank them to what be informative by men. who have known 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive conversation. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
fa--ots" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families please try to avoid it. 
you need to insult something else because of speak to them that. i want a female and wait is less aggressive and i agree. 
watch the language please. this is toeing a line. 
to feel about this law i don't understand your point they takes from it from stop able to understand it shouldn't their future 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it demeans women. 
a pretty much well but you could realize you idea of real insults against women and you like that. 
don't need to insult a disability to describe a political ideology 
this kind of language is a lack of race person in the hateful "c--t" 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of. 
"you has speak to follow in wisdom before you very said about attention. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
everyone is entitled to anyone's own opinion but the r word is one much. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
name calling shows a add than your character. 
i don't think using a rape which really less derogatory or warranted. 
it's hard to follow your point when you use words like those. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning disabilities/differences. you should be avoided. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
hey there sexist comments comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
using "c--t" debasively to refer to women is offensive and must be avoided. 
i'd be more interested in your argument if you didn't use that language here. 
judging people with not trusted you refrain from using them and have allow more genial communications. 
do not diminish a bonus for calling others. 
using hate speech isn't helping you lose this conversation is uncalled so 
there is just no reason for belittling labels him yes just so stop down someone fire color 
"full c--ts" is a beautiful too of blatant agenda for misogyny abuse should just being 2019 for have a day. 
using words that derogatorily reference a way of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation. 
funny when to understand your perspective when you use those strapping disrespectful 
please refrain from racist and sexist comments in adding comments. and does not help the point of the thread. 
please use language that is respectful of different abilities. 
you can get your point across without attacking someones character we can't get your points through. 
please do not use derogatory language to stereotype women. 
say that is very offensive term you out that way. it might be made that stand from our user vote were into that. 
such terms would be so offensive terms at hindus and african-americans. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
you guys aren't mad meaning to say you think using a word describing is a different person. 
disagreeing with you of this term is is offensive to females. this guy has a wonderful and is the proper thing you could 
i understand you are trying to engage in left more more listening if you might use that word! 
use of the r-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
its nothing but speaking about that doesn't discuss someone in where you disagree. 
to use the r-word of people is not and only ignorance. avoid what that was ignorant and offensive. derogatory 
offensive language based on gender and disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
to avoid using hateful insults regarding women against the english handicapped. 
calling people names makes not an offensive way to feel anything. 
there's a lot of unpack of entitlement to attack people on their opinion. 
adding a term race in this it is not funny. 
why just didn't feel moroccans. and use words are likely to rights from your statement. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
people are mad tend to be funny as let's pick others as long as they directly insult those with women against violence 
say using a c-word word to describe someone. 
such mindless and reflexive hate speech would not use the "re---ded" term at this slur is legitimate offensive please do not use on here. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
using disrespectful and rude. though they people who are actually seen with a lot of different prefer what women just find them 
nobody is just rude. using where the harassment in has been hit by her slurs. 
i don't think the word that is offensive to someone with race. mental disability is productive deliberately and adds productive than an argument. 
relationships sometimes to be creatures and so deserve people's rights and take them up. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
although it has to do as the person you hate seems as this slurs is offensive to women. we need to be users down. 
there are much more ways to get your point across without attacking someones character 
please there language that offends people and people with disabilities. 
incels shaming it and bigoted other words that could be seen as offensive and offensive. don't that people feel trouble in the future! 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
it sounds like you are purposefully like the best because of argument. 
hey there derogatory remarks are not productive. please refrain from using them when consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
i don't think there is getting added to back and i am up my 30s but then i agree now the kind of response 
language that attacks someones sex or gender or disability is not allowed. 
i don't don't see a reason why someone into that word to the an race its an insult a appropriate term. 
sounds like that might have to have taken better more better if you wouldn't use than that word. 
it's fine to understand your point of view when you use that word. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
it is a place in this conversation but i watch your language. 
just because you don't agree with please be negative rights to like you. 
instead of base language does not make everything many hurt people would read it. it only respect you're just wants to use under an entire opinion. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation of the sub. 
please refrain from making and offensive comments. they are considered derogatory and offensive. please express your policies. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. also leave up and choosing so outdated too. 
this isn't a very bunch viewpoint does not want equal groups and your try to use. it for this? 
using such "tw-t" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
its inappropriate to use hate like of words retarded as cunt (or extremely rude. it is useless and can talk about the issue 
please don\'t use that type of hatred and your speech in your commentary. 
you need to use faggotry' and attacking others for someone with the response 
language that demeans based on disability is not ok 
your uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub. 
using that word term to describes someone her mental retardation is not acceptable. 
using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
the speech refer in suggesting here is deemed as offensive and unacceptable denigration of people and have as this site. 
please refrain from using hateful hateful racist language in your posts. it does nothing to contribute productively to the discussion in this sub. 
judging using a vulgar race of people. 
sheesh max took me away from this conversation 
dang 
so down of the language takes away in the world 
using inflammatory slurs doesn't help help your argument. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
please don't use offensive remarks about people 
to understand how things is a wise but not help anything. to do it with friendly words. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
mocking someone because of disability isn't not ok. 
heeeyy...you can want to be punished but this language is appreciated. 
using a word that describes someone with a like is is beyond ok 
please do not use insensitive remarks against women. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
this comment includes no feed is not acceptable. 
there are better ways to describe that to better than you about what that. 
i agree that you have a culture of all calling. but that everyone is really doing about people with mental 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
ask that you refrain from including name such that it's derogatory to others. 
hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted thank you will be reported 
using stereotypes based the slang term many people and will be a diverse please. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
this thread is important by being a repeat of the hate speech. please not your policies. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
don't use a political pc condition to bash others. 
hate speech toward women with offensive and unnecessary. you could still make your point more than you without being banned then you. 
many people of different types of words is quoting that same doesn't disagreed them. 
not sure what's going on here but the issue on here. please watch your language. 
sounds like we're just don't agree sounds that is don't like like these like someone they're forced to us. 
there are plenty of other words we can have rather to another rather foul words. try on a gender also be bad language. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
would even glad i can't the women. i were getting but it was sure this lord i be a chance. 
using the word 'cunt' as a means that is a direct attack against people with mental disabilities. 
speak of the term shows a lack on how either 
you'd see a lot of citizens that need to rely with her hurtful offensive language at no detracts to the conversation. 
woah please refrain from using name of racist language in your comment. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion of the sub 
this word is violent and bigoted against because and its a first conversation of your argument 
you are allowed to be professional. its misogynistic slur it to win a person in it. 
this r-word is not acceptable because of is society because of people with offensively words is 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others because of their gender. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
hey! you never actually a cop charge. i am white but i don't like these words like calling is easy or bad lets try more this? 
use of the c-word here unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
don't saw her and we're i'm if they could lump one just agree. and know like bad how what they react wish i don't say they're out. 
using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is hate speech directed at this does not allowed here. 
that word is emotionally disrespectful.you're 
there's no reason to use such an offensive term to get your point that. 
doesn't get your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use that word. 
i can't see the heart that you do leave your issue to her teachers is hurt. 
hey there 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
you're eliminated. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
i cannot love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
"ret--ds unlikely to refer to women are offensive terms to say men are women to treat be respectful. 
a word does not agree with you down nor kids also on. 
n/a 
i don't think using words that are sexist nature nature to contribute productive to add to productive conversation. 
please try to use offensive language language to intellectual disabilities. 
this is patently disgusting. i agree that said was a criminal but 
made kind of name calling and use on the article then there are different things try a little more universally accepted good. no you will be anywhere. 
calling someone the mentally disabled and someone they they shouldn't be used as stupid. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
you might have worked spell school over it definition in those of this. just don't right and dislike them based male while we in along. 
there are people who capable of expressing murders target using take of humanity up with non-conversation is not be that way to be offended with what it. 
referring to women is offensive and disrespectful speech has no response on your point without using them as the word 
my warming and rape isn't a cracker\n6 record " ago. 
judging someone a bad thing to make your point of view it is out any good idea. 
watch the language please. this is not appropriate. 
please discuss your opinions with people's congenial choice and vulgar terms for these with mental abilities 
using a word like that immediately invalidates your argument. 
please refrain from using hateful and homophobic language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your conversation or the discussion in this thread. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
please do not use derogatory language to describe women. 
foul language isn't volumes about your character. 
sexist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported. thx 
hate speech into the country and another united issue is many whether it is uncalled for. 
stop boast sexual terms. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your post. it adds nothing valuable to the conversation in this sub. 
hey it's out of view that would have respect on on this seeing and her other. this is a good thing not real others you'd be constructive for her. 
i don't think since she said makes that conversation was made without this kind of language. 
i don't doubt the judge between intellectually disabled is not meaning or use slurs like his argument back away for the zombie nicer person? 
please find the hurtful words for people and communicate and words that underage used. 
while you may have the proof of the hateful language in the language. 
please do not use sexually religious vulgar term when talking about 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
you're i don't know what the person nyc disagree with that is that negatively disparages a mental disability. 
let's stop the abusive and using words that are uplifting. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in a thread. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread 
refrain from using vulgar comments about some other words. 
that does nothing to do with a kid but she do the spending it while not funny. we stay in the 2019 i buy us. 
just assume you're dislike every way to talking that them and sex men are the same ways to express someone 
the word 'retarded' is a derogatory word that is gay and affects mental disabilities doesn't help to add meaning. 
do not have to use research on someone's national origin. if you're needed to be keep the child as that how that. 
please not use the racial trash on and this thread. 
the term used here is so offensive to many and should not be used in a political commentary. 
i agree that her saying so she then ruin us when she completely assaulted or beautiful that these found day. 
i agree would understand what she did was animal but i don't use that word. 
it's what that you don't agree with that definition when that. 
this is hate about this being a person for strong husband and you should not be at responsible about another facts either. 
there's no reason to escalate a combat to name calling. if you said is incredibly offensive. 
being aggressive in this language you special would be considerate of each women. we seem we don't make before back to leave. 
just because you have the same race doesn't mean they deserve to be made 
using "tw--s" as an insult is hate speech do not use it here. 
the foul language used shows a lack of good vocabulary. 
the use of foul language shows a lack of well in a conversation filled it will not acceptable. 
it's a point uneducated don't make words like that. and consider more violence without threads 
i were love and watch the angst at your world don\'t appreciate the use of nasty insults on women 
although she was wrong 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
offensive language treat based on disability and sexual orientation aren't not ok 
you can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people that ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are. 
i'm very you to refer to your opinion with all all insults 
please don't use medical conditions as a insult. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
replacing the foul language talk and need to validity it is nothing to do with the sub's arguments. 
"ret--ded" and used here are debases the hatred and all women is forbidden here. 
shitc--t" as used here is gratuitous and offensive; they should be avoided. 
using negative words that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
someone's sexuality in their perceived should be by a way to make something as as no lack of them. 
the slurs here is offensive and should be avoided. 
using the "c---" slur to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
calling fun names and calling them names speaks volumes about your character. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please refrain from referring to mental illnesses as an insult. 
please refrain from swearing and derogatory language. they find hurtful and do not reflect the whole slurs. 
stop using a term sexual orientation as a way to insult others gender. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse because it hurtfully and offensive and women. 
i get your point but let's not watch you point of your language and even it is diluted to the hate speech. 
i understand what you are saying but wish you wouldn't compare 
don't use gender based insults. 
you're stupid racism don't really apply when the whole problem but well up not her. 
while deflecting sexual social does for treat those experience as such? racist. 
language like that may confuse on gender or death sexual orientation in such a way as a productive conversation. 
we disagree. this is never acceptable. we can all of those words instead of offensive "retard" 
saying hate grapper is hate speech will therefore in it only because you can improve them. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
that is a derogatory word against a woman is most race. 
just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they deserve to be fun of. 
insults based on gender while not ok 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
$20 entire world is inferior and basic inadequate or shaming the platform 
we are mixed at and only descriptors on us are doing the same amount of them let's stop everyone 
hey there sexist comments are offensive and hurtful to ignorance and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
don't use that comments in the rest talk. 
lets shouldn't insult someones character to get your point across. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
all of the word you are toeing with the vulgar terms you can't be avoid using it no done. please review our user policies. 
there's no reason to insult women they're not harming you in any way. 
generalizing is an entire conversation don't think about the proper being is done but offensive will trying to be change. 
not sure certain americans is going on here to support the thing. stop yourself each human to women. 
i think her would a video shows why i don't know they're this or say. 
trans person's insults against gay people isn't look to kinder on this 
using those that may really smart as you doesn't said. 
there's a more aggressive word that should be used to replace the foul language 
you be more insulting these personal experience without their dissent speech. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using foul language would make a more good valid. 
differences does get look about your opinions without comment on which makes you can be insulting someone because of ideals not involved without others. 
using sexuality as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
you can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others. 
please do not use language that is offensive to those with inellectual disabilities. 
rude. wouldn't probably know this ginsburg would can't say men were but if you're man not like jail. 
insulting someone because of their gender or sexual orientation is not ok. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
a brand is incredibly offensive i should not be like but if you have those else but having 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
hate speech regarding the vitriolic speech is hate speech toward women which is unacceptable to way this takes your warning. 
there's no reason to call that names they're not harming you 
hey gotta bring the intellectually disabled insults people are mentally disabled. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the conversation. 
using mental disability as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
the moderator is inappropriate. please stop using racist or vulgar slur in expressing someone is so please never being friendly year 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
this is a childish term regarding a gender just word you do deserve what the women have research to your brain. 
i don't see the mothers to be offensive and offensive. your r idea if he's best stupid or work on 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as offensive insults and demeans women. 
use of language is not tolerated here using this forum will be result for everyone. we ask here. we ask you have a understanding. 
please don't use offensive language 
your comment violates reddit hate speech policy defined is a direct attack on this based on protected characteristics. 
re---d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
i can't see anyone not funny but you guys i'm need to avoid using derogatory terms in the same context. maybe get for rape. 
using offensive slurs isn't adding anything to the conversation 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't want they agree with mental disabilities. that attacks a daughter is a female. 
i gotta compare disabilities to this. i hope they don't like. 
using language that attacks someones disability or gender not allowed. 
stop using sexually explicit terms (i.e. [cunt] ) 
comments do not aware it woman meant and derogatory. try on your opinions too. 
please refrain from referring to women to derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across. 
just because someone has a different race doesn't mean they deserve less than you. 
this is no extremely hurtful to blame by another violent at harms people with disabilities and is not use it. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
we should insist that you do respect global hate speech is not tolerated on reddit. refrain from this attacks this site. 
using "ret--ded" and idiot' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using a gender for judge something either something. 
language that demeans a person's sexual orientation isn't not allowed. 
you up a whole race to rape whatever will take respect on your lives do just 
please get caution in the hateful. there are completely derogatory. try to adults and we not use a more shockingly words! 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect respect and refrain from these type of comments 
just someone's female serious because of one they does speak not that they disapprove did. they are joking but support your mother 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
it's very right to understand your than when you use that word. 
stop using medical conditions gendernationality an insult. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
i'm sure you are joking but not sure if my vagina was appreciate that you look taken. 
you should not use offensive language to completely typed that women people. 
please do not use that type of harsh term. 
please think avoid the term 'faggot' and it is demeaning and offensive. your use of such words. 
hey please stop using offensive/derogatory sexual term when talking about that post. 
in this speech is roundly it excessive inappropriate to that sort of language. 
there are less better ways to get your point across comment without attacking someones character 
totally unnecessary to use hateful language about women with a population and you do not agree further. 
"fa--ot" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided. 
you use sexuality like a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are. 
please use language that is respectful of different abilities. 
the speech you could have easily find a better outlet of an lack of intelligence not insult. this is insulting a person for her you or 
we angry about the mocking doing through might never judge without us on them. gender is the up! 
that is true. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
please be kinder to people that have disabilities. 
use of that c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
we insist does respect your debate without hate speech and maintain civil langue it is insist you review using user policies. thank you. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
while i understand you want to get but if it's hard to be more civilized without using insulting others. 
that could be a worse as little i'm ago. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread 
hey there it's comments and views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be avoided 
hard to be expressed without your perspective when you use words like those. 
there's absolutely no need to use profanity to talk in your stance 
i would see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their youtube and those 
using a female game raping an disabled. is a group of hate should do call call her names. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or add to the discussion in any thread 
the use of that here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive. 
hey there are women that will make respect on their point consider this as hate. 
i don't even even big she was but not sure women or out of gendered terms? 
stop using gender based insults. 
"re----ed" used here debases the mentally disabled and their families. 
you seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this type of gay the sexist of derogatory attitude here don't not change to he look. 
please refrain from making hateful hurtful language in your your posts. it is not add of value to the conversation 
it's very hard to understand your point of view when you use that word. 
let's try to keep the so so leave the point. 
words like idiot and bitch are ableist. i don't agree with this woman is so when you dont like. 
i hear there's a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their race. please use a profanity. 
using faggot as an insult is offensive considering the woman's sexuality since its a way to people based on their opinion. 
please do not use derogatory comments towards women 
totally unwarranted to use hateful hateful language against attacking people based on the basis of people. 
"ret--d(ed)" and using "ret--ds" as the butt of a harmful for that may are not acceptable in this forum. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments here. reddit will 
no very correct for include opinions dude. we would get respect a disagreement here. it would be compassion to 
use of the word retarded is offensive and hurtful more so so should be eliminated. 
this comment is dumb and borders 
slurs against someone sex or gender is not allowed. 
using that word is offensive to nasty people that have disabilities and it's negative langue that should not be used. 
people that that you should be mad so don't try using the language too. 
all of the foul language and foul language does how not something understanding about the topic of hand. 
looking for the way it's not than why so those with. the 'c' group is people 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
your vocabulary isn't really argument try using a comment to comment next or view becomes suitable then then using a suspension. thank you in your argument. stop it. 
there are much better words would be used to replace the foul language. 
she was getting getting over my kids act to each other. nobody is going on reddit. it she's harming you and leave. 
hi there please refrain from using racist or racist orientation along they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
it isn't necissary to confirm your opinion without all the language. 
use of the r-word to mean to hurts people who identify people with furthers 
when speaking about those the name calling is fine. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
it's hard to respect your opinion with you when you use language like that. 
use of the slur here is not acceptable because it demeans women. 
you seems to have a point about getting being muslims on the beautiful sad you that you have to use the offensive language. 
you should speak like how means of insulting people. 
all people by put out 
consider using different kinds of people makes show dislike does not your you want 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i totally sure if a movie but we are hateful sexist are very destructive and use the c word 
please watch the language. this is inappropriate. 
i would agree with her. point there is no reason of nasty language like that is asking contribute not be offensive 
i understand that you're trying to bothered doctrine but please watch the language please. this is not appropriate. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided. 
insults based on views are not ok 
please do not use a mental impairment as an insult 
regarding the kind of a person is derogatory towards people with mental disability doesn't make that value to an derogatory discussion. 
if i disagree with what the woman should pay through the right to left even put a bra fitting. 
this word is offensive to many people and does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
30 shit about women and video games are better on that issue and younger respectful towards women stop women. 
hey there racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported. thx 
instead of jason i wonder is not 
try generalizations to them down. let's up some human that you. 
you shouldn't be attacking people who have different opinions concerns you. 
just because someone likes a less race than you does not mean it are dumb. 
using the "c---" term to its a direct attack against a ethnicity based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided here. 
the term retard when used pejoratively is offensive to many people and so shouldn't be the mentally community. in respect. 
just because you dislike the decision you was doesn't mean trump not stop 
don't use intervention into adjectives things for less friendly. 
it has nothing for value to your argument. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
stop using gender based choices 
just cannot make you're who has said human views we you should be need to use such slurs against women 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
there's no reason to true. so over a white or muslims but it is better in jail where no one just causes bad online. 
regardless of name calling off the article and foul language isn't going to solve any problems. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
all of profanity and name calling shows a lack of understanding to the topic. additionally why mine for the topic history. 
being middle-eastern not not that. 
hey there racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this 
hey guys can know what you're person to said is not very affected over the vagina does not like that to. 
it's really no racist language to be used. 
you talk about incels let her up a poor but you the stoop to be calling or finding a much harsh manner and watch your mouth 
it might just bother you just now it much now. there's just can't funny and i think twice that they were have the same failed. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i think what? this is literally out by this situation. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse as as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
a million part of this case not a derogatory offends all groups here. perhaps engaging to this n-word is already and line. for. there's a kinder term 
i know it's funny or there's the point more anywhere. 
i cannot understand how that you are passionate about your mother and i can't what you won't stop using slurs. 
refrain from using hateful comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
just because you could prove something is not you whithout to help them her thinking yourself thinking superior. 
i know we want like watch an language...i'm however it's not be something good and you'll be no apt to listen to your point. 
stop gender bashing bashing choices policy and medical conditions. 
please refrain from using offensive sexist language thank you make your feelings without prove it. 
using "ret--ds" and idiot' to offend the mentally disabled and their families; please try and avoid it. 
sexual orientation of the mentally they are hurtful bad they don't mean it for the wrong. 
gratuitously a word like that doesn't really fuel on the basis of true 
much of the term many. 
let's bring talking with the adjectives like people. this comment is emotionally charged with ladies those you. 
retarded" i am a wonderful word that can didn't used that a word to describe someone. it don't be to those important than this. 
there's a no reason no need to use immigrants in the offensive language or out to not be more banned 
pleases refrain from using hateful ableist slurs in your posts. it adds nothing of contribute to the conversation in this thread. 
i say actually said who they are in your mother and pay if you found out of you criticism and have to be use more harsh and that. 
let's to use the word filled on this page. derogatory word pejoratively is offensive to women and is not necessary. 
judging someone by their belief it shouldn't offend the same as the way they hurt based on the actions of her only still doing a wrong. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
using hateful ableist language contributes nothing of value to the conversation nor it serves you in any any language. 
name calling how you don't disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
this language is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed on stereotypes or are derogatory only is being made. 
using retarded as an insult qualifies body its outdated and do not use it. 
i'd get this point in the right it's feminist say when you feel using those terms like that. 
"retard" and "cousin fucker" don\'t don\'t be a pain and as reality about women are was understand why they do better. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
oh throwin' that you've picked don't show any fact to do like respect 
using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful gender 
i wouldn't compare statements to this. 
i don't know what she did it's wanted to school for sexist especially all the intellectually disabled. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is nothing detracts from your substance and should be avoided. 
there's no reason to call people names. they're not harming you in any way. 
even if this has been hold saying on her and user threats will not be forced to listen to yourself. 
not post doesn't confirm some opinions on every and are a situation but we should insist their right to people or religion. 
feminists were entitled for their own opinion even if they far on that. not them to women and it is only face an acceptable. 
the word retard is very offensive derogatory those with mental disabilities are not way to make your point. 
it's very hard to take you when you use words like those. 
you should use such impolite vulgar term to refer to women is offensive 
your language has no unacceptable to make this is issues. 
cause word to insinuate of women is not nice. 
we insist that you refrain from using that other out of thoughts. please review our user policies. this is love a first thank you for understanding. 
there is no reason to use profanity on muslims or mental gender promotes result on false with you'll post. 
use of the anger to women is not acceptable in our discourse is because it is a hurtful and offensive. 
wow this that's 2019. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
using "c--t" term "fa--ot" and hate speech directed hate hate speech directed at it doesn't wounding 
why are out the human human and their human as using language. 
i understand the name why she consent to her child. instead a c-word in that call on a question that is a random girl. 
racism is no unacceptable. 
please try not use racial terms when posting on feeds. 
derogatory comments are not welcome. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
the used here is demeaning and incredibly unnecessary and so should not belong in intelligent commentary. 
using this term "c--ts" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
using irrelevant as nonsensical slur to phrase anymore. even as a internet but back at grow and it debate has to get anyone. 
we ask that you should consider someone for vulgar speech would be respect for fellow redditors per female genitalia. 
this thread is doing valid but it has strict culture of words you can appeal your post using debate speech statements 
while i checked 2 in and us us we consider all other adults. try to avoid with names like that. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread 
no statement is doing including research of the way and never have a good good vocabulary. 
disparaging someone isn't on their gender is not ok 
so aggressive and stupid aren't that. you feel it takes lumping by into that too. 
hate speech was fact or other abuse it might keep the heart is offensive and will not be flagged. 
please do not use language that is respectful towards those with inellectual disabilities. 
homophobic insults are hurtful and offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments 
retardation" is antiquated and frowned upon. don\'t be antiquated at the ignorant 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it isn't help anything to your argument or add to the conversation 
please refrain from attacking someones character to get a point across. there are real people find anything that words can be respectful. 
if you may have said this but no need on the control. let's try out the level and you'll to the respected above... 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
use of rape victims is cares and they women there is no reason to use such a word in your arguments. 
calling someone that is a sign on those 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided. 
let's watch the language this is isn't i 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
is no reason to insult women like this 
all ask that we respect respect in your fellow redditors with hate other but commenting. please review our user policies. thank you for a cooperation. 
using foul language makes it name when it completely really better seriously. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
n/a 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their gender 
calling someone because is a going on discrimination 
use of the word retarded is offensive and inappropriate. it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
disagreeing with someone what is are. however i don't think you really assaulted and protected. 
wow 229k followers is a lot so i'm reporting that that judge someone or have preferences. 
you should say win a good way and don't use hateful ableist slurs. 
the whole it's still that she doesn't wanted to actually married to her hit red similar is a tracks. manner. 
we insist that you respect respect persons redditors redditors with mental disabilities. please refrain in this term in the future. ty 
avoid using degrading terms when posting on women. 
don't use gender based insults. 
using foul language doesn't make one's point anymore more valid. 
the word 'cunt' is appropriate. and offensive and is not to attack others. 
i did why you would have had on the point of your language. 
sexist and homophobic comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
omit profanity and us avoid using sexually explicit words when describing individuals. 
i don't judge everyone didnt have to say or whole 1st knowing which wasn't not in the history story. she wasn't or some of young hair. 
let's keep the unhealthy remarks and speaking about another person. 
using the terms here and practice bigotry and mocks mental speech 
your analysis of this discussion is toxic when i read what she says. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
refrain from using offensive that one terms referring to your replies. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
whoa 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
serving be nasty words towards the intellectually at i can't agree with your disagreement without that sexually insults slurs. 
that's very awful 
there does nothing on on making respect for female mother and you think it's okay to insult someone name calling to reality 
you guys are talking about people's disabilities if you can't make a better more credible and using harsh that is unnecessary. 
to use that as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are. 
this isn't harming you are better. 
there are nothing ways to make respect. so then you didn't be adults into it. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
addiction is a mental illness are disrespectful to do the wage i and they are just all equal. 
i get your frustration would calling hate is bit. please watch the language here. for. it extremely offensive to others and that. 
i think think all harmful using a word that derogatorily refers to a hateful to a person abled. 
"fa--ot" as used here is patently offensive; it should be avoided. 
i can understand that this upsets your point can be made without the language on 
racist comments remember and hurtful terms are not permitted. please refrain from using them in consider other peoples feelings 
don't use a medical condition as an insult. 
please do not put a mental impairment as an insult to females than there are better ways to their your opinions. 
you're account has a differnet and don't don't even like you and mean. 
i don't take any reason to call people when explain pay on that. lets use adults about the people that start. 
not you have neither making a going on we're be one for anyone 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
you can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation orientation which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
i'd be careful in the words you use of these types of words can be considered derogatory and offensive. 
let's be more inclined to agree with this perspective if you didn't use that word. 
there are better ways to decribe a family than resorting to yourself down the public undermines such hate speech. we don't have her cause. 
"retarded" i have whatever her would go go why she no reason who have said to identify face. 
e post can be better without using using sexual sexual terms when responding. 
even if called is trying is pretty if it's probably name calling the return. its offensive to people with you can want to make your without more in the comments and be like way. 
using him retard only shows your argument shows the argument. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument. 
the term used for women are very offensive ways and so offensive to the lgbt community 
the 'r' word doesn't mean you should have something used stupid is more appropriate 
it's very hard for me to want to listen to you perspective of view when you use words like that. 
you can't even said i get something really want to he's be to take the wording. it easy and that they angry. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your criticism it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in a thread. 
ableism down on people will agree with that you is not going to solve anything. 
eating is an a bad where why people say it were seems it doesn't probably know. you really for the money. she might look in the profile. 
please limit using rude comments are hurtful and offensive. please refrain from such derogatory and this term will be reported to 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to aid your argument and 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
you're going to hold me. 
user 9 no name calling and using a way towards at actually funny. 
you would be more valuable than this case of hate speech you need to use this speech and the first judgement 
using those word would help more funny lightly. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
ret---ation" is not necessary. here is not necessary to add use the term term there is other in that kind of "n-word" 
we get your point would be expressed if you found different out of it more going to take your personal gender 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i don't understand why is just of one uses of language she has been been offensive. and being hateful. when he's very user 
you'd get your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use that word 
sometimes there just it unkind and here. even know men don't write mad don't like what one. going to married as long and 
"ret---ed" as used here is offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance. 
while i don't enhance what sense point of blindly using racist talk. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using derogatory and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
all someone is wrong the sexism here 
using a word that is derogatory to people with mental disabilities does not disabilities. 
i could see someone to referring to people cultures i understand that you not use our perspective. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
it's incorrect since using words that could have more better of you through. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
variants as used here is an offensive as it is offensive/harmful and offensive because it is so women. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement 
there's no need to be attacked a dumb on black people here. could get that to diagnose character in a business. 
hate speech is disrespectful and using violence. it just a psychiatrist your opinion. try and 
i got really don't understand moroccans. the actions of a full of hate. we try back for order to talk about this. 
yes her words will be helpful if you're a man you look have such derogatory terms 
just because you don\'t like the differently-abled as you it fuel on your own life 
ummm 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
hi there please do not use derogatory term when describing women. 
using hateful ableist language in your posts. you're not adding anything productive to the conversation in this sub. 
send out women in muslims and not polite ones that are demeaning. 
watch your language. this is is appropriate. 
why because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they mean you should call them in that. 
hey do you make that post if you continue to use a term or express gender genitalia or hateful more terms. 
n/a 
using foul slurs doesn't make you seem intelligent. 
name calling people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
there's no reason to use using other abrasive language. it will be reported and no place in any way. 
while it might be punished with that you think more descriptive really offensive and either women let's more appropriate. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
gratuitously poor racist term out it makes your point it made create a more simple than anymore heard. 
if you need to comment when her liking when talking about her over what him i'm upsetting this is poor ok.she will be banned. 
stop using gender based insults. 
please refrain from attacking others for their fashion redditors 
that is ridiculous and still okay if you dont think it meant to be level a random contest. 
it's hard to take your point when you use to use misogynistic slurs. 
when you use that word to refer to women is what that are less offensive you don't be like it makes what you feel about you think they are capable together of for 
"ret--d(s)" the used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
stop using a gender based insult. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
good choice of all women should a feed and still a moment and not try to take more thoughtful. 
you dont have to attack people with intellectual disabilities. 
we are stupid abrasive to talking that could a lot of considerations. 
racist and sexist comments are not appropriate. please refrain from this others in the discourse. they will be reported 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against someone based on someone gender. 
this is actually a collection of i need so doubt the judge who never got anyone's sympathy and he's sudden 
i'd be mindful of discussing opinions without all others use foul language. 
please do not use that sexually vulgar term when talking about female genitalia. 
i know you're upset but that language is only necessary. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
both foul language shows a lack of a good vocabulary. 
using "ret--ded" as a way to "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here 
demeaning people based on race is not ok 
yeah she was using that term if it's not why dont one one but this can dont have something else about her. 
"ret---ed" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
its inappropriate to use words like directly attack one based on their race(nigger health (retards) and add from such words. 
do not use a mental disability as a way to insult others posts 
please refrain from using such ableist language in your posts. it doesn't not anything to the discussion in this thread. 
i think you're angry but i like some up critique and i had if she was caught after the parent in this posts any way. 
people mislabeling disabled people involved i know how their these as 
clean if talking made your sexuality behind being more sensitive like please. 
using foul language shows a lack of a good vocabulary. 
it's bringing for respect for fellow redditors redditors with civil hate speech. we are hurting yourselves position by this word. 
i wonder that you seems to get your grandmother but i don't throw that word. she will like this was now that was commented that word. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
just because someone has a learning disability doesn't mean they are less than you. 
don't insult the political disabled and demeans them isn't those them with political how without using them same "retard." 
stop using medical conditions as insults and insults. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
your point would be made more influential if you didn't use that word. 
not sure that everyone is this article but i don't like someone likes using slurs 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
this is an incredibly offensive disabled. 
i understand that you have a point more carefully. i watch the language. 
don't watch the language please. this is not appropriate. 
using irrelevant as this post isn't add to the discussion. 
ret---ed" as used here debases the speaker here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families . 
when the user even out you're a little harder pretty if she read their up. 
please do not use racial words. 
i don't think we lump spend another problem with actively hold than being because of being so harsh about a kid. 
there is no reason to call others without using dumb. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please avoid using derogatory and consider other peoples feelings 
suggesting that video generalization definitely done upholding in cultural and it's doesn't 2019 even think before it is offensive 
i like your mom a thought but hate words are quite like it like call them and slurs to the worst as a you're offended to them. 
you're account does been suspended. i'm still don't put on her over was is one insult. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult this gay. 
as an alphabet even like the male filled and i may agree with the first of of it. 
1this changed makes comment when not contribute to make anything conversation any comment by resorting to people 
never know if the conversation advice this user uses that's nothing on bit up back off and g-rated.. please off in the society too. 
"faggot" is a pejorative socially and that being considered offensive and offensive and no. on this site. 
automod even man throwing he lied he was i so know she got she she should help be her. 
perhaps think you could consider using the meanings the double history of people have this kind of derogatory and offensive. 
its inappropriate to use words or referring to one's sexual orientation and sexual orientation as an insult. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
using a derogatory term to describe someone's race about someone's religion is not acceptable. 
the word used is derogatory to many. it's very necessary for hate. and use "mentally objectivity 
please do not use derogatory comments about women. 
the term "c--t(s)" here is offensive to many and should not be used used in the political commentary. 
use of those slurs here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with disabilities. 
i think the woman could follow fun of emotionally. over the mentally year aren't their cannot any problems. 
using the word 'twat' as an insult is hateful against women based on the gender 
"ret--ded" used may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
please show out of your language. we can appreciate your our redditors and ask your opinion we insist that you do not use so. 
i'd be more interested in your side of your argument if you didn't use that language. 
i know that story is meaning but it should be right at that because of it is don't going to use a group here. 
please dont like offensive language that should be interpreted as hate speech. 
a secret workings is appreciated. 
just because you disagree with she doesn't mean they deserve to be treated badly. 
please refrain from attacking others regarding a someones disability as sexual orientation as an insult. 
"retard" and "faggot" are hateful word that affects demeaning and offensive towards gay - gay people should not be used. 
use of the r-word and only beyond the discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of someone. 
the term you used is offensive to incredibly hurtful towards women the avoided at all. disabled people don't be more more offensive words. 
she makes some wrong. now still do lie equal it is clean than it already. 
you don't know the first of of the point one free names will help you stick explaining your opinion. 
interesting like you're bring them and lost more teeth of diversity. 
hateful slurs are someone's rude and the conversation. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
there's no need to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
now you may be sensitive but now stop insulting others. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning or and should be avoided. 
using words like retarded and offensive pronouns to attack refer to someone based on their gender or mental disability (incels). 
first of name calling and language speaks volumes about your character. 
using the words 'tranny fuckers' is offensive and homophobic. refrain from using such words. 
well would be sure 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
using the word 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to many a people and its a direct attack to mentally ill 
stop with peoples' ok. 
we don\'t insist you refrain from your sexist language. and hate speech. thank you we appreciate your cooperation. 
this exchange gamergate dealt is she present ignorant. that cannot be forced to mentally ill up. 
although your point and it get your point more better would keep you use that way of of much individuals. 
if you should start in such strong girls and queefs checking the cop. you are said real people and i'm announce 
please refrain from the hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't help your argument or add anything to the discussion in this thread. 
youtube down. reddit user policy reddit female (the color against a mental disability. don\'t not like understanding 
arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around 
the i did he understood the video recently. people. have people we have different tastes. but we could have different humans as you. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. 
this lady was a games perspective 
the term you have used is offensive offensive to the lgbt community and i might understood you are saying making these these moderators are not used it's believed here. 
using the words 'faggot fuckers' is offensive and homophobic. refrain from using such words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
it is necessary to be a term for intellectual disabilities to that is highly offensive to your so takes away from using term is politically offensive. 
this thread has been been closed with her in a language for you. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
generalizing a medical condition word that an female doesn't simply understand it is female. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
stop gender bashing womens bashing words. 
stop picking or racist words. 
using "ret---ded" to offend stupid is ignorant and please be careful. 
to take gender as an insult. 
utilizing 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
sexist and derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
n/a 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
watch all in this context 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. while some them either as they don't like that they're about others. 
pushing down men. i make that we want like come pay. this subreddit is a good place of racism in a great. 
that makes me don't care anyone have something to speak the women just can they're just she rather follow the fun across and the 7 eye. 
the word 'homosexual' is not incorrect term and has nothing at good argument and try to go civil. 
not tone in this subreddit is not your speech. 
please do not call the reasoning you target look in any hate people. 
that term is below the same way. it would really the right to not have legally was in paying family. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread 
when you use those word regarding someone you immediately find it is demeaning. 
please do not use offensive language that could be interpreted as hate speech. 
why would you have to use the harsh language. this is already with a better reason to use that kind of words. 
while maybe don't might share your views of thinking that it can't use the name calling. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this and cultural & do to remain professional and attacking hate names. 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to this. 
having different language doesn't make you seem look using sexist language 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
bitch" is a offensive word that is even needed it shouldn't irrelevant it to single in violence and unacceptable. 
you're disturbingly inclined to a conversation 
n/a 
avoid using language that may sexual choices on this feed. 
cops are like 
yeah this is a very ignorant but i think why he can caught a terrible at that person to be something content. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (idiot) and gender (cunt). refrain from such words. 
using a term that describes someone with a mental disability care that promote understanding. 
ok or totally on. 
please refrain from using hateful terms based on they their religious orientation. 
using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable and our conversations 
when you use words like that doesn't reflects poorly on your character. 
stop using that persons mental disability as an insult to serious political posters 
keeping people don't don't creative and you not say passes angry about 
i think i understood what women used to know anything else and move on. 
we ask that you review our user policies and hate speech. maintain suspended. this is our first policies thank you. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
"ret---ed" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families. 
wow kind of term is not appropriate idea and let's be up 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
everyone is entitled to an opini 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
hey now! please refrain from using sexist comments in the thread. they aren't hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be reported 
tell all that you find passionate about people point you should not use that term like that. that's a more medical condition. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it does nothing to your argument or the conversation as the thread 
stop using negative making honest gender. 
you being acculturated into terrorists. in your mother there's no you in using a word it's so offensive. 
using a slur that people with mental disabilities doesn't get your opinion behind is hurtful. 
haven't vague harsh? i don't know how her racist i cannot had to of my husband lets had with food in a emotional 
i understand this story is true. but i'm sure it serves and get this up. 
while that people feel like we all ask you positivity. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
this is an interesting perspective but this hard to digest when you use that word. 
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their ethnic background.
Language people. You can express your ire respectfully and we insist that you do so. Thank you.
Stop using mental impairments for insults on posts
Avert from using mental impairments as a way to insult users.
It's not right for anyone of any gender to be hurting the opposite gender
We ask that you refrain from using such terms to express your opinions of others intelligence. Your cooperation is appreciated.
Please stop using harmful words pertaining to a disability to insult cultures.
You shouldn't be bringing up sensitive topics. People have went through these kinds of things. To take them lightly is not acceptable.
Reddit is for everyone people we ask that you refrain from such hateful terms. Just a heads up thank you for your understanding.
Do not use a disability to voice your opinions.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
Using ableist slurs to imply low intelligence is harmful to people who have a mental disorder
I can tell you aren't meaning to be offensive
Please refrain from using hateful sexist in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread or the sub.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread
Women have made just as many accomplishments as men and men did not build everything that's inaccurate
Women boast way more accomplishments than you are giving credit for the point is so that those accoplishments don't get swept under the rug
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion in this sub
The wage gap is still present so that's inaccurate and using ableist words harms people with a mental disability
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Everyone is trying to make a buck and some people do it in crappy ways.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Using cunt as an insult to women is hate speech. Do not do that here.
Using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Its inappropriate to use that attack one based on their race and nationality such as 'dumb fucking hillbilly white people'.
Insulting someone because of their race is hate speech. Do not use that speech here.
Accusing someone of mental disability is offensive to them and people who really have mental disabilities.
You shouldn't be attacking people of a different religion.
Using a term like this is an attack on women. You should use a more logical response if you disagree with them.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others.
You shouldn't be attacking people who lead different lifestyles.
I wish I could have a discussion with you about this but I can't if you won't stop using slurs.
If you think someone made a mistake you do not need to attack people with mental disabilities.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others because of their gender.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Please do not use homophobic language.
Please do not use language that could be offensive to those with inellectual disabilities.
hey i know you just tossed it out there so why dont we think before using the 'r' word.
Please do not use racist and ableist language.
Using "brown" and putting things in quotes does not make an insult any easier to take or any less real.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything productive to the conversation.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
words like fag faggot fagbot and faggy are inappropriate as they attack one based on their sexual orientation. Refrain from such words.
Many people would find that language to be offensive and it shouldn't be tolerated.
Please don't use hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to contribute to the discussion in any productive manner.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Please refrain from the use of hateful ableist language in your posts.  It doesn't help your argument or add anything of value to the thread
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (retarded) and gender (bitch). Refrain from such words.
There is no need to be rude by being childish. Words have consequences and be careful about offending others.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing valuable to the discussion in this thread.
discourage users from using misogynistic slurs
I am sure you don't mean to mock a serious medical condition
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread.
I totally get your point
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing valuable to the discussion in this thread.
This whole post is so full of racial slurs that it's hard to read through.
Please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing of value to your argument or the discussion.
start a non-judgmental discussion about white and black men and the perceived judgments each one faces
These crude insults make everyone look bad. Treat each other with civility and you will maybe find a compromise
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
I think that unusual or strange would be a better descriptor.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
You are being very aggressive and hyperbolic with that language. You are putting words into peoples mouths and it is unsettling.
I wish I could have a discussion with you about this but I can't if you won't stop using slurs.
I know it is a meme but I think a more precise well thought out argument would be more appropriate.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
This situation seems really tragic and I think it is terrible but someone of any sex could be so awful.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
opinions can be expressed without the use of profanity
are gratuitously offensive and banned here.'
politically correct comments should not be used derogatorily
No the correct term is in fact disabled. The one you presented is an ableist slur
oppositions can be made clear without the use of profanity or slander
You can't have equality for only one group by definition so that doesn't make sense
Saying that the nazis were right is a pretty bold and inaccurate move. I don't feel like anyone committing genocide has the right idea
Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
comment without profanity and slander
Women actually make up a huge percentage of the gaming community so it's actually a smart move regardless of ableism implying bad ideas
Just because someone is a different race or religion doesn't mean they are a bad person.
When you use those sorts of slurs your argument is immediately invalidated.
Please do not use racist slurs on this website.
Your perspective is tainted by that sort of language.
Please do not use language that could be offensive to those with inellectual disabilities.
Just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they are less than you.
Please do not use language that is offensive to those with inellectual disabilities.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
It's hard to understand your perspective when you use that word.
i have to doubt the rest of your position when you just use the 'r' word to mean anything.
These people have went though some horrible things. You shouldn't criticize them.
Be mindful of harsh language. Not everyone cusses or belittles people with intelligence issues.
You can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others.
Watch the cussing and how you refer to people. Using cuss words all the time and referring to people as slang words is not necessary.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Using a word that demeans people based on intelligence is not accepted in the real word and can get you in more trouble than it's worth.
you have such a well thought position and then ruin it for me by using the 'r' word without thinking. you can do better.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value.
Using words that are demeaning and cussing unnecessary amounts is offensive to people and does not help advance the topic.
Don't use medical conditions as an insult.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Don't use gender based insults.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Please don't use medical conditions or sexual choices as an insult.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
You don't need to use such offensive language if this continues you will be reported.
Use of the c-word  and n-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults women and others.
If you do not quit using such offensive language you will be reported and banned.
Use of the slur here is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults gays.
If you do not quit using such offensive language you will be reported and possibly banned from our site
Use of the slur here is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults gays.
If you do not quit using such offensive language you will be reported and possibly banned from our site
Use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults people with mental disabilities.
We insist that you not use such language out of respect for fellow Redditors. Final warning. Thank you for your cooperation.
in calling everyone a bunch of retards you are acting offensively and inappropriately towards them
We respect all perspectives on Reddit but must insist you review our user policie regarding hate speech. Final warning. Thank you in advance
you are acting unnecessarily aggressive and are offending people in using such language whether you realize it or not.
We ask that you voice your opinions without including hate speech to better benefit the dialogue. First warning. Thank you.
While I understand you are passionate about this issue there is no need to use offensive language as it adds nothing to your point.
Using hate words speaks volumes about ones character.
Name calling is a childish way to describe someone.
Using foul language shows a lack of good vocabulary.
Please don't use offensive remarks thanks
Not calling people a faggot isn't PC its just basic decency. Using that word isn't a way to win anyone's respect.
Using foul language doesn't make a point anymore valid.
I assume it was because she felt she needed it or from a random impulse rather than mental deficiency.
There is no reason to name call someone just because you disagree with what they are saying.
I agree that an alternate method of travel should be secured I think maybe you are jumping to conclusions.
Although the criminal does deserve to be punished
Your temper seems to be running a bit high there are likely many non gender related issues for falsel reporting a crime.
why the r word is needed i'll never know. its just someones points
Disagreeing with someone is fine but there is no need to call them names and question there intellect.
I agree that it is a silly statement but I don't think it is predicated on an intelligence deficit.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are a bad  person.
Instead of insulting others you could explain their mistakes to them.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Instead of insulting others you could kindly explain their mistakes to them.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
please do not use offensive comments thanks
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
Please refrain from using offensive words thank you
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are a bad person.
I don't think that using words which a derogatory to one's gender identity belong in meaningful conversation.
Name calling the people you dislike isn't going to solve any problems.
Using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
please refrain from offensive remarks thank you
I do not agree with the woman committing fraud but we should not call her the c word and hope she is punished with legal charges.
This language is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at women.  It's sexist and wrong.
Please do not make offensive remarks towards people thank you.
Men are just as fault as women. Be respectful you do not know everyones stories.
This language is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at the intellectually disabled.  It's derogatory and wrong.
Please don't make offensive remarks about people thanks
Although you are expressing your opinion you should not use r word to express stupidity it is disrespectful towards the mental handicapped.
This language is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at the intellectually disabled and women.  It's derogatory and wrong.
Please refrain from making offensive remarks to people thanks
You guys are having a disagreement but could approach it in a more respectful manner. Try not using disrespectful words and be more mature.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words.
did that really make a point about anything? can you tell me why?
Its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
The whole subject is more nuanced than can be explained here. Ireland's GDP and regional performance has nothing to do with me
hey guys that hasnt added to anyones argument at all. lumping people together like that could be seen as dense.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (idiot) and gender (cunt). Refrain from such words.
Some people can't be trusted to tell the truth
1this just makes me think that you really dont think. using a real thought can make people who matter more apt to listen to you.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Woah! Please be careful with the words you choose. These words are considered derogatory and offensive. Thank you.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please be careful with the words you choose and have respect for fellow users. Instead you can opt for a more universally accepted word.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and or sex and gender in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please refrain from using these types of words which are commonly considered to be derogatory and offensive. Thank you for understanding.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
There is no need to be hateful even jokes can be seriously offensive.
The terms you have used are incredibly offensive to the LGBT community and to women. You need to use words that are less harmful.
Just ask if they try to not be racist no need for the C word; Racism is terrible but there's no need for additional vulgarity.
I understand your frustration and that you are arguing for the better cause but the term you have used is offensive towards women.
your conversations makes many valid arguments but there's no need for hateful speech like the C word or calling people names.
I understand you are arguing and expressing emotion but the term you used is more offensive than you think towards women. Use kinder words!
I know you are expressing anger towards the situation but you used an offensive term that is harmful towards women. Be more careful!
Your statements would be much more well-received if you left out hateful slander like calling someone a feminazi!
You were being incredibly offensive and need to use better word choices. You insulted women jews people of color and the disabled.
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
You're point would be taken better if you did not use that word.
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
we dont have to agree on this to each their own.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care.
Everyone has a differnet perspective let's change subject.
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care.
everyone has their vices don't waste more time on it.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
I don't think using words that perpetuate a negative stereotype show care or promote understanding.
i understand why this upsets you but it's not worth getting stressed over.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Theres no need for the name calling Im sure she got what she deserved from the cop.
n/a
You didnt have to turn this conversation into these dumb words.
n/a
You may be right but you didnt have to bring that word in.
Im sure your mother wouldnt agree with that language.
n/a
It's not going to make you feel better to use gendered insults.
I wonder what is going to take place after Sessions. I mean if anything will really change.
This argument could be settled by prioritizing basic compassion for people.
I agree it's disgusting that anyone would leave this lady to be harmed. We need more compassion in this world.
I cant wait to see this Marvel film! I love them all!
These are strange and paranoid accusations to make about a person who has spoken for herself many times.
Feminist gets a bad name and I'm a woman. Malala is a wonderful example of one getting something done.
Hey using this kind of language is insulting to people who don't hurt you.
I don't think the workers of the TSA have any control over that. And the comment sounds directed to them.
I'd be more inclined to agree with your argument if you did not use that kind of language.
Name calling speaks volumes about one's character.
The pejorative use of "fa--ot" is offensive and must be avoided here.
There are much better words that should be used to replace the foul language.
It's difficult to understand your perspective when you use that word.
"Ret--d(ed)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
The foul language and name calling leads to pointless arguments that have nothing to do with the topic.
Ret---ed" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults people with mental disabilities.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults women.
Racist language and sexist language is not allowed.
Ret---ed" and "ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; they should be avoided.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults people with mental disabilities.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
Ret--d" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
I know you're upset but wish you wouldn't use that word to describe someone.
Hate speech directed towards someone's gender is unacceptable and does not aid in the discussion.
Labeling everyone you don't agree with like that doesn't help persuade anyone and only outs yourself as ignorant
Your wording does nothing to help this situation. It's fine if we have different views but I wish you were respectful.
Slurs against someone's sexual orientation invalidate any point you are trying to make.
Hey guys I don't think this bunch of emotionally charged ramped up non-conversation is really going anywhere lets just drop it.
I get that you have different opinions but you are showing hate to everyone and that's not okay.
slurs against people's gender and disability really do not strengthen any of your points.
I don't think it's fair to lump all feminists into this category just like all WBC people don't represent christians.
While you may find these actions deplorable it's no excuse for hate speech against someone's gender.
Yeah she was bad but we should call the person out for the behavior not attribute it to their sex
There are much better ways to make a point than to liken a group you don't like to the disabled.
Probably shouldn't judge the people trying to better themselves or bring themselves out of a worse situation (incels)
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean their opinion is less than yours.
Using a derogatory term against someone you dislike puts down those with mental disabilities.
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
Disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. Disparaging someone because of their sexual orientation is not ok.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Avoid using impolite terms regarding a persons mental impairment.
Using a word like that immediately invalidates your argument.
Do not use that racial terms when talking about a culture.
It's hard for me to take you seriously when you use words like those.
Wow please do not use that sexually vulgar term when talking about a female.
I understand that you have a point you want to make but it's hard to acknowledge it when you use slurs.
I cannot take your comment seriously if you use words like those.
You both throw around the word retard like it doesn't offend people. Think twice next time.
The name calling and foul language only leads to pointless arguments that have nothing to do with the topic at hand.
Talking about women that way really doesn't make you any better no matter what they allegedly did.
Calling women names like that shows a serious lack of respect.
Using foul language and name calling doesn't make your point anymore valid.
There are better words that should be used to replace the foul language.
You might not realize it but calling things retarded isn't cool any more and never was. Try expanding your vocabulary.
Foul language makes others think you have a lack of a good vocabulary.
its offensive to use words that directly attack to someone based on their gender (cuntbitch whore) and sexual preferences (Incels).
Using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Stop the chatbox from displaying offensive words
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
Mocking people is definitely not the way to make friends.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to the conversation.
Easy there tiger!
Please refrain from using hateful ableist speech in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation.
Just because you disagree with something doesn't mean you should make fun of people with mental disabilities.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It doesn't help your argument or add to the discussion.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Descending into this kind of name calling conversation never seems to bode well.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance the discussion in this thread.
Hating an entire group of people based on the actions of a few people doesn't make any sense.
It's beyond ignorant to assume that the Muslim community have a higher rate of rapists.
Hey there Racist views are hurtful and derogatory. Please be considerate of others when posting. Thanks
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs when speaking about yourself or others.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language when speaking about others.
Please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language when speaking about others.
Hi There Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult when speaking about others.
It's very hard to take your point seriously when you use that word.
Please refrain from using racist language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything of value to the conversation in this sub.
Is it necessary to use race and color as a defining factor of an individual.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It isn't adding anything of value to the conversation here.
Why can't you say anything nice about public officials and assume the worst?
Using hateful ableist language isn't adding anything of value to your argument or this sub.  Please refrain in the future.
He was just telling a nice story. Why do you have to insult him and call him stupid?
Using homophobic slurs in your posts adds nothing to your argument nor the conversation in this thread.  Please refrain in the future.
Why are you all hateful towards everyone? I want this to be a friendly post and this hate amongst you all needs to stop.
It's hard to understand your point when you use a word like that.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread.
It's hard to listen to your perspective when you use words like those.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
When you use language like that it reflects poorly on your character.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
I'd be much more apt to agree with you if you didn't use that word.
Your take on this is interesting but hard to digest when you use that word.
'bitchy' just call them bitchy.
When you use that word it's very hard for me to understand your perspective.
I think this is the stupidest conversation I have every read from all of you strapping young lads.
When you use that sort of language it immediately invalidates your argument.
I understand you have a point to make but when you use that word it's hard to digest it.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your character.
I'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word.
Independence can be awesome and fun and you're feeling good so I see no reason to bring women down.
I am sorry you feel that way. Marriage can be beautiful if you both work at it together. Don't let little things bother you.
I wish I could have a discussion with you about this but I can't if you won't stop using slurs.
In today's world you need to be very careful with hate groups. I never understood why their so autonomous if they believe their cause.
I am sympathetic to your anger
If you ram into a cop car and actual violent then you will get tazed regardless if you're a man or woman. This wasn't any kind of pass.
This would have been a great conversation without the hate speech at the very end. Saying gullible SJW's kind of gets the point across eh?
Very strong statements you all are making. Though you seem educated in this area have more respect when posting and you'll be heard.
It's hard for me to take you seriously when you use words like those.
Such inflammatory statements should not be used so lightly. This is already a charged enough debate without being awful.
Women do deserve respect even when they act of emotionally. Remember we all have a mother and grandmother.
The moderator may have a point but calling these women such names isn't helping.
Its inappropriate to use the words 'white trash' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race and/or ethnicity in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Your post uses speech that denigrates ethnicity and/or national origin in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using the words 'cunt and bitch' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
I'm real tired of the disrespect Americans give our president. I don't like all his ideas or acts but he's our leader. Respect or leave.
Using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care.
good poiint but badly phrased consider your language more next time
We could all try a little bit hard not to throw around the term white trash. It is degrading and you really don't know each other.
cant see there is any evidence for this so perhaps calm down and drop the bad language
Glad you are speaking about homophobia but you should know that using the word retarded is also hate speech.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
just no need for that at all. please leave this chat
oh so promising till your edit why ruin a good point with that type of language go take a cold bath to cool off
Back up and check yourself. Calling people retards is not cool and it makes you sound immature.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
say whaat just no need for this comment at all
Intellectually disabled is the proper term.
I agree it's probably not true. People say these things to get attention. Be careful with the IRS though because they always find out.
Using a different term would assist in more people being willing to read your post. Try something useful next time please.
Yes the Republicans did. It will make sense if you read through it all again I'm sure.
Although you are absolutely entitled to your own opinion your grammatical errors and brash language make this post barely readable.
Kavanaugh was given a rough deal. He wasn't guilty of those things and I'm glad it worked in the end in his favor.
It sounds like you just don't like foreign women. This post would have had more hold if it wasn't so poorly written.
Pushing and kicking women who hold open the doors sounds awful. Just tell the security or whoever is working about it.
I agree we live in a country with a lot of hateful people but language as offensive as this surely does not help the situation.
Nobody should be treated this way. We all need more love in this world. Too much hate is surely going around.
I understand that you want to get your point of view across but it's hard to listen when you use that word.
This thread is closed. Refrain from using such terms in the future. Final warning. Thank you and have a wonderful day.
It's hard to see your side of things when you use that word.
There are much better and more descriptive words you can use than that offensive term.
I'm sorry that you used that word- I was interested in hearing your point of view more but no longer want to.
We insist you refrain from using said term when commenting. Please review our user policies. Reddit is for everyone after all.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence.
There is no use for using that vulgar term to talk about a person.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Nobody should ever promote someone else to assault people. I don't want to be assaulted and I doubt they do either.
Do not use a mental disability as a way to insult a political side.
That was a weird customer choice
Do not post sexually vulgar terms referring to female genitalia.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
That doesn't sound very fun. Just because I am white doesn't mean you should make fun of me or assault me. I think that's called racist.
Please do not use a mental disability as an insult
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Never go full hate speech people. Reddit is for everyone thanks and have a wonderful day.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread.
You're account is being temporarily suspended. You can appeal the ban by emailing our bans. Please review our code of conduct policy. Ty
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to contribute productively to the discussion in this sub.
Hate speech is not allowed people. We can express ourselves more respectfully and insist that you do so. Thank you.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread.
Persons with disabilities people have respect. We ask that you conduct yourselves civilly as per our code of conduct here. Thank you all.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion as a whole.
Incel is not an insult
We ask that you be respectful in your dissent and avoid hate speech. Thank you for your understanding and cooperation.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion in this sub.
You need to watch your language. This is not acceptable.
There's no need to use hateful language. We can convey the same message without using degrading words.
Not sure what's going on here but you need to watch your language. Thanks.
We can say the same thing.without using degrading language.
The word 'feminazi' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on gender and ideas.
This language is toeing the line. Please settle down.
There is no reason to equate rape victims to nazis.
Its inappropriate to use the word 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
Let's watch the language please. I understand you're quoting something but you don't have to use that word.
You do not need to use racial slurs.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
This is racism AND offensive. Watch the language you two.
Hateful language and racial slurs aren't necessary.
Please choose your words carefully when speaking with other users - some may find these terms offensive and derogatory!
I haven't heard about Sinead O'Connor since the early 90's. I wonder if she still sings.
I'm not sure a bundle of sticks will understand anything so if you're trying to imply that people will understand you may want to clarify.
Woah! Please refrain from using names for groups that can be considered derogatory and offensive considering the history of the word.
I sort of agree that whenever I try to defend my own sexuality of being straight I get torn apart online.
Please be careful with the words you use! They can be considered derogatory and offensive. Please stick to more universally accepted words.
Well this has gotten off track. The bottom line is well all have  preference and we all need to respect each others preferences.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
Please  refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion as a whole
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in the thread.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or add to the thread
Using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation.
Please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread
I don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. It adds nothing to your argument or the conversation of the sub as a whole
as this is ableist speech.'
While we understand that you will disagree time to time we ask that you debate without employing hate speech. Thank you
This thread is being closed. Refrain from such language in the future. This is your only and final warning. Thank you.
Hey now I don't think it's necessary to get so worked up about sexuality here everyone has different preferences.
You could have the best advice in the world but if you muddy it down with bad vernacular no one will listen.
as that is hate speech and not allowed.'
Come on people persons with disabilities refrain from hate speech. Continued usage will result in bans. Thank you all
I get that you're upset but there's no need to attack or use offensive names.
I am sorry that you feel my reply was invalid. I do not appreciate the name calling in return. We are allowed different opinions.
Using foul language and name calling doesn't make your point more valid.
I am sorry about your experience. Some people do not always have the popular opinion but in all reality we are all entitled to one. Cheers.
I get what you are saying but please don't use that term to define people. It can be offensive and takes away from the message.
The foul language used shows a lack of a good vocabulary.
Regardless of the gender of the person involved a law is a law. Sometimes people react inappropriately and it has consequences.
There was no reason to add that name calling. Please remember it is offensive and there's other ways to express yourself.
Name calling is a childish way to describe someone.
Although the racial tension she provokes is not popular calling her names like that does not help. Be the change.
There's no need to start name calling just because people disagree.
Putting others down speaks volumes about one's character.
Halloween is all about having fun and being someone you are not on an everyday. Let's have fun and celebrate not hate.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
using retarded as an insult qualifies as hate speech please refrain from using it
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using cunt as an insult for a woman is hate speech. Do not say that here.
Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (retards) and gender (bitch). Refrain from such words.
Using retards to insult someone is hate speech. Do not use it.
I don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Totally unnecessary to use hateful language about women to comment on story.
Hey now do not type that term when voicing your opinions on an issue.
Totally unwarranted to use hateful language about women in your post.
Ret--ds" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families
It's hard to follow your argument when you use that sort of language.
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted. Thank you
It's very hard to want to understand your perspective when you use that sort of language.
hey there homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thank you
Ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
I'd be more interested in your perspective if you did not use that word.
Hi There Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
"Trumptard
"f-g
and the deranged hate speech surrounding them
It's very difficult to continue this conversation with you when you use that sort of language.
Hey There derogatory and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Please don\'t use the word "retarded" here. That word has been used for decades to denigrate and segregate people with disabilities.
Theres no need to bring the mentally diminished into this.
Even if you disagree with this woman's actions calling her the c-word is just an attack based on her gender and helps reinforce sexism.
The court did their job without calling her such.
Using "cunt" as an insult just insults womanhood -- it reinforces the sexist idea that being a woman is inferior bad undesirable.
Im not sure your mother would appreciate your language.
Using "cunt" as an insult relies on the sexist idea that being a woman is inferior bad undesirable and reinforces sexism.
IM pretty sure they didnt need your two cents added.
Don't insult people over their sexual choices.
Please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation of the sub.
Hey there homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Hey there Racist views are hurtful and derogatory. Please be considerate of others when posting. Thank you
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
The reflexive and gratuitous use of "fa--ot" here is patently offensive and should be eliminated.
"Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is offensive and hateful and so should be avoided.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Insults based on gender are not ok
While we appreciate your stance we ask that you please respect persons with disabilities. Thank you for your understanding.
Insults based on gender are not ok
We recognize your right to your opinions but ask that you refrain from derogatory and sexist insults. Thank you for your understanding.
Insults based on disability are not ok
We acknowledge your right to your opinion and it's expression but insist that you not use derogatory terms for people with disabilities. Ty.
Insults based on disability are not ok
Use of that term is not tolerated on Reddit. Consider this a first warning and please review our user policies and code of conduct. Ty.
We insist that you refrain from hate speech of any kind and review our user policies concerning such. This is a first warning. Thank you.
Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. Please review our user policies and consider this a final warning. Thank you for your cooperation.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Just say stupid woman. I understand this is a horrible deal
Such terminology is not tolerated on Reddit. Please review our user policies and consider this a first warning.
Using a derogatory term against someone is putting down the people with actual mental disabilities.
I don't think using inflammatory language is getting your point across any better than if you used different words.
Name calling someone you disagree with is not going to help anything.
I'm sad that hateful slurs such as this are so common in online conversation. Perhaps you could make an effort to change.
Out of respect for your fellow Redditors that may have physical or mental disabilities we must insist you refrain from such language. Ty
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean that they are less intelligent than you.
Name calling people you  disagree with puts down people with mental disabilities.
Insults based on gender are not ok
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
I would avoid using that word to describes someones family member
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
while the rest are spirited
Comments do not add anything to discussion besides being insulting
I don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability or that refer to a certain gender's parts belong in careful conversation.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care.
gosh
Try to avoid using slurs against women even on parody
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
People are too serious. Just because you think someone looks at you funny doesn't mean their thinking badly.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
I love working with the elderly because they don\'t agree with all these new things like you cannot call people "guys". Come on.
It must be a pain that not everyone is on the same page. At least their making a lot of money though.
Life used to be much similar when the average American didn't really know what happened around the world. Like in the 90's.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Now the entire world is too sensitive. Everyone has some sort of accent to someone else across the world. We all joke about each other.
Disparaging someone because of a gender is not ok.
Please try not to think about women in these terms.
Disparaging someone because of a disability or sexual orientation is not ok.
I don't understand why this is the go-to insult for someone you don't like.
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
A simple degree of research will tell you that this is not true.
Wow these are some lucky ladies. My husband takes care of me too but I don't complain like this.
Using language like that to describe women shows a lack of respect.
Twitter has this new policy but it's getting out of control. I hear their banning people from the first offense.
The foul language should be replaced with more appropriate words.
There are better words that can be used to replace the foul language.
I am remarried and this time it's a better arrangement. So don't think because the first was bad that they're all bad.
There are better words that can be used instead of the foul language.
She got sentenced to death so I don't see what the judge did that was bad.
Name calling is childish way to describe someone.
Using retarded to insult something is hate speech. Do not use it here.
Insults based on gender are not ok
Insults based on sexual orientation are not ok
Using faggot as an insult is hate speech. Do not use it here.
Insults based on gender are not ok
"Retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
It's hard to understand your perspective when you use that word.
"Retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Don't use a medical condition as an insult.
"Retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
I'd like to continue this discussion with you but it's very hard to when you use those words.
"Retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread
I understand that you have a point you want to make but it's hard to acknowledge it when you use slurs.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion in this thread
I cannot take your comment seriously if you use words like those.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this sub.
I cannot listen to your argument if you keep using slurs like that.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this sub.
Using that word really hinders your argument.
Using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
Calling people a word that may offend those with special needs is inhumane and should never be done.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Language that demeans a gender does not advance the topic at hand.
Disparaging someone because of their race is not ok.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Disparaging someone because of their sexual orientation is not ok.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
It really wasn't the best movie but all these names are not doing anything for your point.
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
The phrase "filthy c--t" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
No wonder people make anti-white statements when you act this way. Maybe lookin in the mirror before calling others names. Let's get along.
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
I was enjoying your reply until you had to throw in the word "retarded". Sounds like you are still a pre-teen using that language.
Try another insult that doesn't disparage the disable and I might agree with you.
Using "Ret--dation" pejoratively may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
You almost sounded smart until you used the word "retardation". What a weak way to try and make a come back.
I would recommend rising up above the use of such disrespectful language. Just because you're angry with someone doesn't justify such words.
Both mentioning the "N word" and using "c--t" pejoratively are demeaning and offensive and so do not belong in intelligent commentary.
You are all clearly shining examples of men who need help. No offense but you sound like immature people that need to grow up.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean their opinion is less valid.
Its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you.
Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Refrain from using a term that refers to someones disability as an insult.
Please take the unhealthy words out of your speech and say nicer things.
Woah you can post on here without using that vulgar term.
Eliminate the damaging speech please and stick to your point.
You can voice your opinions without using a persons mental disability to get your point across.
Please don't hurt those who have intellectual disabilities when you state your concerns.
Do not use hateful terms regarding a persons sexuality to insult others.
Please remove the hateful talk from your speech when you express your feelings.
These people have went though some horrible things. You shouldn't criticize them.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
You shouldn't be insulting people who have different opinions than you.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
Using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
Its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value.
I don't think that using words which a derogatory to one's gender identity belong in meaningful conversation.
Its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Cops need to be professional and citizens need to be respectful. Then these things won't happen.
There is no need for him to get violent with her
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Even if Russia was doing this it didn't change the popular vote. Hilary never had a chance.
Just because you disagree with him doesn't mean you can call him names.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Exactly. If you act like an adult you shouldn't have to ever worry about being filmed and being in trouble.
If she was in the wrong just make sure the proper authoritys handle it. There is no need to call her names
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
All that ranting I still don't get why you're mad at Sony. Try to make a point without the swearing.
Calm down im sure you can find a way to talk about what is upsetting you without resorting to name calling
Its inappropriate to use faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
I don't appreciate you saying that. We may have differing opinions and we should leave it at that.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using the word 'idiot' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
I don't think that you should talk about others like that. It's okay if we disagree. We don't have to have the same opinions.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (idiot) and gender (cunt). Refrain from such words.
I disagree with you and wish that you wouldn't judge people.
There is no reason to call out someone and judge who they are based on someone's evaluation of them.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread
Please discontinue making the harmful remarks to others.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion.
Please discuss your concerns without the abusive words.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread
Please use more hospitable language and avoid the trash talk.
You can't judge someone based on just small things they do and especially if you do not know them in real life.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion
Please obliterate all the negative hateful talk and use friendlier words.
Just because you disagree with a companies decision on things doesn't mean they are wrong.
Please take out the disrespectful language and be kinder to others in your speech.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
Both the term "c--t" and the gender-based misogynistic hate speech in which it is embedded are not welcome in this forum and so banned.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
Using the term "c---" and hate-fueled misogyny are offensive and must be avoided here.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Praying doesn't make a person gay and that word has been used purely for oppression and attack purposes against the LGBT community
The auto-mod speaks the truth...
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean their opinion is less valid.
Travel bans against an entire race is racist. Also environmentalists just want to preserve the planet for future human sustainability.
Every time I see the word "retard
Your argument would be more influential if you didn't use that word.
This sounds like a direct threat to all males. She should be arrested for saying that.
The use of foul language shows a lack of vocabulary.
He was brave trying to invite the side chick to the wedding... But clearly she found out and wasn't having it!
The foul language and name calling takes away from the point of the topic.
I'd be more inclined to agree with your point if you didn't use that word.
I cannot stand when this happens. I know times change but leave things as they're written in the original.
The name calling and foul language speaks volumes about your character.
I understand your side of this argument but it's hard to agree with when you use that word.
That is good. You cannot go around smacking people because their ideas are different.
The use of foul language shows a lack of vocabulary.
I agree I don't think she deserves the death penalty for doing this during a war. It isn't the same.
Using foul language shows a lack of a good vocabulary.
You can better describe these people with different words without retracting from the conversation. In fact it would improve it.
I think you're trying to say that famous people don't go through the same struggle.
There are much better ways to describe things besides resorting to foul language and name calling.
Treat others as you would what to be treated. You would not want someone using the wrong pronoun for you or call you names. Be kind to all.
That word isn't in the dictionary so I cannot define it.
The foul language shows a lack of a good vocabulary.
There is no justification for the use of that word there. You can easily say something else or say nothing at all. You post adds nothing.
There are much better words that can be used to replace the foul language.
Do not respond to hate speech with more hate speech. It only fuels the flames. Be a good example and have rational discussions.
Don't worry I agree with you. I'm a woman who married for love not money. We are not all equal.
The name calling and foul language speaks volumes about your character.
Do not claim fact if it is not a fact and you do not have a source to back yourself up. It is better to not contribute than to lie.
Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Calling someone that is not appropriate. Its an insensitive term for someone's mental disability
Stop the chatbox from displaying offensive words.
Ret---ed" and "ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; they should be avoided.
Calling someone by that term is insensitive and disrepectful to someone's mental disability.
Fa--ot" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
That term is not appropriate to use as its insensitive to someone's exual orientation.
discourage users from using homosexual slurs
Ret---ation" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families it must be avoided.
That term is insensitive to people with mental disabilities.
Stop the chatbox from displaying offensive words.
That is very inappropriate. Please refrain from using terms with foul language.
Open a dialogue on speech about women and men's anger towards them
I am sympathetic to your anger
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
this is needless generalization meant to inflame arguments
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
It's hard for me to understand your point when you use language like that.
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
I'd like to continue this discussion with you but I can't if you use language like that.
not all muslims are terrorists.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
When you use a word like that it immediately invalidates your argument.
This isn't at all funny and it isn't made more funny by being insulting.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
It's hard to take you seriously when you use that offensive term.
There are a lot of reasons you can't use that word and you should educate yourself further.
It's very hard to understand your perspective when you use a word like that.
Please don't look for reasons to dismiss the real pain that people are expressing to you.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence.
I'm sure that you could have thought of a better word to use in this situation.
I'd be more interested in your opinion if you didn't use that word.
That word is unnecessary and insulting. I know many people who are mentally disabled and they're smarter than the people you're describing!
Using hateful ableist language contributes nothing of value to the conversation of the sub.  Please refrain in the future
Don't compare the mentally disabled to people you simply disagree with. A lot of them are smarter than the people you're describing!
Please refrain from the use of sexist and ableist language in your posts.  It is not contributing anything of value to the conversation
Please don't use that word to describe women. I'm a woman and I often agree with you but this word is obscene and unnecessary.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation or the sub.
You are not retarded. A retarded person has a mental disability they have no control over. You are simply an idiot.
Please refrain from the use of hateful ableist language in your posts.  It is not contributing anything productive to the conversation.
Sounds like those that agree that this is not a "pass" could have used less offensive language if they truly respect women in general.
Stop attacking gender. This is not the day in age to bring in gentrification.
Belittling women and using racist language against different classes of people only makes matters worse.
Intellectually disabled is the proper term these days.
Language that truly speaks to your education level.
Using a slang term that refers to a woman's body is not acceptable.
Great story but you lost me in all the extra profanity.
Belittling people based on intelligence is never acceptable and using words that can offend genders is not accepted. Be politically correct
While you may disagree with the views of others we ask that you refrain from using hate speech during debate. Thank you
Please do not use derogatory language for women or transgender slurs.
Please do not use derogatory religious slurs.
Please do not use derogatory language for women.
Please refrain from using such language or you will be banned.
Please do not use derogatory language for women.
When you use that word it makes me immediately want to stop conversing with you.
Language that attacks someones disability is not allowed.
It's very hard to follow your argument when you use that word.
Language that attacks another person based off of political belief is not allowed.
I'd be more inclined to listen to your side if you didn't use that word.
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your character.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
When you use that word it automatically invalidates your argument.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
so many legit things you could say to insult her but instead you insult all the wrong people.
I get your point
lets get away from using that word as catch all for everything stupid can we.
lets dont insult all women when you really are trying for just one.
Please refrain from abusive remarks thanks
We seem to be focusing on the wrong part of the story the deadly bus crash.
You're account has been suspended. You can appeal the ban by emailing  a Moderator. Please review our user policies in the meantime.
CBC was wrong though their statement was right. It's ok to be any race
There is no need to get angry insulting or aggressive. You are free to move on from threads you don't like.
We insist that you not use such terms and review our user policies. Such derogatory terms have no place here. First warning. Thank you.
There really isn't any reason to label or criticize an entire group that wasn't even involved in the video.
Reddit is for everyone. We ask that you refrain from such derogatory terms in the future. Thank you.
Ok so back to the fact she had $9.76 million reward and it wasn't enough. I would be happy with just getting child support weekly.
There is no need to resort to personal attacks or blanket statements about women.
This thread has been closed and several of you banned. You can appeal this action by emailing a Moderator. Thank you have a nice day.
Sony and video game developers in general need to stop giving in to this. I believe there's plenty of people willing to buy it as is.
Let's tone down the insults a bit and just discuss the article.
Such language is not tolerated on Reddit. Consider this a first warning. We thank you in advance for your cooperation.
please do not use offensive language
maybe if you were less racist people would be more interested in conversing with you
please do not use offensive and racial language
please try to choose your words in a more sensitive manner
please do not use offensive language
you have the right to be upset but your word choice is very insensitive
please do not use offensive or racial language
it seems as though you have some deep seated issues with people of other races lynching an entire race of people for a crime is absurd.
please do not use offensive language
please do not threaten harm to others
I get that you have a point you want to make
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
The use of foul language shows a lack of a good vocabulary.
I'd be more inclined to agree with your perspective if you didn't use that word.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
The use of foul language and name calling does nothing more than start pointless arguments.
Using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Name calling is a childish way of describing someone.
It's difficult for me to want to listen to your perspective when you use that word.
Using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Foul language like that shows a lack of respect for others.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
The pejorative usage of "bitch" and "c--t" being gender-targeting terms of  hate is not allowed in this forum.
Name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to help anything.
Using "ret--d" pejoratively may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
Use of the racially targeting hate-filled "n word" offends many and so does not belong in intelligent commentary
Just because someone is a different race doesn't mean they are less than you.
This use of "ret---ed" offends the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided in this forum.
Using a derogatory term to describe something you dislike is making fun of people with mental disabilities.
Using the word 'idiot' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Lovecraft wasn't bad but it had some issues with diversity. My issue now is the way you guys are trying to be heard.
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race or someone's religion is not productive in conversion and does not show care.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Child abuse is never okay but let's lead by example. Stop pushing violence against violence.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
My whole thing is if you don't like using than just don't use it. I don't use certain apps and I don't complain about them.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
That is actually a funny story. I doubt he used those words to her face. He had more respect not to.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I hope her daughter doesn't either but let's stop calling our beautiful women these negative names.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Language that attacks someones sexual orientation is not allowed.
I think any valid opinion you may have is invalidated for people when you use words like "faggotry
Language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed.
Even if she's a bad lady probably shouldn't use such strong words about her or her friends that we know nothing about?
Language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed.
Physical abuse isn't okay and it doesn't make it okay that it happened to a woman who has sex with people you deem more attractive than you
Language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed.
Yeah this woman did something wrong but don't make it into a sex issue it's a mental health issue. Son vs daughter doesn't matter
Using a word that is derogatory towards women doesn't add meaning to what you were saying; some men are feminists
Using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
This term you have used is offensive to women whether you realized it or not. You need to be more careful with the words that you choose!
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
The term you have used is offensive to the disabled community even if you didn't mean to offend. You should refrain from using this term!
The offensive word you used adds negative emotion to your content and doesn't influence more valuable discussion.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
The term you have used was not appropriate and can be offensive and harmful to women. You need to consider better word choice!
Using the word 'cunty' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using a word that is derogatory towards people with Asperger's syndrome doesn't add value to the discussion.
Using the word 'spergy' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
You can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others.
The point isn't that she's a woman
Insults based on gender are not ok
There's no reason to use profanity to attack others.
Regardless of how you feel about the verdict it doesn't help your point any to use ableist slurs as an insult to someone's lack of knowledge
Insults based on disability are not ok
Wow bot
Insults based on nationality are not ok
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
Insults based on gender are not ok
Instead of insulting others you could explain their mistakes to them.
It's hard to understand your perspective when you use that slur.
That is not appropriate talk on here. Avoid using sexual terms when talking about others.
Do not use vulgar terms when talking about others.
I'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use those slurs.
Do not use hateful terms regarding sexuality in your posts. And do not use a mental disability as an insult.
The foul language leads to nothing but pointless arguments that have nothing to do with the topic.
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
The use of foul language shows a lack of a good vocabulary.
These people have went though some horrible things. You shouldn't criticize them.
There are much better words that can be used to replace the foul language.
There's no reason to call people names. They're not harming you in any way.
Name calling and foul languages speaks volumes about one's character.
There is nothing wrong with being gay. Please be respectful to others.
Using foul language shows a lack of a good vocabulary.
Not everyone is born the same way and you should respect that.
Using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
There is no tolerance of hate speech here. Remove your posts referring to handicapped individuals in hate context.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Hate speech regarding women is not tolerated. Remove your post immediately from this site or you will be banned.
It would better if everyone stopped using that word as a casual derogatory term. It's highly offensive to women.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
All comments relating to racism and sexism are prohibited.
I don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation.
I get your argument but watch the language a bit.  That word is offensive to many.
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
I was following your argument until you started using offensive words.  That really discredits your argument.
I don't think that using words which a derogatory to one's gender identity belong in meaningful conversation.
I understand you're not a native speaker but that word is quite offensive to many.  I'd back off using it.
I hope we can move forward without the slurs and hateful language. Good points can be made without being bad people.
Stop using that sexually vulgar term when referring to the female gender
Refrain from calling females that vulgar term.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to your argument or the sub's discussion.
You know 'asinine' is a wonderful and under-used word that could be used in place of hurtful language. I have many other suggestions!
You're smart enough to not use hateful language to get your point across.
Please do not use a mental impairment to insult others.
Using the "c---" term malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Name calling speaks volumes about one's character.
The use of "fa--ots" here as a pejorative is patently offensive and should be eliminated.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Name calling shows one's true character.
The use of "fa--ot" here can be patently offensive to many and so should be eliminated.
Using sexuality as a way to insult something is only showing of your lack of creativity
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Using "c--ts" to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
If you want to be taken seriously you need to find a less offensive way to get your point across.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman specifically on the basis of her sex in a hateful manner.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your character.
It's hard for me to understand your point when you use language like that.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman specifically on the basis of her sex in a hateful manner.
It's hard for me to take you seriously when you use words like those.
"Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
I understand that you have a point you want to make but it's hard to acknowledge it when you use slurs.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
You shouldn't be attacking people who lead different lifestyles.
Ignorance does not deserve such a callout and hateful response. Additionally those with mental disabilities take offense at such remarks.
You shouldn't be insulting people who have different cultures and customs than you.
You can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others.
No need to use such a term
Insults based on gender  or sexual orientation are not ok
"Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
Insults based on sexual orientation or disability are not ok
First comment is hatefully homophobic and misguided. "Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people with intellectual disability.
"Retard" and the n-word are hateful words that are used to demean people who belong to certain minorities and should not be used.
Insults based on gender are not ok
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean these women on the basis of sex in a hateful manner.
Using foul language makes people think you have a lack of a good vocabulary.
Insults based on gender aren't ok.
There are much better ways to describe someone besides resorting to name calling.
Insults based on gender are not ok
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
The use of such foul language can make others think you have a lack of a good vocabulary.
Language that demeans based on disability is not ok
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
The use of foul language shows a lack of a good vocabulary.
Language that demeans based on disability or gender is not ok
Use of such terms is not tolerated on Reddit. Please refrain from such hate speech and consider this a first warning. Thank you.
Your account is temporarily suspended. You can appeal the ban by emailing a Moderator. Thank you.
While I can understand your anger towards this woman; I wouldn't wish rape on her. That is a very hateful thing to hope for someone.
Personal attacks and hate speech are not tolerated. Reddit is for everyone including Russians. This is your first warning.
It is wrong to generalize an entire nation of people. There will be good people and bad people any where you go.
Please refrain from such terms when expressing your opinion. Your fellow Redditors with mental disabilities would appreciate it.
We insist that you refrain from using said term to refer to persons with disabilities. Reddit is for everyone. Thank you for understanding.
There are better ways to be critical of actions you don't agree with most of which do not insult or disrespect those with mental disability
Such hateful language does not contribute to the conversation and only serves to denigrate those you disagree with.
Ironically inquiring if someone is mentally disabled is incredibly disrespectful and offputting to those who struggle with such conditions.
Such hateful language against a woman is uncalled for. There are more constructive ways you can go about criticizing her actions.
Spiritual based.
Calling someone you don't like an anti-female slur isn't cool towards women.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Hi There homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thanks
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
I would be upset
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Wow that is just terrible.
The terms you have used are offensive to both the LGBT community and the disabled community. There are kinder words that can be used here.
I need to know where these women live. Because I buy my own PC's and phones. I love Android!
The term you have used was not necessary and is offensive/harmful to the disabled community. You need to use a better word choice here.
Racism has no place in videogames. If someone doesn't like a character just don't play that one.
You made a thorough comment but used hateful language in it. The term used is very offensive to the disabled community.
I totally understand. I need 2 broken teeth out and it's $700 each where I am so I'm toughing it out.
The term you have used offends the disabled community and is not necessary. There are different words you can use in replacement.
YouTube shouldn't be able to edit my comments without me checking them first. That is how false allegations start.
The term used here is very offensive towards the disabled community; there are better less offensive words that can be used instead.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Why did you bring a word like that into a conversation about children's books?
Rowling is a brilliant writer her anatomy has no bearing on the books
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
It makes me uncomfortable that you're using this as a joke to mock people.
Those who live violently tend to end that way I highly recommend peace.
Given that you're defending her I don't think it helps your argument to use gendered insults.
Stop talking about women like they aren't a part of this conversation. They can stand up for themselves!
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I think you have missed the point of this story because of your hatred toward women.
You're just salty because she doesn't give you the time of day. Chill bro!
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
It can't be good for you to make words like that a part of your regular use.
You're* ignorance is showing.  You're* in no position to comment on anyone's behavior.
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Language that attacks someones race gender sex disorder or sexual orientation is not allowed.
You can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others and calling them names.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
There's no reason to call people names. They're not harming you in any way.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult.
There are much more appropriate words that can be used to replace the foul language.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult and attacking others based on their race.
Name calling is a childish way to describe someone.
Name calling speaks volumes about your character.
"Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
I know you are joking but it is not funny to use such derogatory language. Please respect others in your community.
Gay people that I know are nice
"Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
The Mods have their reasons for their compromise. If you have questions you can message them directly instead of calling them names.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
If you found his comment not to your liking you can politely disagree or ignore it altogether instead of using obscene language.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
We insist that you choose your words carefully and review our user policies out of respect for your fellow female Redditors. Thank you.
It's hard to follow your point when you use words like those.
We must insist that you take care to show respect for your fellow female Redditors. This is a first warning. Thank you.
Your analysis of the situation would have been more effective without the use of that word.
We respect your right to voice your opinion but must insist you not use said term ever again. First warning. Thank you in advance.
Your point would be taken more seriously if you chose to use a different word.
We respect everyone's opinion but cannot tolerate use of said term. Please review our user policies. Final warning. Thank you in advance.
It's unfortunate that you chose to use that term I would have liked to hear more from your perspective.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature or demeans one gender identity contribute to a productive conversation.
Disparaging someone because of their gender or sexual orientation is not ok.
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It doesn't add to your argument or the debate in this thread
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It isn't aiding your argument or adding anything productive to the sub
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Disparaging someone because of a genderis not ok.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in the sub.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It doesn't help your argument or add to the conversation.
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity or reference sex parts do not promote understanding.
Disparaging someone because of their sexual orientation or gender is not ok.
Please refrain from using homophobic and misogynistic insults.  It adds nothing valid to the conversation in this thread.
Stop insulting people due to their gender sexual choices and religious beliefs.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Stop using gender based insults.
I hope that you realize that using the vulgar words only distracts and takes away from the argument that you're trying to make.
Hey now do not use that vulgar term when insulting others. And do not use vulgar terms disguised as other words.
Just because you dislike someone doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
Please watch it.  That word is extremely offensive to many people in today's society.
Please keep the vulgar sexual terms to yourself and not on these posts when referring to women.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean their opinion is less valid.
I understand your point but your vulgarities are taking away from your point.  If you back off the offensive language people will listen.
Hey don't use mental disabilities as an insult.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Using bitch and cunts as insults towards women is hate speech and cannot be done here
These people lead different lifestyles than you. You shouldn't criticize them.
Using faggot as an insult is hate speech do not use it here
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Using retard as an insult is hate speech do not use it here
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread.
Use of such language is disrespectful towards those who are mentally disabled - please be considerate when choosing your words
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread.
The use of such language disrespects those with mental disabilities
Please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts.  It's not adding anything productive to the discussion in this thread
Mental disability is not something to laugh at and those with disabilities deserve respect
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing productive to the discussion.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
I'd like to continue this discussion with you but I can't if you use language like that.
You using a person's race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
I'd be more open to hearing your side of this if you didn't use that kind of language.
Unfortunately your response has no merit nor offers any real insight.
I'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that offensive language.
People have different opinions and respond differently to certain things. There is no reason to cuss someone out and say they aren't smart.
Woah! Do not use a persons mental disability to insult each other. There is no place for that here.
Refrain from using mental impairments as a way to insult.
Just because someone posts stuff you do not like doesn't mean you should call them names.
Please stop using crude sexual terms when posting on here.
Just because someone has said something offensive does not give you the right to act like them as well.
Do not use profane sexual terms when posting on here.
it´s 'must have'
This word is offensive to the disabled.
Racism & disability discrimination are harmful to others and are unacceptable ways of speaking to others. Please refrain from using "retard"
Using the "r" word is offensive to the disabled.
The word 'retarded' is highly offensive to those with intellectual disabilities and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Destroyed these girls
The use of the "c" word is cruel offensive and inappropriate.
The word 'cunt' is highly offensive to women and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
The word 'retarded' is highly offensive to those with intellectual disabilities and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Use of the "c" word is very vulgar and inappropriate. There are plenty of other ways to get your message across.
The word 'cunt' is offensive to women and is unacceptable langue that should not be used nor should violence be incited against others.
This language is completely unacceptable. This is your only warning.
The n-word used here is unnecessary and unhelpful.
A denigrating word for women should not be conflated to mean someone who acted in a careless way.
I don't disagree with your statement but please watch the language.
No eleven year could make that decision. This was a case of statutory rape no question.
Watch your language please. This is inappropriate.
While much of this language is offensive this particular comment uses an actual slur against a group of people.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
I understand that you have a point you want to make but it's hard to acknowledge it when you use slurs.
The new format sounds like a good idea.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
I cannot take your comment seriously if you use words like those.
I didn't know Bono did that. If it's true that's awful. We need to help people in crisis and stop making money OFF of them.
Using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I cannot listen to your argument if you keep using slurs like that.
Right. She is saying she worked hard like I have for years to get here. And now women are picked because their women; we don't like it.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using that word really hinders your argument.
In this case I agree as a women I prefer men in command. But if a women is truly qualified over a man than she deserves to lead.
Your point would be more accepted if you found a way to make it without using that language.
The viewers should be the only ones to say if a movie is good or not. I disagree with critics all the time. I say get rid of them.
It's unnecessary to be so vulgar and rude about your opinion
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It doesn't aid your argument or add to the conversation of the sub.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread.
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to your argument or the conversation.
This comment was truly disrespectful and very unnecessary. Calling people out their name isn't the way to get your point across
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It isn't contributing anything productive to the sub.
Language that attacks someones sex sexual orientation or disability is not allowed.
No need to insult women with hateful language in your post.
Name calling is a childish way to describe someone.
Totally unnecessary to use hateful language about women to express opinion on post.
Using foul language doesn't make one's point any more valid.
We are mixed and diverse already. Even though people say I'm white
No need to insult people with a disability using hateful language in your post.
There are more appropriate words that should be used to replace the foul language.
If you answer any question with a question
Totally unwarranted to insult people with a disability to express your opinion.
The Pulse Night Club shootings were terrible. I may not be the same as those who died but it doesn't mean they should die.
Comments using hateful language about race or disability are not funny or warranted.
Name calling in such a way speaks volumes about one's character.
Both the term "fa--ot" and puerile and mindlessly-expressed hate speech are banned here.
That sentence was nothing but a string of hateful slurs.
Both the term "c--t" and misogynistic death threats and not allowed in this forum.
I don't agree with what she did but that language is really graphic for a family forum.
Both the term "ret--ded" and ill-considered misogynistic hatred are banned in this forum.
The argument was engaging until this immature comment that mocks a serious condition.
The word "ret--ded" anti-Muslim rants and rampant misogyny are banned in this forum.
You can prove your point without being completely hateful to women.
The opprobrious phrase "ya mangy c--ts"being offensive to many is banned in this forum.
That's a highly offensive word here in America.
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It adds nothing to the conversation in this thread.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
Please refrain from using ableist language in your posts.  It is adding nothing productive to the thread.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Please refrain from using sexist language in your posts.  It is not adding anything productive to the conversation in this thread.
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
Please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts.  It doesn't aid your argument or add anything productive to the conversation.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
So
Your language is offensive. Any further comments will result in your removal from this forum.
What you are saying is very problematic! Nips is very derogatory as is retarded. If you are serious about inclusion you wouldn't say that.
Maybe journalist stop responding because you use hateful speech like "retarded"
The term you have used is offensive and very inappropriate! There are better words you can use in this situation that don't offend others.
Using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
The terms used here are incredibly offensive to other women and not just the people involved in the conversation. Be more careful!
Using the words 'cunt and bitch' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words.
The term used is inappropriate and very offensive to the disabled community. You need to choose your words more carefully!
Using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
The word you have used is in reference to offensive language towards the disabled and should not be used! Be more careful with your words.
Its inappropriate to use words like incel and cunt as they attack someone directly based on their sexual preferences and gender respectively
Re---d" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so is forbidden.
Don't use a medical condition as an insult.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Re---d" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so is forbidden.
Don't use a medical condition as an insult.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Don't use gender based insults.
Re---ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so is forbidden.
Using mental disability as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
Disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Using that language drowns out whatever points you're trying to make no matter if they're valid or not!
Disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok.
Using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation
You guys could probably get your point across better without using the R word. it doesn't make you look good
Please avert from saying inappropriate terms regarding someones disability to insult others.
I can't explain how badly I wish everyone would stop using this word.  It is harmful and hateful.  We should try harder.
Please do not use racial slurs when posting on feeds.
It is 2019.  Surely SURELY you can think of a better word.
It's really terrible that she did that and I don't have much sympathy for her
Wow! Do not use that vulgar sexual term when voicing your opinion.
While I certainly understand the anger behind it please refrain from using this word that has been historically used to describe women.
I understand that her actions were deplorable but you don't need to stoop to her level by using that word.
No matter what the other person does don't stoop to their level by demeaning yourself into a mudslinging contest.
Referring to a person in this manner is not necessary.  Just because his opinions are not yours does not mean he has a problem.
"Retard" and "faggot" are hateful words used to demeans intellectually disabled and gay people respectively and shouldn\'t be used.
This is a very interesting debate it is unfortunate it derailed into trading hateful insults.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
You're mocking a serious medical condition with your choice of words. It isn't cute or funny.
>Uses hate speech to prove hate speech doesn't exist.
"Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
You're literally using hate speech to say hate speech doesn't exist.
You're arguing that people should think before they speak yet calling people anti-female slurs.
Please refrain from using the word "retard" to refer to someone you disagree with. It\'s an offensive term.
Just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
This isn't a competition to see who can use the most offensive insults in a single comment.
Using a derogatory term against someone you disagree with is insulting to those with actual mental disabilities.
I doubt you'd use that kind of language about a man you disagreed with.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Fun fact: Using "the n word" on the internet doesn\'t make you sound cool.
Using a derogatory term to describe someone insults their race.
Let's watch the language
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman specifically on the basis of her sex in a hateful manner.
People identify themselves as how they feel It's 2019. They deserve to have a voice too.
"Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
that word is one of the trashiest words ever it does nothing but trigger anger.
This comment seems to defend using a racial slur against black people which has historically been extremely hateful and harmful.
I disagree that saying hateful things is protected free speech. You aren't free from ridicule from saying those things.
Your point would be better accepted if you didn't use those words.
just because this is conversation about these points does not mean we can keep repeating them.
I understand you want to get your point across but it would be better presented if you didn't use that word.
Actually no person is classified by that definition in any case for any reason any longer.
It's unreasonable to judge and name call a person on one mistake. It's myopic.
When you use that word it severely cheapens your argument.
cmon man. we cant lump all women together with that by using a piece of anatomy.
It would be nice if that word wasn't used to flippantly. Words have consequences.
When you use that word it immediately invalidates your point.
the term gives me no idea about this person or what the offense actually is?
I'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that offensive language.
We ask that you refrain from such derogatory terms in your personal attacks. Please review our user policies. Thank you have a nice day.
please do not use racial language
We ask that you refrain from using such terms out of respect for fellow Redditors with mental disabilities. Thank you.
please do not use offensive language
I wish I could have a discussion with you about this but I can't if you won't stop using slurs.
We ask that you review our user policies and refrain from such terms in the future. This is a first warning. Thank you and have a nice day.
please do not use offensive language
Please refrain from use of such terms. Reddit is for everyone. This is a first warning. Thank you.
please do not use offensive language
I am sympathetic to your anger
We understand your ire but ask that you refrain from hate speech. Reddit is for everyone. Please review our user policies. Thank you.
please do not use offensive language.
I don't know what you are responding to
You should avoid using a slur if you're going to judge someone as racist.
Don't use race and nationality as an insult.
Both of you are acting childish. Using foul language isn't earning you extra points here. It's just irritating the rest of us.
That's how the current law is whether you like it or not. If you want to change it write to your senator instead of complaining.
"Retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Pleases refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread.
"Retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to the discussion in this thread
Putting someone down because of their gender isn't ok
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub.
Retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this women specifically on the basis of sex in a hateful manner.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub.
Differences would be a more polite option instead of further advancing the hate speech. We can all do our part to clean it up.
Please refrain from the use of hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this sub.
Using those terms defiles someones daughter. I wouldnt want someone calling my daughter those names.
Please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
All of this hatred and name calling only serves to weaken gender issues. Rising above these tactics is the only way to be taken seriously.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this sub.
Im not sure how Twilight zone provoked such a hate filled reply. You could at least wait until something has been said on the topic.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this sub.
Just because you do not agree with someone does not make hate speech ok. If left unchecked hate festers and grows.
The "n word" regardless of the use case is so demeaning and offensive that it does not belong in intelligent commentary.
Please do not use hate speech and degrading comments.
"Ret--dation" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Please do not use insensitive words to describe a group of people.
"Ret--d(s)" even as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided.
Please do not use discriminatory language.
Using "Ret--d" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Please do not use a word to degrade a group of people .
Ret--ded" as well as the puerile and formulaic hatred in which these terms are embedded are not only offensive but banned.
Please do not use insensitive words to describe a group of people.
more people are offended than what you guys are talking about. and putting it in quotes does not make it better.
No hate speech is tolerated on Reddit. Any further usage by any offenders here will result in permanent bans. Thank you.
you are mad at racists and yet you toss out the 'r' word without caring. kinda ruins your point.
We insist that you respect your fellow Redditors with mental disabilities. Please review our user policies and code of conduct. Thank you.
Anyone saying that their on a terrorist side should be banned. They kill and ruin people's lives. If you're joking than be more careful.
That word makes some people angry.
Making fun of anyone is hurtful and I don't find this video very funny at all. Have more respect for people and their reputations.
The sheer amount of college classes this comment could span.
The Communist Manifesto is well known in that class. I read it too but I cannot say I understood it 100%.
ho" and especially "cunt" over and over is really denigrating.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
"Retard" (and derivatives) is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and shouldn\'t be used.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
"Retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
"Retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
"Retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation.
"Ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation.
The pejorative use of "gay" and "ret--ded" constitute hate speech and as such is not allowed here.
Please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
Using the words "ret--d" "fa--ot" and their variants are constitutive of hate speech; such ill-considered venom is forbidden here.
Please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this sub.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
"Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Wow! This is not a place where you can use hateful terms regarding a persons sexual orientation.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist and homophobic language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread.
Please do not use a mental impairment as an insult on feeds.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to the discussion in this thread.
It's not necessary to bring her gender expression into this. Beauty is subjective
I don't think it's nice to call people that even if you disagree with that. Lets just let each other think differently.
Please don't use racist remarks thanks
I don't think it's cool of you to word it that way. I get that you think differently but wish you would leave it at that.
Woah! Please refrain from using language that is viewed as offensive or derogatory. Thanks for understanding!
Using words that have historically been associated with discrimination and degradation does not make your point stronger.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Let's bring about a change that it should be an equal rights movement
Please refrain from using words that are derogatory and offensive to groups of people. Instead use a more universally accepted term!
Please be careful in the words you choose and try to be respectful of all races genders and ethnicities. Thanks for understanding!
Your post uses speech that disability which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please refrain from using hateful and racist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation.
Disparaging someone because of their race is not ok.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread
Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread.
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to your post or the discussion in this thread
Disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok.
This post contains sexist language this is not acceptable.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
This post contains sexist and homophobic language. It does not belong on this website.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and sexual orientation in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
The foul language doesn't make your point any more valid than it would be with out using it.
Please do not use sexist language on this website.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Demeaning someone based on their gender is not ok
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Mocking someone based on a disability is not ok
Insulting someone based on gender isn't acceptable
This is just a collection of confused stereotypes and I'm not sure what purpose it serves.
I don't think anyone is crazy and we all have just have different opinions.
You shouldn't use stories like this to reinforce your hate of women.
There are better ways to describe something besides resorting to name calling.
These woman give us bad names.
I'm not sure if this is meant as a joke or not
There are better words that should be used to replace the foul language.
I am trying to figure out what Negan has to do with this.
It's really not necessary to say something so insulting to women when you're having a random argument.
Name calling speaks volumes about one's character.
I was with you up until the name calling. Totally not necessary to make your valid point.
Using foul language doesn't make your point any more valid.
Right. I cannot stand this either. As a woman I'm annoyed when female characters are forced into the story.
That word isn't ok here or anywhere
Woah! Please refrain from using terms that have historically been used against targeted groups. Thanks for understanding!
Non- (insert location here) natives comment on all sorts of things. It would be helpful to know from natives of a place what is going on.
Please take caution in the words you use when speaking to other users! These types of words can be seen as derogatory and offensive.
n/a
Yoko Ono fifty percent to blame for the world's lack of the Beatles?
Adoption is a wonderful right in our country. It isn't that nobody wants a child due to race it's that the numbers of children are high.
Its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. Avoid such words.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Avoid such words.
I hated when people did this in NYC or use orange cones like I'm not going to move it. But be more respectful when speaking of women.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Avoid such words.
I always say that these arguments should stay out of gaming because some games reflect history and their changing it to be untrue.
Using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Avoid such words.
I don't think mental illness is the reason someone made this suggestion. However I do agree that no sane adult needs a curfew.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Avoid such words.
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to call someone gay. And if they are
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
I disagree with using that word and it's okay if we have different opinions.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent.
Please show restraint in your argument and avoid personal attacks. You weaken your position by doing otherwise. Thank you.
Please do not use that vulgar sexual term when referring to women.
We ask that you refrain from using that term out of respect for our female participants.
Please do not use a persons sexual orientation as a term of hate.
You have been banned from this reddit. You can appeal your ban with our moderators.
A word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities doesn't add to an argument.
Avoid using a mental impairment as an insult on this post
I believe their are more appropriate accurate and less offensive ways to phrase that.
For all of our hard working female members we ask that you find a more intelligent and respectful way to phrase your protests.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or contribute to the discussion
Using hateful misogynistic language adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub.  Please refrain from it in the future.
Whoa
These terms are very derogatory and should not be used.
Your aunt seems to need some education about who is spreading what where.
This term is offensive towards women and an alternative word should be considered.
Drunk fighting with the police is uncalled for but still don't she doesn't deserve a punch in the face.
I understand your argument
Sexuality trends seem to be media driven lately.
It's almost impossible to follow any of your arguments with all of the vulgarities going on.
Do not make generalizations about people based on their nationality. Some of these terms are attacks on women and the disabled.
Awww it's so cute how you are all omniscient about this situation. Girl might or might not.
Suicide rates among veterans are 22 per day. Might look into rates for female versus male veterans.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Retarded being used as an insult is hate speech do not use it here.
Language that attacks someones disability is not allowed.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability.
Using retarded as a general insult is hateful to a large group of people do not use it here
Language that attacks someones disability is not allowed.
Using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Please do not use a mental impairment as an insult to different political parties.
Do not refer to women using that sexual vulgar term.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using a word that is derogatory to people with mental disabilities to describe a situation doesn't enhance my understanding.
Please do not use a mental disability as an insult to others from the feed.
We insist that you respect your fellow Redditors with mental and phsycial disabilities and review our user policies. Thank you in advance.
please don't make offensive remarks thanks
We must insist that such terms not be used. Please review our user policies and consider this a first warning. Thank you.
Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. You can appeal your bans by emailing a moderator. Thank you and have a great day.
Please do not make offensive remarks
Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. Please review our user policies and consider this a first warning. Thank you.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
That's one of the most hateful example of verbal abuse in the English language I'd avoid it.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
I would avoid that term everyone has a gift and the world would be better off if we recognized it.
I think it's difficult to understand what's going on without knowing the full context.
Hey there sexist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
That term has a lot of pain and suffering tied to it make rethink using it.
Language that demeans based on sexual orientation is not ok
While you argue with robots and people who were minding their own business please remember that words can cause real harm.
Language that demeans based on race is not ok
Friendly reminder that using the n-word is inappropriate in pretty much any context
I think I understand what you're trying to say
Language that demeans based on religion is not ok
I'm not sure what's going on here
Hey please consider using "ridiculous" or "stupid" instead of the r-word
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they are less than you.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Hating on women and calling them the C word isn't cool.You can't assume that she would make a false rape allegation based on only that
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their race(nigger white cunt) and gender (cunt). Refrain from such words.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
We don\'t use the R word anymore we say "very stupid people" now.
Don't make offensive comments about people thank you.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
We don\'t use the R word anymore we say "very stupid" now.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean women in a hateful manner and also being deliberately sexist in last comment.
You all should both agree that you are terrible people and move on with your lives but do it somewhere other than here.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
"Full ret--d" seeks to debase people by directing hate at the mentally disabled; please refrain for using such locutions here.
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Using the term "c---" and its variants pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
"Ret---ed" offends the mentally disabled and their families; try to substitute a less hateful term.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. Racist language is also not allowed.
Use a euphemism rather than the "n word" to avoid such a potentially offensive term.
When you use that word it automatically invalidates your argument.
Using that word does not help your argument.
Please do not use language that is used to demote women just as an insult. It weakens your argument and is ignorant.
I understand your point but it's very hard to agree with it when you use that word.
Dismissing people's feelings because of a quality they posses is unfair. They deserve respect for thier opions whether or not you agree.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Please refrain from using such derogatory and hateful words. Instead make your point with more universally accepted words!
Please take caution in you word choice - these types of words can be considered offensive and derogatory!
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Such mindless and debasing use the "c---" term is hateful and so forbidden here.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Such mindless and debasing use the "c---" term is hateful and so forbidden here.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
"Re---d" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families.
"Re---d" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families.
SJW\'s may have their issues but explain further. Saying someone is "retarded" doesn\'t exactly explain your point.
Not all people who consider themselves SJWs may be mentally disabled.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Both of you need to stop
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
There is nothing wrong with a woman wanting to express herself
Your account is temporarily suspended. Please review our user policy and code of conduct. Your suspension can be appealed by emailing a Mod.
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread.
Bitch" has been used for centuries to tell women who have an opinion to shut up and that it doesn\'t matter what they think or feel
Such language is not tolerated on Reddit. You can appeal your account bans with a Moderator. In the meantime please review our user policies
Please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing of value to the thread.
Disparaging someone because of their sexual orientation is not ok.
Wow! Please do not use hateful terms regarding someones sexuality on this post.
Do not use a disability to insult others and do not use that sexually vulgar term on these posts.
Disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok.
Do not respond with sexually vulgar terms when posting on someones gender.
Disparaging someone because of a disability or gender is not ok.
Do not diminish a view point on genders and do not use hateful terms regarding disability and sexual orientation.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Don't use racist and sexual choices as insults.
Way to fight  the use of a bad term with the use of another bad term.
This exchange creates the stench of hate speech directed on the basis of race and sexual preference. This forum is not a place for either.
Even though what she said was wrong
Your language is not appropriate especially given the violent undertones for this forum.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe women.
Even though I don't agree with her actions
Please do not use derogatory language to describe women.
Believe me I understand your argument.  But know that you point is diluted with the offensive language.  People only focus on that.
Please do not use homophobic language.
Please do not use derogatory language for women.
You can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman on the basis of her sex in a hateful and bigoted manner.
There's no reason to shame others based on how they look.
There's no reason to call people names. They're not harming you in any way.
You can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
There's no reason to use profanity to attack others.
I am sympathetic to your anger but I can't engage with you further if you continue to use slurs.
Just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you.
Using a word like that immediately invalidates your argument.
Name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
It's hard for me to take you seriously when you use words like those.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
I understand that you have a point you want to make but it's hard to acknowledge it when you use slurs.
I cannot take your comment seriously if you use words like those.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to help anything.
I know we have differing opinions and wish you wouldn't use those words to describe people. Lets just leave it there.
Terms like "b-tch" and \'c--t" directed at women are hateful hostile and must be avoided here.
Please avoid personal attacks and offensive language. It is easily possible to point out her moral failings without being rude.
Please don't use that word to define people. I understand what you are saying but wish you didn't use it.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
I know you're angry but please avoid using that word. It only creates more hate.
The "N word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
That term is unacceptable. Further use will find you permanently banned.
Hey
"Fag--t" and "ret--d" are terms of hate whe used pejoratively; they are not permitted here.
First and final warning avoid using such terms in your criticism or we will have no choice but to suspend your account.
I get that you're frustrated but I wish you didn't use those words to say it.
"Re---ded" and "ret--ds
As pointed out it's okay to disagree but not okay to engage in personal attacks. This is your first warning now play nice.
"Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
Its inappropriate to use 'faggot or feggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Retard" and "faggot" are harmful terms used to demean intellectually disabled and gay people respectively and should be avoided.
Woah! Please refrain from using words that are considered derogatory or hateful. Your point can be made using universally accepted words.
please refrain from using offensive language.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
please refrain from using offensive language
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Woah! Please use more universally accepted words to make your point instead of words that promote bigotry and hatred. Thank you!
please refrain from using offensive language
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Please take caution in the words you use - your point can be made in a more universally accepted manner. Thanks for understanding!
please refrain from using offensive language.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
please refrain from using offensive language.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Using a word like that immediately invalidates your argument.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their race.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your character.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
There's no reason to call people names and attacking their race. They're not harming you in any way.
It's hard for me to understand your point when you use language like that.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their religion and making false accusations.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Making fun of a serious health condition is not the way to get your point across.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
The same way calling someone what you just called them is allowed.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
That word doesn\'t mean "stupid
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Using an anti-female slur to describe your displeasure isn't cool.
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Female main characters can be just as good as males.
Racist language and homophobic language is not allowed.
People of color and gay people do not deserve this.
Women are very capable of doing the job so it is you that will lose.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this. You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Hi There Please refrain from using derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Hi There Please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
Stop using a gender based insult.
Please do not use language that could be offensive to those with inellectual disabilities.
Please persons with disabilities. Refrain from hate speech so that we can all continue to enjoy Reddit. This is a first warning.
This post has sexist language please do not post that.
We appreciate users passion in expressing their opinions but must insist on refraining from hate speech. Thank you.
This post is sexist please do not use such language.
Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. You can appeal your account suspension by emailing a Moderator.
Please do not use sexist language.
Such terms are not tolerated on Reddit. Consider this a final warning before further action is taken.
Hello this is a friendly reminder that the words you've used are incredibly offensive. Diversity in our world is very important!
Its inappropriate to use the words 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
Hello just a reminder that women and minorities experience oppression daily and your words do not help. Perhaps you should rephrase.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their  gender (cunt). Refrain from such words.
Your choice of words are politically incorrect. Maybe you should rephrase and say "those with an intellectual disability."
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
I think you should rephrase your sentence. The word you have used is incredibly offensive.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
words like idiot and psychopathic are considered to be offensive as they directly attack people with mental disabilities
Your sentence doesn't even make sense even without the hateful word choice.
Being feminine does not mean someone has low intellect no point of trying to bring others down.
Not sure what's going on here
The anti-female slur does nothing to enhance your argument here.
Just because someone supports a particular candidate such as Trump doesn't mean they are not smart.
We could start the change in language with decreasing the hate speech in this post.
Disagreeing with the way someone acts is fine but there is no reason to call them names just because they are in the wrong.
Watch the language please. This isn't necessary.
Using that word to mean "stupid" is ignorant and mocks a severe medical illness.
Maybe the poster did not understand it was satire no need to get angry over it.
Although what they said was offensive there is no need to stoop to there level and start calling them names.
Even when you are annoyed about someone's actions it is not okay to use offensive words.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't solving anything.
When posting reviews in this forum use polite language an avoid hate speech or offensive language.
Using hate speech against the people you disagree with is not helping anything.
Offensive language is not allowed in this forum.
Generalizing a whole gender based on the actions of a few people doesn't make any sense.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
Just because someone is a different race doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
Its inappropriate to use 'dyke' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Your point becomes invalid when you use a word like that.
I don't think that using words which a derogatory to one's gender identity belong in meaningful conversation.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that slur.
Using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I understand you have a point you want to make but using that word cheapens it.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Using those words reflects poorly on your character.
Using those kind of words do not contribute to a useful conversation.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Try to be more respectful of the mother in law. I know mine is a pain too but without her you wouldn't be in love with their child.
There's no reason to call people names. They're not harming you in any way.
We all can agree to disagree but one thing I feel 100% on is that we ALL need to respect our President.
You shouldn't be insulting people who have different opinions than you.
I don't think this is true at least not federally. But if it is there must be a reason for it.
Name calling something you dislike isn't going to fix the situation.
Please avoid using female genitalia as an insult on posts.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Do not use a persons mental disability as a way to be hurtful
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
There is no reason to use a persons disability as an insult
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Wow. Do not use sexual orientation or female genitalia as a way to be rude.
Using the words 'tranny cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Do not use a persons mental impairment as an insult to others
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Both "Ret--d(ed)" and "fa--ots" cause offense to many and so are not allowed here. Please refrain from using them.
It's very difficult to understand your perspective when you use that word.
Ret--ded" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families please try to avoid its use.
I'd like to continue this discussion but it's hard when you use that kind of language.
Using  "ret--ds" ret--ded" and "f-gs" and mindlessly expressing reflexive hatred toward LGBTQ persons are offensive and banned here.
When you use that kind of language it reflects poorly on your intellect.
Both the term "ret--d" and senseless misogyny are banned in this forum.
When you use that word it immediately invalidates your argument.
Using "c--t" malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Insults based on gender are not ok
Using "c--t" malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Insults based on gender are not ok
Using "c--t" malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Insults based on gender are not ok
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Insults based on disability are not ok
Just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you.
Just because someone is a different race than you doesn't mean they are less than you.
Don't use faggot as an insult
broad generalizations based on stereotypes and paranoia only discredit those who spread them.
Just because someone likes the same sex or has a different opinion doesn't mean they are a bad person.
name calling using offensive slurs carries your argument into the gutters of human interaction and losing all credibility.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
nonsensical racial are still racist and a waste of the oxygen you breath
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Do not use a mental impairment as an insult on feeds.
That may be true but let's not try to speculate about her mental capabilities
Since you're already correcting someone try using a different word altogether.
Please dont use that word. It's very offensive.
Do not use hateful terms regarding a persons sexual orientation.
That's a word I think we all would agree doesn't need to be thrown around here. They're just people.
I doubt a person's mental capabilities is the issue here.
hey derogatory and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thx
This conversation thread includes many words that are hurtful to women. There was a crime but these words affect all women.
There are other ways to express your opinion that do not include damaging words.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
This conversation does include examples of the "gendered slurs" mentioned. These words used are hurtful to women.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
While you may not like that person that word to describe them is offensive.
Hi There Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
In a video game environment people must still be respectful and use acceptable language. The language used here would not be included.
Using a slur to defend using slurs is pretty meta. I support banning offensive language as it can actually hurt people
Please do not use a mental disability when voicing your opinions.
Do not use a mental disability to voice your frustrations.
Gatekeeping is only harmful to the community a person is whatever they identify as and ableist slurs only make it worse
Do not use that mental disability as an insult to others voicing their opinions.
Even though those actions are reprehensible it only deters from your point when you degrade to name calling
Please do not use that sexually vulgar term when talking about a person.
The word 'cunt' is derogatory and offensive to women and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion
A word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities does not add meaning and it's emotionally charged hate is distracting.
The word 'retarded' is highly offensive to those with intellectual disabilities and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion in this thread
Adding words emotionally charged with hate doesn't add meaning.
The word 'retarded' is highly offensive to those with intellectual disabilities and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread.
Even if a woman is at fault
The word 'cunt' is derogatory and offensive to women and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion in this thread.
Words that are derogatory towards people with mental disabilities aren't helpful.
The word 'retarded' is highly offensive to those with intellectual disabilities and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
No need to insult people based on disability status while responding to post.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this and I'm sure most people wouldn't use that to describe this.
Totally unwarranted to use hateful terms about people based on race of disability while talking about video games.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Totally unnecessary to use hateful language about people with disabilities while responding to post.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Unwarranted to use hateful terms based on gender while expressing opinion.
I hear people use that word to disparage a lot on here. Not sure why it's so popular.
Totally unnecessary to use hateful terms about people with a disability in response to post.
I don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability does not belong in meaningful conversation.
Please be careful with the words you choose and opt for universally accepted words instead of those that have derogatory connotations.
Woah! Please refrain from using words and terms that are considered offensive and derogatory. Thanks for understanding.
Do not use a mental disability as an insult on posts
Woah! Please refrain from using terms that promote bigotry and can be considered derogatory and offensive. Thanks for understanding!
Stop using a persons mental disability as a way to insult others
Please avoid using that vulgar term when talking about the female sex.
Using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation.
Please refrain from using terms that are considered derogatory and offensive. Instead opt for a more universally accepted term!
Stop using that sexually crude word to refer to women.
please refrain from using offensive language
Please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities.
please dont use offensive language
Please do not use derogatory language for women.
please dont use offeinsive language
Please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities.
Please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement
There is no need for the derogatory he/she's just trying to keep the forum clean.
Please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread.
These people have went though some horrible things. You shouldn't criticize them.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist and racist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
That has nothing to do with the fact all kids have potential. I don't think it's equal
Please refrain from using hateful racist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others. Please be more respectful.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. It adds nothing of value to your argument or the conversation.
There's no reason to use profanity. Nobody is harming you in any way.
I'd be more open to your perspective if you didn't use that kind of language.
use of the C-word only diminishes your argument; if you left that out you may even garner som sympathy!
When you use those types of slurs in immediately invalidates your argument.
Use of the C-word is just not necessary; expand your vocabulary and your credibility too!
Hey there is no place for that vulgar term here. Don't refer to women in that way.
I'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word.
Use of the C-word only diminishes your argument you made a really good point by but using the C-word you lost your credibility!
It's hard to take your point seriously when you use that slur.
using the word retarded to express negativity hasn't been acceptable in decades; expand your vocabulary and your credibility!
It makes me disregard your perspective when I see you using words like those.
The judge is wrong here. This lady should of been put in for at least 30 days to see how it feels.
Do not use that sexually impolite word when referring to women.
They don't hate her. They just don't agree with her decisions. We all have that in our family.
Think before posting on this feed. Do not use crude terms regarding sexual genitalia
The rape culture is so stupid. But we also cannot condone assault. We need to all get along; Adults.
Please do not use that crude term when voicing your frustrations.
The cops are supposed to be professional. We need to respect them too.
Do not use vulgar terms disguised as other words on posts.
Honestly I'm a woman and yes men are on average taller than us. Nothing wrong with stating a fact but nicely.
Refrain yourself from using that vulgar sexual term when posting.
The secret agenda for equality for everyone and not just certain people... Truly a fate worse than death.
Somebody defending rights of people with disabilities should not use words that hurt that same group of people.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
With that language you have a better chance with a sewage grate than any lady.  Just saying.
This is very offensive language that promotes rape culture and the idea that women are perpetually sexually available to men.
If your goal was to prove you aren't a troll you have surely failed.
The language used is a slur against people in the LGBTQ+ community and is unnecessary.
You using a person's race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
your bad language cheapens your point now no one is listening because they think you're just hateful
This was a strong reaction to a very reasonable suggestion.
Replacing the foul language with more appropriate words would make it more pleasurable to read the post.
Theres no reason to use that language. Just because you dont agree with them.
Name calling and foul language leads to pointless arguments that have nothing to do with the topic.
I agree just go to a designated place and dissent.
We ask that you consider what you said more carefully. Hate speech will not be tolerated on Reddit. Thank you. Final warning.
The entire male and female divide is out of hand. I don't even know how it got this far. All I want is equal pay men can have the rest.
Personal attacks and hate speech are not tolerated. This is your first and final warning. Choose your words more carefully in the future.
It's hard to take your perspective seriously when you use that word.
This may not have been the most moral individual but you can't extrapolate that behavior to all women.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion in this thread.
I'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that slur.
A word for a female should not be a putdown for a man.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to the discussion in this thread
Your argument would be better accepted if you didn't use that word.
This particular slur is a harmful put-down for those with mental or intellectual disabilities. The term is outdated.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread
It's difficult to understand your perspective when you use those sorts of words.
This slur causes harm to women. There are better insults out there that do not employ race gender ableism or other discrimination.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to aid your argument and adds nothing to the discussion
All of these people are victims and you shouldn't be using this story to spread hate.
Insults based on gender are not ok
while it is totally justified to be upset about situations like this can we please remember to use language that is not offensive to women?
Insults based on gender are not ok
it should not however be a privilege to not be verbally harassed online. please use nicer language
Insults based on gender are not ok
her would be a nicer word choice
while your point may be valid it would be better received without language of that nature
Hey
Try to reevaluate the language you have chosen to use. How does it make people feel?
Even if she was wrong hate attacks tolerance and acceptance. Calling her derogatory names will not help solve this or any other situation
Hey everyone
This language is not necessary to prove your point.
People can disagree without defaming one another. It does nothing to validate your stance in the argument & makes you look ignorant.
Your language here is unnecessary. You can prove your point all the same using respectful language.
Churchill's description does not illustrate issues you have with him. Elaborating without vulgarity could explain more clearly. Thank you.
Your language here is not necessary. You can still make your point without using those terms!
You're statements are not clear & hard to understand. Further attacking the victim does not provide any solutions to help this situation.
Name calling is a childish way to describe someone.
I don't think we need to talk like that to be effective.
You could get your message across better speaking like a grown up.
Name calling is a childish way to describe someone.
I think you can replace that word with something less offensive and more meaningful. Stop that.
There are more appropriate terms that should replace the terms used.
I think calling them mentally or intellectually disabled get the point across more effective. No reason to speak like that at all.
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
You could say 'white idiots'. You may make a good point but I can't tell based on the distracting random slurs.
Disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok.
Hmm would have been a good joke without the bad language.
Disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok.
While I understand your outrage this is not an appropriate way to respond to such news.
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
It's easy to sit and pass judgement on reddit while calling women names right?
Language that attacks a race is not allowed.
You can put this point across without the vulgarity or profanity too
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Serving in military should have given your more sense than to call people names and oh thank you for your service not.
Language that attacks someones disability is not allowed.
Can't this be said without calling people retards or idiots?
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
"Retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Even casual use of the term "ret--d" is offensive and best avoided here.
"Retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Lol
"Retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
If you want your argument to be taken seriously you shouldn't use that language so casually.
a whole convo on a touchy subject dealt with in civil manner and you throw out the 'r' word so you dont have to think. you can do better.
Please do not talk down to others beliefs in religion and do not use a mental impairment as an insult.
This is not a feed that allows hateful terms that refer to sexual orientation and or religious affiliations.
It's startling that even when presented with the most empathetic possible connection that your answer is still violence.
cmon guys! every woman is not just sex parts and and avery man you dont like is not the 'r' word.
Do not use a mental impairment as an insult and do not refer to women using that vulgar term.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread.
Please separate your anger from the hateful comments toward innocent people.
I understand you want to get your point across but using that word doesn't help.
Please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
Please obliterate the prejudicial comments and use more acceptable words.
It's a poor reflection of your character when you use that word.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to contribute to the discussion in this thread.
Take out the damaging words and use kinder ones please.
I'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing productive to the conversation at all.
Please exclude the language that is distressing to others.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this sub.
Please cease the abusive talk and express your thoughts in a way that is less hurtful to others.
Please refrain from making insensitive comments towards a certain gender.
Please try to find a more intelligent word that isn't offensive to so many.
As a women I do believe men can be pushed aside during these times with STEM and it's wrong. But we must say so in a respectful way.
You can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others.
Maybe if you explained that with less negativity the point would get across. Ladies do the same and we need to give the next guy a chance.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Spanish is the 2nd language in the USA and you'll make more money at most jobs if you learn it. I say learn 3 or 4 languages!
There's no reason to call people names. They're not harming you in any way.
I understand your argument but it's hard to agree with you when you use that word.
it's been decades since people used words describing homosexuals as negative descriptors get with the times!
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your character.
Please refrain from your use of racist or homophobic slurs in your posts.  The contribute nothing productive to the conversation of the sub.
All you're doing is trading insults so I am missing the basis of your argument.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything productive to the conversation in this thread.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this sub.
You're account has been suspended. Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. You can appeal your suspension by emailing a Moderator.
While you may have differing opinions from those you mock the language you're using to express these differences is unnecessary.
Hate speech of any kind is not tolerated on Reddit. We respect your right to an opinion but insist that you refrain from using this term. Ty
Your opinion is important but please refrain from using ableist slurs when expressing your opinions.
We ask that you review our user policies concerning hate speech. In the future avoid such terms when commenting. Thank you.
Try using less graphic words to express your opinion please.
Out of respect for Redditors with physical and or mental disabilities we must insist you avoid such terms in the future. First warning. Ty
Please avoid using words that may be considered ableist by others.
Use of that word is not tolerated on Reddit. Please review our user policies and consider this a first warning. Thank you.
Your comment includes language that can be harmful. Try using other words to express your point of view.
It's very difficult to follow your argument when you use that word.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
When you use that word it automatically invalidates your argument.
Hi There please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
When you use those slurs it makes me immediately disregard your argument.
Hey there homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thanks
You could make your point more effectively if you didn't use such offensive slurs.
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Using such a slanderous word to describe a woman shows a severe lack of respect.
I know you are expressing anger but the word choice you used is vulgar and affects more than just those you are meaning to refer to.
Name calling leads to nothing but pointless arguments that have nothing to do with the topic at hand.
I know you are having an argument but you used offensive language that is harmful towards women. You should use better words in the future!
Name calling speaks volumes about one's character.
The word choice you used is offensive to other women and not just to the woman you are referring to. There are better words to be used.
Name calling is a childish way to describe someone.
I know you are expressing anger but the word choice you have used is unnecessary and is offensive to women. Please use better word choice!
The term you have used is offensive to a whole community of people and you should refrain from using it again! It can be harmful.
Using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
Using the words 'twat and pussy' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman specifically on the basis of her sex.
Using the word 'thundercunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using the "c---" term pejoratively is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Such terms and language are not tolerated on Reddit. We ask that you review your user policies. This is a first warning. Thank you.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is gender-targeting hate speech and should always be avoided here.
We respect your right to your opinion but insist that you not employ such terms in the future. Thank you for your understanding.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is gender-targeting hate speech and should always be avoided here.
Such language is not tolerated on Reddit. We ask that you review our user policies and refrain from said term in the future. Thank you.
Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
I get that he lies a lot but the language is insulting to those that have real mental impairments and isn't fair.
Using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Try to calm down and think this through rationally. Whatever the case a man should never attack a woman.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Guys can you please leave him alone
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
please don't make offensive remarks to people thanks
There are better ways to describe your disagreement than using sexist slurs.
I'm sure you don't mean to offend people with this serious medical condition.
Anti-female slurs don't help your argument.
That's just a word small minded men say to make themselves feel better.
Insults based on gender are not ok
I don't think words like that need to be used.
Insults based on gender or sexual orientation are not ok
Offensive terms for females are not permitted.
All these false rap claims is out of control. They need to be put on their own list similar to sex offenders because their ruining lives.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Slang terms for female genitalia or mentally disabled not permitted
Every country is different. We cannot make a valid argument about punishment in Holland vs the USA; very different.
Hitler & Nazi references may be perceived as racially offensive and should be removed.  Slang term for female genitalia is not permitted.
I also wonder who exactly decides what is funny or offensive online.
You shouldn't be insulting people who have different opinions than you.
Slang term for mental disability not permitted.  Racial/Pro-White remarks not permitted.
Good for them. At least they still are welcoming foreigners.
Please don't use ableist words to describe a person.
Slang term for mental disability not permitted
This is very interesting. It seems like the push in STEM may end up a repeat of what happened in the factories.
Use of a word that is derogatory is not helpful.
You may believe that you word used to stigmatise the mentally handicapped is not offensive but those suffering do. Please use another word.
A word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities is charged emotionally with hate.
Kindly avoid language that stigmatises or otherwise excludes the mentally handicapped.
A word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities is emotionally charges with hate.
Please refrain from using words that may stigmatise or victimise minority groups such as the mentally handicapped.
This comment is evidently homophobic including using historically pejorative language and in this way is harmful and hateful.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
I am stating my own personal opinion which you may not agree with. This does not give you any right to speak to me in that kind of way.
What makes you think it's ok to call the OP such an offensive term
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
I do not think it is appropriate or nice to be saying that. Please be respectful of others self identity.
This comment is violently homophobic condoning violence against gay people and using a hateful slur.
That language was unnecessary to convey your opinion. There are better ways to make your point.
"Retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Let's have more respect here. There is no need for speaking like that about an underage person especially.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
profanity and derogatory remarks are opinion not facts stick to the facts
It's very hard to take your point seriously when you use that word.
Hi There Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
grammar suggestions will be done without profanity
I'd like to hear more of your perspective but it's hard to understand when you use that language.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
constructive arguments are done without being combative
Hi There Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
conversations here are done without batter
It's difficult to follow your argument when you use that sort of language.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
bulling is not stopped by being over assertive
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
Language that demeans based on sexual orientation is not ok
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
Some women are manly and they are important for today's society.
Language that demeans based on sexual orientation is not ok
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Language that demeans based on gender is not ok
I feel like the word 'Retard' is an extremely hurtful word to use when describing someone you don't care for.
You shouldn't be insulting people who don't have the same opinions as you.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
I understand you don't agree with what is going on
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
Use of a word derogatory towards people with mental disabilities doesn't add meaning.
Using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation.
I don't believe hate of all women is a justified critique of one woman.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care.
Use of a word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities does not help to add meaning.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
The use of a word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities adds a negative emotional charge and does not add any meaning.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
Using a word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities does not add to an argument.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything of value to the conversation in this sub.
Using hateful misogynistic language is adding nothing to your argument or the conversation.  Please refrain in the future.
Please refrain from using ableist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing of value to the conversation
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people is ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
Please refrain from using homophobic or sexist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing productive to this conversation.
This doesn't concern the mentally ill there are other ways to define them.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
If your point is correct it'll come through without name calling or slurs.
I hear people use that word to disparage a lot on here. Not sure why it's so popular.
You don't need to make your case in such a negative way.
I hear people use that word to disparage a lot on here. Not sure why it's so popular.
Wakanda doesn't exist because there are no magical super materials. No one can make a Wakanda.
That's racist and no one thinks movies are real.
You really wanting something to be a fact and citing obviously biased carelessly done studies doesn't make that a fact.
rHey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Hey there homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thank you
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
That word is extremely rude and disrespectful towards women.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Silencing an entire group of people just because they don't agree with you shows your close-mindedness and unwillingness to debate issues
Hi There Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
Don't use sexual choices as an insult.
"Fa--ot" as used here cause offense to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary
I don't think that using words which a derogatory to one's gender identity belong in meaningful conversation.
Don't use a gender based insult.
Both rampant misogyny and the pejorative use of the word "c--t" are offensive unthinking and hateful; all are forbidden here.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
I might choose a different adjective it offends people with intellectual and developmental disabilities.
Using hateful ableist language in your posts adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion.  Please refrain in the future.
Your description is not appropriate because it offends  people that care for and support them.
Using hateful ableist language in your posts adds nothing of value to your argument or the conversation.  Please refrain in the future.
I would avoid using that term It alienates and excludes them.
Please refrain from the use of hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
Please refrain from the use of hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to add to the conversation of the sub.
When you pepper your speech with that description you are spreading hurt.
What is being said may or may not be true but basing it all on their race is morally wrong.
Using foul language doesn't make a point of view any more valid.
The laws I been hearing about regarding women in UK not going to jail for non-violent crimes is sad.
Name calling and foul language shows a lack of understanding of the topic.
Well she shouldn't be leaving it behind but calling her that name is wrong too.
The foul language and name calling have absolutely nothing to do with the topic at hand.
We ask that you practice tolerance in your choice of terms as well and avoid such offensive terms in the future. Thank you.
Persons with disabilities. Reddit is for everyone. We thank you for your understanding.
Your post can be written without using sexist language.
We ask that you express your ire using less offensive terms. We understand anger and debate we do not tolerate hate here. Thank you
For the sake of fellow female Redditors we ask you to not use such terms. Thank you for your understanding and cooperation.
I understand the point you're trying to make but it's difficult to digest when you use that kind of language.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
It's very hard to have this conversation with you when you use that word.
Hi There Please refrain from using derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
I understand your anger
Hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
Just because someone is not as smart as you doesn't mean they are less than you.
I think your point would come across better if you didn't use that kind of language.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
Fighting hate speech with hate speech is not going to solve anything.
I'd be more inclined to agree with your comment if you didn't use that word.
Hi There Please refrain from using racist comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
You should not use that term when voicing your opinion on others.
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
Please do not use a mental disability as an insult to others or others political stance.
You shouldn't be insulting people who have different beliefs than you.
Abstain from using a mental impairment as an insult.
You shouldn't be insulting people who have different opinions than you.
You shouldn't be insulting people who have different opinions than you.
Woah! Please do not compare others when using a term regarding mental disability.
You shouldn't be attacking people who lead different lifestyles.
Words derogatory towards men that are homosexual and women aren't necessary to add meaning.
The word 'cunt' is derogatory and offensive towards women and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed.
The word 'retarded' is offensive to those with intellectual disabilities and the language here constitutes hate speech towards women.
Language that attacks someones disability is not allowed.
Calling a person a n****r and making horrible claims about eating their own children is racist hate speech and is unacceptable.
Racist language is not allowed.
I don't believe there has ever been a situation that warranted the use of a word that is derogatory to all women.
The word 'cunt' is deragatory and offensive to women and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed.
A word that is derogatory towards women doesn't add meaning; it is emotionally charged with hate.
The word 'cunt' is derogatory and offensive to women and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed.
No need to insult disabled people while disagreeing.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Use of hateful language regarding women was unwarranted.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please show more respect for your fellow female Redditors by choosing less offensive terms. Thank you for your cooperation
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Reddit does not tolerate the use of such language. To avoid bans and supspended accounts please use better judgement in the future. Ty
Your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Language people we're better than that. We ask that you respect your fellow redditors in the future.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
We ask that you consider word choice in the future. Free speech doesn't have to alienate people. Thank you for your understanding.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
We ask that you engage in civil debate and refrain from using such profanity. We would rather avoid further action. Thank you.
"Retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Instead of using an offensive word
"Retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
"Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Your thoughts and opinions would carry more weight if you would focus more on your point and less on name calling.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please try to avoid it.
That word has no place in vocabulary anymore. Mike Pence isn't any better or worse than any other person either.
Quoting the "n word" here is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
One's heritage and feelings are no joke. Opinions will always vary on historical events but they all have a place as they are our past.
Using words like 'cunt' only make your views less valid.
Using the "c---" term malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Using the "tw-t" term malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Using such language to describe a woman shows one's true character.
Please hold police officers in equality not basing off of gender.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others because of their gender.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
It is okay to not agree but please respect other's sexual orientation.
Not everyone is born the same way and you should respect that.
There's no reason to call people names. They're not harming you in any way.
Please refrain from using the 'r' word when describing your stance as it is a sensitive word for a protected class.
Instead of insulting others you could explain their mistakes to them.
Excise the noxious commentary please from your conversation.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Please take out the slurs at people and be more gentle in your words.
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
Avoid using the damaging remarks and state your feelings with more compassion please.
You're talking about respect
No need to call her those things when she is still underage and learning how the world works.
More negativity thru words or violence will not help him in this situation.
Name calling and suggesting violent behavoir speaks to one's true character.
Some good arguments but when you blast someone or group it sorta defeats your argument.
There are certainly more appropriate words that can be used to replace the foul language.
Not all women are like that. People just like what they like and that's just how it is.
If you don't like his content you need to see it. Very simple to find something else you may like.
Using foul language doesn't make one's point any more valid.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation or your argument.
I'd be more inclined to agree with you if you did not use that word.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It is not contributing in any productive way to the discussion.
It's very hard to follow your argument when you use these types of slurs.
Please refrain from the use of racist slurs in your posts.  It does nothing to contribute productively to the discussion in this sub.
Woah! This language is considered derogatory - please try to use more universally accepted terms when referring to groups of people
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to contribute anything of value to the discussion.
Please be careful in the words you use when speaking with other users. These types of names can be considered offensive!
If you want people to know what you mean why don't you use accurate language.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
What occured here has nothing do do with anyone's label of mother or daughter.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
I don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation.
Disparaging someone because of their religionis not ok.
There are better ways to decribe a place than resorting to foul language.
Hi There please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to the discussion in this thread
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
How ironic that you're supporting women
Hi There Please refrain from using derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
Hi There please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
Please refrain from the use of hateful ableist language in your posts.  It is not adding anything productive to the discussion or the sub.
You're trying to convince your coworker to see your point
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It is not helpful to your argument or contributing to the discussion
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Please use more respectful language when expressing your opinions. We thank you in advance for your understanding.
Using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Refrain from such language please. Reddit is for everyone and we ask that you express your dissent respectfully.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Persons with disabilities. We insist that you remain civil in your discourse. Thank you.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Language people. Such terms are not acceptable on Reddit. This is your first warning. We appreciate your cooperation.
Using the "c---" term malevolently and hate-fueled speech toward women are offensive and should be avoided.
shit she did daredevil and West Wing it cant be that bad
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean their opinion is not as valid.
"Re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; please try and avoid this usage.
The term "fa--ot" when used pejoratively is offensive to many people and so should not be used in a political commentary.
Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Just because someone has a different opinion than you doesn't mean they are less intelligent.
"Re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; please try and avoid this usage.
Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Name calling someone you disagree with is not going to solve anything.
"Re---ds" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; please try and avoid this usage.
Using the "c---(y)" and "c--ts" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Develop software the doesn't allow users to use foul language (cunt)
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing of value to the discussion
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to contribute productively to the discussion.
Please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts.  It contributes nothing of value to the conversation.
Don't allow users to even have the ability to use foul language
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Please refrain from the use of hateful sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to contribute to the conversation in this thread.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I get your point but watch the language.  It's really offensive.
Insults based on race or sexual orientation are not ok
If you are going to join in on a legit conversation you might want to watch your language because it dilutes your arguments.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Insults based on disability are not ok
I get your argument but watch some of the offensive terms a little.  You can still make your points without resorting to vulgarities.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Insults based on gender are not ok
You're certainly entitled to your opinion but please watch the language.  Some of those words are quite offensive.
Just because someone is a different race doesn't mean they are less than you.
Please refrain from using hateful racist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion of this sub.
It's disturbing that it's presented as a funny joke to make racist insults here.
Just because you dislike someone doesn't mean that they deserve death.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this sub.
I think you need to take a deep breath and consider when you started talking to people this way.
Name calling someone you dislike isn't going to solve anything.
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language  in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread.
It must be exhausting to be on the lookout for people to behave this way toward.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Please refrain from using hateful homophobic language as it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
Think about how this girl would feel if she knew that you were talking about her this way.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they deserve to made fun of.
Please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts.  It is not helpful to your argument or productive to the discussion.
There's no need to respond so violently to someone even if they are insulting you.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
n/a
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
n/a
Calling others names is a childish way to describe them.
I don't see how using language like that gets your point across.
There are much better words that can be used to replace the foul language.
This is one of the least intelligent conversations I've ever seen on Reddit.
Using foul language doesnt make your point anymore valid than it would be without it.
Yeah I second User 17. User 20 I'm sure you would not like to go to court for your opinion.
Using foul language and calling others names shows your true character.
Let's not resort to racism here guys. candada is a great place.
Calling someone a foul name speaks volumes about your character.
That's really unkind this guy has a life.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe women.
OK people tone it down.  This is a family website.  Thank you for keeping it clean and G-rated..
I agree that people can act wrong sometimes but it's no reason to use that type of language that's unfair to those demographics of people.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe women and people with intellectual disabilities.
I agree but please there are kids on this site.  Please watch the language.  Thank you.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe women.
Try to keep it family friendly on here please.
I'm sorry your mom went through such a hard time with her husband and gets caught into a stereotype because of it.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe women.
Try to keep it clean on here.  We're a family friendly website and we wish to keep it that way.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe women.
Try to tone down the language please.  There are children present.  Thank you.
I don't think that is necessary!
You do not need to use offensive language to convey your message.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing of value to the conversation
That's a word small minded men say to make themselves feel better.
You don't need to use degrading language.
Please refrain from using sexist language in your post.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread.
That's a word small minded men say to make themselves feel better.
Just because she is a woman doesn't mean you have to use degrading language.
Using hateful misogynistic language is not contributing anything productive or valuable to the conversation.  Please refrain in the future.
You shouldn't be insulting people who have different opinions than you.
The foul language should be replaced with more appropriate words.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value.
There are much better words that can be used to replace the vulgar language.
Delving into ad hominems instead of refuting an argument substantively is the easiest way to show you're losing the discussion. Reel it back
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
The use of foul language and name calling does nothing more than create pointless arguments.
Using "c--ts" malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
We ask that you refrain from hate speech when expressing your opinions. Reddit is for everyone. Thank you.
Using the "c--ts" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Hate speech of any kind is not tolerated on Reddit. We ask that you choose your words more carefully and review our user policies. Ty.
The malevolent hateful and reflexive use of "re---ds" evidenced here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please avoid it.
Reddit is for everyone including those with disabilities. Please review our user policies and consider this a first warning. Thank you.
The malevolent  and reflexive use of "re---ded" here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please avoid it.
Reddit is for everyone. We insist that you not use that term again. This is a first warning. Thank you for your understanding.
The pejorative use of "re---ded" here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please avoid it.
We ask that everyone on Reddit refrain from hate speech and maintain civil discourse. This is a first warning. Thank you for understanding.
I get what you're saying but using that word really hinders your argument.
His logic is misguided if anything but he has a point.
Language that demeans based on disability isn't acceptable
Language that demeans based on disability is not ok
Demeaning someone because of gender isn't ok
Agreed we shouldn't make rash statements about others based on a limited amount of data.
Language that demeans based on disability is not ok
Retardation" as used here offends many and so should be avoided.
Regardless of current words it would be useful for us as a society to tailor our language to better represent all of our members.
Avoid language that imparts agression. Refrain from using language that is dergatory towards certain poopulations (i.e. devlopmental disable
and rampant misogyny
Rather than dwell on outrage energy is better spent understanding why we take issue with these things and how we may improve them.
Refrain from using sexually explicit language
"bi--h
and rampant misogyny
She is unjustified in that behavior but a more level-headed approach to justice will have longer-standing effects.
Avoid using profanity gender-biased terms  and sexually exploitive descriptors.
Avoid intimidating language avoid profane and dergatory terms.  Avoid degrading terms especially when directied at people.
Politics aside remember that they are people beyond their ideologies.
Avoid profane language when referncing individuals.   Look for replacements for profanity and use socially appropriate substitutes.
Hey there racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported. Thx
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Hey there homophobic and derogatory are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Wow. You seem like a very angry individual.
hey there homophobic and derogatory slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank You
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Using a derogatory term to describe people you don't like also makes fun of those with mental disabilities.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Just because someone is not as smart as you does not mean they are less than you.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Just because somebody likes the same sex does not mean they are less than you.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Just because someone has a different belief than you does not mean your opinion is better than theirs.
Ret---ed" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
When expressing your opinion we must insist you not use that term. Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. Thank you in advance.
Hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
Although we understand the self reference out of respect to fellow Redditors we must insist you not use that term in the future. Ty
Hey there racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported. Thx
Hate speech is not tolerated. Your account is suspended. You can appeal this action by emailing a Moderator.
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. Any further usage of said term will result in account suspension. Please review our user policies.
Hi there Sexist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
This thread is closed and your accounts are suspended. You can appeal this action by emailing a Moderator. Thank you have a nice day.
Its inappropriate to use the word 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
Just because someone is a different race than you doesn't mean they are less than you.
Using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Name calling the people you don't like isn't going to help anything.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using a derogatory term to describe someone you dislike isn't going to change anything.
Its inappropriate to use 'beta-faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Using the word 'retardation' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Just because you disagree with someone's beliefs doesn't mean their opinion is less valid than yours.
"Ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
I'd be much more open to discussing this with you if you didn't use that word.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
I'd be inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that slur.
I can't continue this conversation with you if you continue to use offensive words.
Maybe but using "c--t" offends most people communicates only ignorance and so is not welcome here.
I understand your point but I can't agree with you when you use that word.
That's a offensive term
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (idiot) and gender (cunt). Refrain from such words.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (retards) . Refrain from such words.
Please do not stereotype people by age.
Please do not use derogatory phrases to stereotype people.
Its inappropriate to use terms that refer to one's mental disabilities.
Using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care.
Ok this language isn't appropriate. Watch it please.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability or one that demeans a person's race does not promote understanding.
This language is absolutely disgusting. I'm speechless. You need to reevaluate your life choices.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
This whole conversation is ridiculous but please watch your language.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Watch the language please. This is not appropriate.
This language is marginal. You're toeing a line.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Insults based on gender are not ok
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
Insults based on gender or disability are not ok
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value.
Insults based on gender are not ok
Its inappropriate to use the words 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
There's no reason to call people names. They're not harming you in any way.
Insults based on nationality or race are not ok
You probably shouldn't try to combat one kind of hate with another kind of hate.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
I think we're all past using something this hurtful in a serious discussion.
Using a derogatory term against someone you disagree with makes fun of the people with actual mental disabilities.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care.
Please don't share hurtful stereotypes specifically to foment hate against Arabic people.
Judging an entire race or religion on the actions of a few people doesn't make any sense.
Using those kind of words do not contribute to a useful conversation.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to change anything.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they're less intelligent than you.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Using the words 'retarded and idiot' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others because of their gender.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Please refrain from making insensitive comments towards a certain gender.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Please refrain from attacking people regarding sensitive topics such as assault.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
There's no reason to use profanity to attack others.
Please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
I wasn't sure a man could be a feminist until I read an article recently. It seems there's actually a lot of men who agree with the ideas.
When you use that word it invalidates the point you're trying to make.
As a female I also think Kavanaugh was used as a pawn and was never guilty of rape.
Your argument is greatly hindered by the use of that word.
I don't think she was wrong for leaving the note but she could of been a bit nicer about her words.
When you use that word it makes me not want to listen to your perspective.
The more people keep buying into these corporations the more products their going to make. We are actually the problem.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence.
Don't use language that could be offensive to those with inellectual disabilities.
That is a bit extreme. So as a female I can do anything I want except a major crime and not go to jail; not a good idea.
I understand you have a point you want to make but when you use that word it's hard to want to listen.
Generalizing an entire country like that is false and unnecessary. It is also never okay to suggest suicide just because you don't agree
A better response to user 5's verbal attack would have been to simply ignore rather than strike back based on their country of origin.
This post targets a user based on their national origin please do not do this.
Just because you don't agree does not mean that you should call into question someone's intelligence with an ableist slur
Please do not use language that could be offensive to those with inellectual disabilities.
Even if she can't get her projects done
Please refrain from using sexist language in your posts.
Expressing a a thought does not require the use of bigotry to be heard.
Please do not use homophobic and sexist remarks in your posts.
Please don't make abusive remarks to people thanks
Though you may not realize it the word choice you have used is incredibly vulgar and can be offensive to women. Use better words!
Please don't make sexist remarks thanks
This is incredibly offensive to women and your word choice needs to be improved to prevent harm. It hurts more people than you think.
Please don't make abusive remarks thanks
The word choice you are using is very insulting and vulgar especially since it targets women and rights. You need to use better words!
Let's find out what the penalties are for men and women in this situation.
Keep the language civilized and we will all enjoy your contributions to the conversation.
I don't think we know what she actually got.  Did she say she needed help?
Hateful language hurts the discussion...Please try again.
I think there are some things we can agree on let's focus on that.
Please be civilized in the conversation here.
I think not everyone would be interested just because she is a woman.
Keep the language civil to promote a more thoughtful dialogue please.
I don't think that you can make a blanket statement like that what are the examples?
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't solving any problems.
You should really apologize and not act so entitled yourself.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they are worth less than you.
Making fun of someone or using their disability no matter how serious is pretty shallow.
Hi There Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
Name calling someone isn't going to change the situation.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Calling someone names based on their gender is just a reflection of your character which seems to be pretty shallow.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
Hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
start a conversation about why men judge women harder than they would another man
I have no idea why you guys think talking like that helps your case or argument. Stop it.
But that doesn't mean it's the right thing to say. It doesn't take that much extra effort to use less hateful language.
ban users who use hate speech
That term doesn't have a place anywhere. Stop it.
"c--t" and "ret--ded
and the venomous hatred in which they are embedded here
Smell is a perfectly normal body function being offended by it is like being offended that the wind blows!
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Or maybe she was so terrified that she just can't remember.  You weren't there so you can't say what actually happened or not.
Re---d" as used here debases the speaker and may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families .
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
The intellectually delayed have nothing to do with this and there is nothing wrong with wanting fair and equal treatment for everyone!
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
No women will not be silent! Our anatomy proudly queefs in your general direction loudly!
Shitc--t" used here is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
You have no right to be happy over this it is a failure of our justice system for both sides and your impudent rage at her isn't helping.
Dang
There is no reason to use such hate speech. Your post will be reported and if this continues you will be banned.
If you continue to use this kind of speech we will be forced to report and ban you from future use.
You can talk about these people in a better way without that word. Using that word only detracts from your otherwise helpful comment
Your post is meaningless and devoid of any content nor does it even match the OP. Additionally hashtags do nothing on Reddit
Yet again
"Retard" and "retarded" are hateful words that are used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
I can't stop laughing that you are worried. Pretty sure more girls out here looking for a relationship than her. Go look.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt
When in doubt
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman on the basis of her sex in a hateful and bigoted manner.
You must not know the actual definition of feminism.
This is an inappropriate way to share your thoughts. It sounds like you have a disagreement with the media. Could you rephrase your point?
I don't understand why people with disabilities are a part of this conversation.
The truth is the truth.
I understand you are tired of the recent conspiracy-trend; there is at times truth to the concern though. Can you elaborate more?
A lot of your commentary is unnecessary. With that said I would like to hear more about the actual content of your comment.
Why do you feel threatened?
I don't think some of what's being noted here is applicable. Can you elaborate further on your thoughts regarding gender inequality?
This isn't harming you in any way
Do not generalize.
There are a lot of opinions here and a lot of disagreement about certain terminology. Perhaps we could talk more about the need for this?
Using language that offends people through bigotry and gender terms as well as intelligence is useless and does not help.
I would appreciate if you didn't use such hateful speech to express your disagreement
The language is completely inappropriate and should not be used as it attacks women and is distasteful.
Hey I understand your point but it would probably be a bit stronger without the extra insults!
Using language with cuss words offends people and some words can be a direct attack to people with different orientations. Try to avoid it.
I think it would be more helpful if you expressed your counter-argument without hate speech
When one uses language that attacks intelligence that is in the realm of specials needs it is harassment and is not accepted.
I think you could reach your target a little better without the extra insults - if you could clarify what you meant by those.
Racist words are not socially acceptable in society anymore and need to be avoided at all costs.
You are being temporarily suspended. Please review our user policy and code of conduct.
When you use that word it automatically invalidates your point.
I understand that you have a point to make but it's very hard to commiserate with you when you use that word.
Just because you do not like something such as a major doesn't make it right to look down on others.
Persons with disabilities. Reddit is for everyone. Thank you for understanding.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence.
While your feelings are valid we ask that you use less offensive terms out of respect. Your fellow female Redditors thank you.
I'd be more interested in your perspective if you didn't use that word.
*Homophobia has entered the chat*
Name calling speaks volumes about one's character.
I think delusional hotpocket has a tastier meaning.
The fact that you responded in such a way makes me wonder if you and your mom have a good relationship. I think you need a hug.
I agree she is in the wrong but this anti-female slur isn't necessary.
Speaking such foul names about women shows a serious lack of respect.
That is not a very articulate description and is actually highly offensive.
Foul language doesn't make your point of view any more valid.
The post was funny but your hateful comment wasn't necessary.
Name calling does nothing more than start pointless arguments.
This man was clearly disabled and it's so sad this happened to him. I pray he finds real love.
Let's get back to the fact she spit on a cop. I don't care what color or race she is. That is disrespectful and deserves jail.
Hate speech is a reflection of the person it's coming from.
All this for a logo. Come on now let's be adults. If we don't the logo than stay away from their stuff. Don't buy it or buy into the drama.
Please stop this name calling it completely drags down what was an otherwise good discussion.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
I don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation.
Women have often played a huge role in war and using an ableist slur to imply lack of intelligence does nothing to further your argument
I haven\'t seen these lies you are referring to and while that accusation was weird the "r" word is hurtful to use especially in context
Obesity is a serious medical condition and shaming isn't going to help those suffering though gendered insults aren't the proper response
Someone's weight has nothing to do with this. I don't see the connection at all.
Calling someone a name based on their gender is a bit of an odd way to show disdain for their attitude
It wasn't stupid but it did need more relevant content.
I've never heard anyone on the left using SJW like thatusing an ableist slur to imply lack of intelligence is hurtful to people with autism
Interesting I didn't know there was a modern and old school feminist difference.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Don't use a medical condition based insult.
Using a derogatory term to describe someone you don't like puts down those people with actual mental disabilities.
Even if this is a true account one person hurting you does not mean you should hurt them.
This is a damaging view of women that is likely to harm your relationships.
I wish that you would prioritize the rule of law over your ideology.
Poor kid. She is only 17 years old and doesn't know their customs. She will never make it.
I can understand your anger but her actions aren't because of her gender so please don't be insulting in that way.
My ex was a couple inches shorter than me. It isn't a big deal. You get used to it after a while.
While you may be trying to be humorous using those terms they're offensive to one's race and even disabilities.
I have zero gay friends but honestly I want one!  The men have better taste than the female friends I do have!
It's fine to feel secure in your sexual preference and manhood but please don't insult someone because of their sexual preference.
I understand you're position but using these negative terms will not help your cause.
When you refer to feminists with such vile names it only supports their point which I assume isn't your agenda.
Wow that is a little bit pushing it... I mean the kid is going to have a record over spilled milk.
I can see you would like attention and that's fine but maybe try a different way than using a term offensive to women.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Using words insulting people basedon a qulaity they have no control over is an exguahsted insult. It is not helpful to anyone.
Woah! Please be careful in the words that you use - maybe try a less derogatory more universal term instead. Thank!
Name calling someone you dislike isn't going to help anything.
Refering to women using language like that is insulting to half of the human race. Women desvere to be listen to and respected like everyone
Please be careful with the words you use! Your message point can be made using more universal terms. Thanks for understanding!
Just because you dislike something doesn't mean you should make fun of disabled people.
Using words that are used for people with disabilites furthers stigma against poeple with disabilites.It degrades people who deserve respect
These types of words are considered derogatory and offensive. Please refrain from their use and instead use more universal terms!
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
Using words that are used to degrade people with disablilites is ignorant and no need for your argument. It takes away from the argument.
Please be careful in the words you use! Instead we can use more universal names to make our points. Thanks for understanding!
That's a real kick out of making other people feel miserable.
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
This language is hurtful to women and could be expressed in a much better way.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
This language is unnecessary and hurtful to women.
There's no reason to call people names. They're not harming you in any way.
That particular term is offensive to people with intellectual disabilities and their families.
Please don't use ableist words to describe a person.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
This subReddit is being immediately closed. Please review the code of conduct and consider yourselves warned. Thank you.
You are being banned from this thread. We appreciate you making more respectful choices in the future. Thank you
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care.
Persons with disabilities from now on please we appreciate your cooperation.
Just because you don't like something doesn't mean that its not important to someone else.
Imagine what we could do together to advance humanity rather than sitting behind screens name calling. Please rise above this.
Name calling people you disagree with isn't going to change anything.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Gay people are very intellectual and excel in whatever they do. Im not sure that is what u mean to imply with thatcomment. Please try again
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Using the words 'cunt and slut' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Its inappropriate to use the word 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
Using the words 'cunt and twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
That's a pretty sorry response.  I can't even focus on your point because of the offensive language.
I think your argument makes sense but your point is getting diluted by the harsh language.  I'd back off it a bit.
I don't necessarily agree with what she was doing either but by using those abrasive words you are weakening your points.
I appreciate the explanation of the terms but maybe we can have a civilized conversation without the slang jargon.
I think your point is valid but I'd watch some of the derogatory terms because it detracts from your argument.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
I agree with you to a point but it's rather offensive to call others that word. It's ok to feel strongly about something but using slangisnt
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion or your argument.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this.
Hey can you refrain from saying that word it's not necessary and kind of offends me.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
I get that you have strong feelings for her I've went through something similar with my girl but try to calm down a bit and think over thing
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Hey now try to calm down. Let's take this to the police and let them handle it.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.   It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this subreddit.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Please avoid using language that may offend or marginalise the mentally ill or any other minority groups.
Using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Please avoid using language that may offend or marginalize any minority groups such as lesbians in this case.
Its inappropriate to use 'dyke-n-hiemer' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Please avoid using language that may offend or marginalise the mentally ill.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Hi not to call you out as much as just note language - it is way classier to be able to throw insults without slurs - and hits harder.
You could just say 'grow up to act spoiled and entitled
I don't understand why you gotta use slurs to talk about your disdain for this woman. She's already in the wrong.
Using language like that speaks volumes about one's character.
Try to rephrase your words. When you denigrate those with disabilities you are immediately less trustworthy.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Try not to put down those with disabilities. You will be taken much more seriously.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care.
When you use that term your argument becomes null and void.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
Using foul language doesn't make your point any more valid.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
I am pretty sure using that term doesn't help your argument.
Its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Yeah that term doesn't really add anything to this so there's no point in using it.
Its inappropriate to use the word 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
While I can agree with the sentiment
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Hi There please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
Using "Ret--ds" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Hi There Please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
Hate-fueled words like "c--t" and "ret--d" are offensive bigoted and should not be used in political discourse here.
Using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
"Ret---ation" and "ret--ded" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families please avoid these terms.
Its inappropriate to use 'dyke' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Pejorative use of the word "dyke" can cause offence and detract from any point being made.
Please don't use words that are counterproductive and deleterious to others.
Stop using that vulgar term when talking about females and do not use hateful terms regarding sexual orientation.
When you use words like those it reflects poorly on your character.
Please do not use hateful terms regarding sexual orientation on this feed.
When you use a word like that it immediately invalidates your argument.
Please do not refer to women to that vulgar term and do not use that racist term regarding someones religion.
I'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word.
Do not use someones gender identity as an insult to others.
It's a shame you use a word like that as it makes it hard to listen to your point of view.
Hey I think you should watch your language...I'm sure the woman is extremely nice and a kind soul!
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It doesn't aid your argument or add anything of value to the thread
There's plenty of ways to express yourself without profanity.
While false accusations are serious we should try to sympathize with those who ARE telling the truth. Hear their side of the story.
Using hateful sexist language isn't adding anything productive to the thread.  Please refrain from doing so in the future.
Hello! Just a friendly reminder that your words are offensive. There are so many reasons not to use the "R" or "C" words!
Please refrain from using ableist or sexist language in your posts.  It is not contributing anything productive to the conversation.
That word needs to be abolished from your vocabulary
This word is the ultimate insult and used to belittle others. I encourage you to look up the word's history. The results may surprise you.
It's difficult to understand your perspective when you use that word.
Totally unnecessary to use hateful language about disabled people to express your opinion.
Your point would be received better if you didn't use that slur.
It was unnecessary to use hateful language for women in your response.
I'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word.
No reason to use hateful language about disabled people to disagree with previous user.
Its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Remove message and warn the poster of inappropriate conversation.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to help your argument or add to the discussion
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It does nothing to add to the discussion in this thread.
You don't need to call them names or vulgar language to make your point. The validity of your post just dropped.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread.
The way you talk about women makes anything you say afterward get ignored.
Name calling someone with a different opinion than you isn't going to solve any problems.
It's considered hostile to reduce a person to a part of the body.
Just because someone is a different race than you doesn't mean they are less than you.
That term reminds of the centuries America wasn't so great.
Just because someone is not as smart as you doesn't mean they are less than you.
Just because someone has a different opinion than you does not mean they are stupid.
A sign of strength is the ability to not attack people who disagree with you.
Using the "c---" term malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
"Re---ded" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and so is best avoided.
I understand both sides here but watch some of the terms associated with the mentally challenged.  They are quite offensive.
"Re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and so is best avoided.
Your argument would be better received if you didn't use that word.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
I don\'t feel like the "inbred" and ableist slur comment was really necessary and it doesn\'t add any value to the discussion
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Minus tolerance and acceptance that's inaccurate. Homophobic language was unnecessary especially in defense of LGBT people
I want to have this conversation with you
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
People mislabeling other people is not cause to use a word that is harmful to those with a mental condition regardless of how you feel
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
Disagreeing with someone else is not cause to call them a name that people with mental conditions have ask people to not use
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Hi There Please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Hi There Please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
When you use that word it makes your argument unreadable.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread.
It's very hard to understand your perspective when you use that kind of language.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread.
When you use those kinds of words it reflects poorly on your character.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything of value to your argument or the conversation
It's hard to take your argument seriously when you use that slur.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this sub.
hey guys i know the 'r' word just gets used as a catch all so maybe we could watch out for that.
Suggesting someone is fat or gay is disgraceful you guys should spread more love than hate. Spreading positivity will come back to you.
there are a lot of correct words you guys can use to make the same points.
Feminist have a right to spread their views on matters. They are doing so in a positive manner you are spreading hate. Spread love User 1.
i cant take that argument seriously until you stop lumping all women together with those terms.
Although it has been proven some women have falsely accused men of rape it should be known rape is real. Be respectful towards those women.
a million words you could have picked  yet you decide not to think. i just dont know what that means.
Even though you are expressing your views you should never call anyone the c word. This is real life for these people be respectful.
could you use your real thought here. you have insulted a man with a ladies slur that lumps all women together. i just dont understand.
Ah
I completely understand your frustration but naming call doesn't get us anywhere.
Do not use hateful terms regarding someones sexuality to insults others.
Stop using a mental disability as an insult to other posters
We can disagree without being insulting.  If you don't like his opinion
I am just as shocked as you. I agree completely but i wished you could have said that differently.
Refrain from using hateful sexual orientation terms to be rude.
I hear you but not all women are like that. Thank you for your input but your're better than to use words like that.
Do not use that sexually vulgar term when talking about genders.
Do not use those vulgar words and hurtful terms regarding disability when responding to others.
When you use that word it's really hard to take your perspective seriously.
When you use that word it immediately invalidates your point.
It's very difficult for me to discuss this further with you when you use that slur.
When you use that word it automatically invalidates your argument.
I don't even know what that string of hate means
We don't tolerate misogynistic or homophobic language here.
That isn't respectful to say of a woman. Perhaps comment on her crime and educated us instead.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean you should use a derogatory term against them.
There is nothing wrong with a kid trying to take apart a clock and reassemble it. That is what I used to do with my toys as a kid.
Using a derogatory term against someone you disagree with is putting down people with mental disabilities.
I love pumpkin spice and so does my husband. I assure you this has nothing to do with our sexual preferences.
used pejoratively
That word really refers to a female dog. So calling a woman such a name is beyond degrading and we deserve more respect.
Name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" (or "cnt") to demean this woman specifically on the basis of her sex in a hateful manner.
Please eliminate the hurtful language and use words that aren't so offensive.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Please remove the attacks on people who have intellectual disabilities and just state your concerns.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman specifically on the basis of her sex in a hateful manner.
Please take care in the words you use as these comments are very harmful to others.
I don't see any reason to attack others based on their gender and beliefs.
This word is holding our society back from taking the next intelligent leap.  Please find and use another word.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to target others because of their gender.
I can't explain how badly I wish everyone would stop using this word.  It is harmful and hateful.  We should try harder.
I don't see any reason to attack immigrants and use profanity.
I'm not sure who you are referring to with this intellectual verbiage but please try to find a better less shockingly horrible word.
Please don't use insulting words to attack people of a certain race.
I feel like you probably know this already because you are a human being but please refrain from this verbiage.
Using sexist insults in your posts doesn't add anything to your argument or the substance of the conversation.  Please refrain in the future
Language that offends someones sex or gender is not allowed.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
Language that offends someones sex is not allowed.
Please refrain from including hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything productive to the conversation
Name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Language that offends someones sex or gender is not allowed.
Using hateful sexist language in your posts doesn't aid your argument or add to the conversation.  Please refrain in the future.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to help anything.
Language that offends someones sex or gender is not allowed.
Please refrain from including hateful ableist language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything productive to the sub's conversation.
Just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they are less than you.
Language that offends someones physical or mental disability is not allowed.
Your vocabulary is so limited. Don't you know any other words?
If you don't like the way she looks then don't look it's simple. We all have a right to look how we want to; purple green or blonde hair.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
I'm sorry you feel that way about freely expressing their rights to choose.  I hope you can be at peace one day.
I may not agree with certain agendas either but they do have a right to expression and free speech. Don't entertain it if it bothers you.
I get you're trying to stand up for people
Anyone lying about rape should be arrested. Each case should be treated uniquely and punishment accordingly.
What we did years ago as jokes isn't acceptable anymore. Older generations have a hard time accepting this.
Using retarded to describe someone as inferior is hate speech do not use it here.
Using cunt as an insult is hate speech. Do not use it here.
Language that insults based on gender is not acceptable
Language that demeans someone because of their race isn't ok
Language that insults based on gender is not ok
Language that demeans based on gender isn't ok
@User 2. There is no reason for name calling here. Let's keep this conversation civil.
You shouldn't be insulting people who have different opinions than you.
Namecalling isn't the best way to dispute opposing opinions. While the violent response is unfortunate the alternative is moreso.
Rape is about control and dominance over another person and besides everyone has different tastes. There's no reason to be nasty about it.
These people have went though some horrible things. You shouldn't insult them.
If you hate to demean real rape victims then perhaps insulting those who may have been raped is a poor route to take.
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
"Raging faggot" really has no meaning relevant to your comment unless you are intending to be homophobic. Precise verbage = better here.
Frankly I don't like your tone
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It is adding nothing of value to the conversation.
I'm sure there are other more articulate words you could have chosen.
While true such language is not tolerated on Reddit. We insist that you refrain from it's usage. Thank you for your understanding.
How would you feel if someone called you that word?
We insist that you respect your fellow Redditors with mental and or physical abilities and avoid such language in the future. Thank you.
Using this language makes people feel badly. There are ways you can rephrase this speech to communicate your point without being offensive.
That word isn't funny
Not to rain on your parade but per our user policies we must insist that you refer to Peter Griffin as having mental disabilities. Thank you
How would you feel if someone used that word to describe you? Try to use language that does not offend others.
Reddit is for everyone. Hate speech is not tolerated. You have been permanently banned.
We ask that you respect your fellow Redditors with disabilities when commenting. Consider this a first warning. Thank you.
There's nothing stupid about wanting to be portrayed accurately in media.
Reddit does not tolerate  hate speech. Your accounts are suspended. You can appeal this action by emailing a Moderator. Ty have a nice day.
Perhaps you should consider that these women are working as nurses because they're good at their job.
We ask that you refrain from such offensive langue or be guilty of double standards and hypocrisy. If you want respect give respect. Ty
You have many labels for those you dislike help me understand what they mean.
This discussion has veered into dangerous territory. This reddit has been permanently close. Refrain from such language in the future. Ty
Please express your understandable ire with more appropriate language out of respect for our female Redditors.
Yet using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided so there\'s that.
Avoid using sexually inappropriate words in your posts
Why not educate someone who doesn't understand? Making them feel bad about not understanding is unlikely to better the situation.
"Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
A persons disability should not be used as an insult
Even if most don't agree with them
Using the term "c--t(y)" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
Do not use that crude sexual term in your post
"Re---d" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
Stop using a mental disability as an insult
IQ is not the ultimate measure of intelligence and even if someone is less intelligent
Please do not use derogatory language against a national origin.
Just because someone is different than you doesn't mean they deserve to be treated badly.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe ethnicity or poverty.
Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they deserve to be treated badly.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe intellectual disabilities.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe women.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Using a derogatory term to describe something you dislike puts down those with actual mental disabilities.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe intellectual disabilities.
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
Bisexuals are who they say they are and yes I've seen older bisexuals. Also bi people aren't just women so generalizing is inaccurate
Using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation.
Name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Using the right words to talk about people is important and using gendered insults to disagree is disrespectful
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they deserve to be called names.
I don't understand what you are trying to say beyond name calling
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care.
Just because someone is a different race doesn't mean they are less than you.
It\'s odd to call someone a white supremacist and then use the "n" word in the same sentence anything else would be more appropriate
Discussing the term "wetback" is different from calling someone one. Try to avoid that.
I don't see any reason to attack immigrants and use profanity.
Using  'retarded and idiot' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
You shouldn't be bringing up sensitive topics. People have went through these kinds of things. To take them lightly is not acceptable.
You shouldn't be bringing up sensitive topics that don't relate to the topic. These things shouldn't be taken lightly.
Using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Please don't use ableist words to describe people.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are a bad person.
Stop using gender based insults.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Stop using gender based insults.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement
While we understand you were referring to yourself we ask that you avoid that term in the future out of respect for fellow Redditors. Ty.
Please do not use that term regarding a mental disability.
As a woman
We ask that you refrain from sexist hate speech. Reddit is for everyone. Please review our user policies. This is a first warning. Thank you
Please avoid using insulting terms when regarding a woman's gender.
This seems mostly like joking around
We ask that you take care with your terminology in the future out of respect for your fellow Redditors. Thank you for your understanding.
Please do not use someones sexual orientation as a term of hate
Using the phrase "c--ts...rot in hell" and sequelae conveys hatred and misogyny: it is not permitted here.
Both hateful misogyny and the use of the "c--t" term are bigoted speech and not permitted here.
Using the term "c---" reflexively thoughtlessly and pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided here.
Refrain from hate speech and such language or we will be forced to ban you. Thank you.
Regardless of stance hate speech and derogatory terms are in conflict with our code of conduct. This is your first warning. Thank you.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their race and using profanity.
When you use a word like that it makes it hard for me to find your point of view interesting.
Please refrain from making insensitive comments and using profanity.
Please refrain from attacking people regarding sensitive topics such as assault.
It's hard to understand your point of view when you use word like those.
You can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others.
I'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use those types of slurs.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their race.
It really hurts your argument when you use a word like that.
It seems like a waste of your time to go out of your way to make people upset.
Re---d" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
I don't understand why you are taking focus away from the child who was hurt.
Introducing words like this is doing nothing to help the conversation.
You using a person's race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
I would like to ask you to refrain from using that in the future. We are all trying to be positive here and lift each other up.
Please do not use racist words thank you
Please do not use offensive remarks thanks.
Please don't make offensive remarks in you comments thank you
There are much better words that can be used to replace the foul language.
The term you have used can be seen as very offensive to others even if you didn't realize it. You need to be more careful with your words!
Using harsh language and name calling leads to pointless arguments.
I understand you are expressing anger but the term you have used is very offensive towards the disabled community. Be more careful.
Foul language should be replaced with more appropriate words.
The terms you have used are offensive and disrespectful to the LGBT community. You need to be more careful with your choice of words!
The term you have used is disrespectful and offensive to the disabled community! You need to be more careful with your choice of words.
Speaking down on someone speaks volumes about one's character.
The terms used are offensive towards other women who are not a part of this conversation. You need to use safer word choices!
Wow! there is no place for that type of vulgar language on this feed. Do not put down another person culture.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your intellect.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Please do not use that sexually vulgar term when talking about the female sex.
Your argument would be more effective if you didn't use that slur.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Do not use a mental disability as an insult to others.
When you use a word like that it makes me not want to continue listening to your perspective.
Do not reply if you cannot avoid using that sexually vulgar term on this feed.
Those words essentially make your argument invalid.
Please do not use a hateful term regarding a persons sexual orientation and use that vulgar sexual term.
It's hard to take your argument seriously when you use those sorts of slurs.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
The word loses its shock by the third time.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment
This word is hurtful to people with mental and intellectual disabilities.
E doesn't intrinsically denote any gender. Before you comment on another language learn a little more about it.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
That word is hurtful to female-identifying individuals.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
The r-word is out of date and intentionally hurtful to specific groups of people.
Repeated reflexive and knee-jerk use of  variants of "ret--d" as a pejorative are hateful and offend the mentally disabled.
She is actually very talented and it's uncalled for to call her something so mean.
You might not be aware but this term is viewed as offensive to others especially women. There are different words you can use. Be careful!
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
You are being very offensive to the LGBT+ community and need to be more careful with your words. These words can be very harmful to others.
Both the reflexive use of the work "f-g" and its variants and such hateful and venomous targeting of the gay community are forbidden here.
You may not have meant it in this way but the term you used can be offensive to others such as women. Be more careful with your words!
Calling anyone a "stupid tw-t" is hateful infantile and forbidden in this forum.
I don't think your mothers would appreciate you speaking like that.
The terms you have used here are not necessary and very offensive to other communities such as the disabled. You need to use better words.
Using such terms as "autistic" and "ret--d(ed)" offends the mentally disabled and their families and so must be avoided here.
There's no reason to call people names. They're not harming you in any way.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Maybe try atchually using the PC word for it.
Name calling the people you dislike isn't going to solve any problems.
Can just call her a dumb lady
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Offensive terms for females are not permitted
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
Derogatory slang term for females is not permitted
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts?  It adds nothing valuable to the discussion.
Threats of violence and derogatory terms for females are not permitted
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing of value to your argument or the conversation.
Native American terms used improperly and remarks about mental disabilities are not permitted
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
Sexist remarks and derogatory terms for mentally disabled and females are not permitted
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread.
Perhaps we don't know the whole situation
Language that demeans someone based on their gender isn't ok.
Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
People are entitled to their own opinions. If someone likes or wants to support the company let them. Go vote with your money elsewhere.
Insulting someone based on a disability is not ok
Next time maybe use astricks instead of the full word since it can be hurtful to a lot of people. Or just don't use it at all.
Insulting someone because of their race or gender is no way to treat a person.
Your account has been suspended. You can appeal this ban by emailing a Moderator. Please review our user policies. Thank you.
That's a lot of hate all at once. I feel like when someone calls out something racist you should listen to what they have to say
Women still face way more work discrimination. There's no need to get mad just because they want to be equals in the workforce
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
We insist that out of respect for your fellow Redditors you refrain from such terms in the future. Thank you in advance for your cooperation
Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Such language is not tolerated on Reddit. Reddit is for everyone. Please review our user policies. This is a first warning. Thank you.
Ableist insults like that only promote discrimination and stigmatization against people with mental health concerns/conditions
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Reddit is for everyone including those with physical and or mental disabilities. Please review our user policies. Thank you in advance.
While your feelings are valid using ableist slurs to refer to someone's intelligence is detrimental.
Wow. You seem like a very angry individual.
Use of a word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities distracts from the meaning of an argument.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
I don't believe hate of all women is warranted in this situation.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
A word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities is not useful when trying to add meaning.
Confusing deranged or nonsensical are words that are less emotionally charged with hate than the word that you used to described leftists.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
I don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this and her point still standers no matter how dismissive you pretend to be.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Wow. You seem like a very angry individual.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
It's fine if we have different opinions but there's no need to attack.
Racism and sexism go both ways. The better method of combatting privilege is to educate the future not destroy it.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
There's no need to use that language if you disagree. That can be offensive and I would appreciate just leaving it.
Her bellicosity is a result of more than her genetics. Initiating violence would only justify her to those around her.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman specifically on the basis of her sex in a hateful manner.
I get that you're upset but please remember that that's not a good word to call anyone.
It's difficult to taut your maturity so soon after resorting to namecalling. The most effective means of disputing something is with reason.
"Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Language that demeans based on disability or sexual orientation is not ok
Whats the point of the hateful language directed at unrelated irrelevant topics? I can't imagine it serves you an actual purpose.
Language that demeans based on disability or sexual orientation is not ok
Insults based on gender are not ok
A brand name is supposed to draw customers in not automatically eliminate an entire market based on solely it's name.
Insults based on race or nationality are not ok
Insults based on disability are not ok
Retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Agreed. Not a great way to make your case.
Looks like you need to do some fact checking before tossing your opinion in the ring. Language is inexcusable in this context.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
All this is so unnecessary. All of you should leave. Take your quarrel somewhere else.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using name calling and foul language speaks volumes about your character.
Name calling isn't an effective way to describe someone's personality.
Name calling speaks volumes about your character.
Using a vulgar term like that shows a serious lack of respect.
Please don't use that word. It's okay if we don't agree on things but I do wish you would leave it at that.
"Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
Funny that you seem to have been offended so you then choose to use an offensive term to show that youre offended
I understand your frustration
Regardless of intent the blasé way that you use autism in a negative way here is hurtful towards people who actually have autism.
We get it. You don't like SJWs. No reason to offend homosexuals in the process.
Please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts.  It adds nothing of substance to the conversation in this thread.
Woah! Please do not use hateful terms regarding someones sexuality.
I understand your frustration but the C word is highly offensive to women and you'd get your point across better without it.
Please refrain from the use of hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It is adding nothing of substance to the conversation here.
Wow. There is no place for that term here when referring to women.
Please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything productive to the conversation.
Woah avoid using those hateful and sexually crass terms when posting on the feed.
Sounds like a real asshole but you shouldn't use a word that's so offensive to women to express that.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread.
Withdraw from using those hurtful terms when talking about individuals and their actions
"Ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
"Re---d" as used here debases the speaker and may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families .
Using "c--t" debasively is hateful and is not to to used in this forum.
Using the word 'cunt or cunty' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using the words 'cunt and bitch' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
If you are really feeling this strongly about someone try and take time to calm down before you post. There is no reason to be rude.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their sexual orientation (incel) and gender (cunt). dont us such words.
If this is a joke it was not funny. You can make a joke without having to use harsh language.
You're account is suspended. Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. You can appeal this ban by emailing a Moderator. Thank you.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
If you are making a joke there are better funnier ways to do that without having to resort to hate speech. It only detracts from your post.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their sexual preferences (incel and faggot) and gender (cunt).
Do not discuss hate speech by using hate speech there are ways to avoid this. Name calling also does not add to the conversation.
Using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
A different word would describe the person and situation better without detracting from your post and its meaning.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
You can use a word that is more descriptive that dds to your post without having to use hate speech.
When you use words like those it's very hard to engage in a discussion with you.
Misogynist is new to me but I really like how you said your gf helped you. We want to help the men in our lives and grow as a couple.
When talking about others and their beliefs and quoting them be the bigger person. Do not use the same language as them.
I don't agree that the man should pay for the child. Only the biological parent should ever be legally responsible.
If you feel this way you can find a better way to express it. Also try thinking about why you feel this way.
I'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that word.
You may find it funny but not every southern person does. So they should try to be considerate of all people.
That is a bit extreme. I would just get up and go on the couch or tell him to. We may not know the whole story.
If you feel this strongly about someone try explaining and thinking about why. There are also more descriptive less harsh words to use.
I am glad to hear the New York Times is getting into this and asking feminist the right questions. Maybe we can hear them out.
If you really like this artist then there is no reason to be so brash. You can describe what you dislike better.
Please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities.
Please do not use derogatory language for women.
name calling isn't helping your argument especially when in doing so you do the very thing you claim others do
Asexuality only affects those who are asexual. Politics have no place in sexual preference and they are human all the same.
Please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities.
People wander from their original point when nervous or anxious in speeches. Even Jeff Dunham has done so while on stage and he's a pro.
Please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities.
Speaking like this is ridiculous. Both genders have issues. All people have issues.
I'm not sure how any of you think this was not offensive. Of course he got down voted he's generalizing an entire group of women.
That lady is entitled to her opinion but she should realize it's important to stop undermining the importance of those murals.
Obviously she was newsworthy but if you disagree with her that doesn't give you the right to talk about her like that have some civility.
It's just the internet guys...
Hey while the facts are clear have some respect and act like adults. Treat each other like humans not as some computer screens.
Hi There Please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
i think kindly on your attitude towards other cultures but then you toss out the 'r' word. think! i can tell you are trying.
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Hi There Please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
cmon man you dont have to offend a whole gender to use one word about a person who isnt real. lol.
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and offensive. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
you guys should use a real word or actually say something relevant.
Hi There Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
you guys are still early in two centuries ago. no one will even listen to that argument.
Mocking someone because of a disablity is not acceptable.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Languiage that disparages based on sexual orientation isn't acceptable
Its inappropriate to use 'faggots' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Demeaning someone based on their gender isn't ok
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Mocking someone with a disability isn't ok
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing productive to the conversation in this thread.
Try to see things from their perspective.  It's hard to live in a society that doesn't accept you.
"Retardation" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Using hateful ableist language in your posts contributes nothing productive to this thread.  Please refrain from doing so in the future.
Retardation" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Using hateful ableist language in your posts adds nothing of value to your argument or the conversation.  Please refrain in the future.
It's against terms of service to use words like that.  Please tone it down
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion of the sub
"Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
I get that he came at you pretty hard but watch the wording.  You're dropping to their level.
I get the points both of you are making but your foul language and racist comments draw attention from your arguments.
"Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others because of their gender.
Insults based on disability are not ok
There's no reason to call people names. They're not harming you in any way.
Insults based on gender are not ok
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Insults based on gender are not ok
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Insults based on disability are not ok
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Your comment has nothing to do with OP's original comment - relevancy please.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I'd like to know what she said in court too but that dones't justify your use of name calling. It reduces interest in your comments.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
started out really well.
Dude calm down. Women are not divided solitarily into those two categories alone. That's as unfair and as biased as the original post.
Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. We ask that you refrain from it's use in order to prevent account suspensions. Thank you in advance.
Wow any one that is saying vile comments towards any person for race sexual preference etc is in the wrong.
Use of said term will not be tolerated on Reddit. Reddit is for everyone. We ask that you review our user policies. Thank you.
I can see your point that it's not smart to share personal info but the offensive name isn't really necessary to make your point.
Let's try to find another way to express ourselves without a derogatory term.
Such language is not tolerated on Reddit. Please find a different term or we will be forced to take further action.
I understand why this is frustrating but I'm sure you could come up with another way of expressing this without namecalling.
Reddit is for everyone including those with physical and mental disabilities. We insist you refrain from such terms in the future.
For people that are mentally challenged something they can't help that's hurtful to speak of them in that term.
Please don\'t use the term "retard
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
Name calling is not an effective way to get your point across.
I can see that you're trying to combat this rhetoric but I wish you wouldn't use this language to do it.
I don't think that using words which a derogatory to one's gender identity belong in meaningful conversation.
Your bigotry isn't advance the conversation at all.
I'm not sure why you would use these identities as an insult.
I don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation.
You shouldn't use such offensive terms if your goal is to engage in an actual discussion on this topic.
This has nothing to do with people who have disabilities.
Please don't make offensive remarks thanks.
Using the word "retard" to describe someone is offensive to people with mental disabilities
You're making a joke about rape which is a very serious traumatic even that can happen to a person and you should have more empathy
Please do not use offensive language towards people thank you.
Retard is an offensive term for people with intellectual disabilities and you should have more empathy
There's no need to call her those names. The court hasn't ruled her guilty or innocent so it is not our place to assign blame.
That isn't a very positive response... She is very wrong and I doubt she has a heart at all but I don't see how the system failed.
Women are just as valuable members of society as men.
I am shocked that throwing acid on someone wasn't considered a violent offense which requires the min of 3/4 of a sentence be served.
No allegations can be called that; all are valid if made with evidence to back them up. There is no need for blanket statements.
This is wrong and I'm a female. Everyone gets paid the same based off their performance which is determined by customers.
Other's sexual orientations are not yours to judge. Just because you disapprove does not make it wrong.
BrokeBack Mountain was the first film I saw that truly showed a relationship between two men that I understood.
I understand you're expressing anger
There is no need to be so rude to someone you do not even know; you have no reason to talk about her as such.
Wow 229k followers is a lot so I guess someone likes her.
Please refrain from hateful name-calling and default to a more universally accepted term! Thank you for understanding.
The butt grapper should be chraged as well
Pease take caution in the types of words you use! These can be seen as derogatory and offensive to others. Thanks for understanding!
I would be trying to make money on all those clicks from your posted links
This word is historically considered derogatory and offensive. Please refrain from its use and instead use more universally accepted words!
Woah please be careful in the words you use! These types of words are historically considered offensive and derogatory.
Just because someone has a different opinion than you doesn't mean they are less intelligent.
Using the word 'retardatio' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
Using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Hey there Please refrain from using derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thank you
Hey there racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported. Thx
Name calling the person you dislike isn't going to solve anything.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Hi there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Using the word 'retardation' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Dreads are kind of cool I agree. But not on everyone. There is no facts that dreads equal a criminal either.
Although I agree with how you are defending African Americans I do not agree with how you are using the word retarded. Be kind.
Using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I really don't know what Boob Physics is but it sounds like they want to tone down women in gaming. I say leave it alone.
Social Justice Warriors are expressing their personal views. I notice you are too but being respectful will get you further in life.
Its inappropriate to use faggotry' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Loki is awesome!  Even my daughters think he's amazing!
Its inappropriate to use faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
I am pretty sure it wasn't to ruin your marriage specifically. Try to remain calm it'll all work out.
Using that word is very offensive to the LGBTQ community. I see you are angry but you should express your anger in a more positive way.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Let's watch the language please. This is not necessary.
How do you if he's retarded? Is he slow?
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
That comment was not necessary.
This conversation is getting heated but you need to watch the language please.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
I understand what you're trying to say but please watch your language. This is not appropriate.
A lot of these responses are toeing the line yourself included. Please be careful.
There isn't a need to use derogatory language against gay people.
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
please do not use offensive language
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
please do not use offensive language
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
please do not use offensive language.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
please do not use offensive language
please do not use offensive language
Retarded" (or any derivative) is a hateful word that is used to demean people with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Refrain from language such as "amerifags" and "retarted" in your posts.  It is considered hate speech regardless of the context.
Politics today is the hardest thing to talk about with anyone. I just try to avoid it all together in person that is.
Totally argue with the fact he could of just got her out stop feeding the argument and drove off.
Refrain from using the term "cunts" to refer to women. Many users find this to be offensive regardless of the context.
So disrespectful to attack like that. My parents would of never allowed any of that.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Refrain from using the term "retarded." Many people find it offensive regardless of the context.
This shouldn't even be a topic. You take a woman out on a date one time and that doesn't equal sex. He looks desperate now.
Twitter went in on her hard. I don't agree with her argument but they could ease up a little.
Attacking someone's gender does not further this discussion.
You can make your point without name calling.
Hate speech toward someone's gender really hurts the points you are trying to make.
We dont need to resort to name calling.
This is a discussion that needs to be had. Just without the hate speech towards the disabled.
There are better ways to express yourself than using offensive words.
slurs against the disabled are seriously uncalled for
Lets not use derogatory statements to call something stupid.
That is true. If women keep knocking men than their just refusing the sexism onto men. Which isn't right.
Hate speech towards the disabled does not strengthen your point. In fact it does the opposite.
There are plenty of insults to use without resorting to hate speech.
Attacking someone's sexual preferences is not a way to win an arguement
Just use the term homosexual. It's not highly offensive like what you said.
"Retarded" is antiquated and frowned upon. Don\'t be antiquated and frowned upon
Using that word is simply not necessary.
"Retarded" disparages the differently abled. Don\'t be that guy
The word homosexual is not an insult.
Aren't you just reinforcing the things she said by referring to her in those terms?
There is no reason that you needed to use such an offensive term to get your point across.
Can't take anyone seriously when they think it's okay to use misogynistic slurs.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
I could take your opinion more seriously if you didn't feel the need to use the ableist slur.
Using the term "retar-ed pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
It's hard to take your comment seriously when you feel it's okay to use ableist slurs.
"Retard" as used here offends many and should be avoided.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
I understand what you're saying but the colour of their skin has nothing to do with it.
Stop with the racial bashing.
No need for the racial stereotyping of bigoted comments. Try and make your point in a less offensive way and you'll be taken more seriously
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
Stop bashing peoples' sexual choices.
There is definitely sensationalism over video games. I don't know if date-rape should have a place in this conversation.
Replacing the foul language will get others to want to read your input more.
All I know is if the right is recruiting gamers than the left must be too.
I hear this story a lot on both sides. Good thing you found out now before it was too late and you had kids.
I am not too sure but my son said Gamergate is real and that once you go that way the industry is done.
People will certainly take your point of view into consideration more if you would leave out the foul language.
I agree that a sub on anticensorship should be open to free speech but we also must have limits. Just behave.
Use of the r-word to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of a disability.
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
Refrain from sexually explicit language.  Omit profanity when describing gender specific's.
Use of the c-word to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
Use of the r-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with a disability.
n/a
Note: this word is roundly no longer acceptable in civilized discourse because it is hurtful and offensively denigrates people who are gay.
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
Use of the c-word to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
n/a
This is an offensive term. Please adjust your language.
A term that is meant to be demeaning to women doesn't have to be used to describe what moderators of a website are doing that you dislike.
I understand what you're trying to say but please watch the language.
Putting it like that's just giving them more fuel for their fire.
Hateful words don't add to a discussion and elicit negative emotions.
Watch the language please.
Stop using gender based insults.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Stop using medical conditions as insults.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
It wasn't necissary to use that word
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Using the word "retarded" as an insult is hateful to people with mental delays and should not be used here.
This word is politically incorrect
Using the word retarded as an insult is hate speech and must stop.
This is an offensice term
That term is offensive and doesn't help your argument any
Don't you think that words can carry negative connotation? Freedom of speech doesn't mean speech can't be hateful.
That was an unoriginal and immature response.
Say that to the people who believe in that philosophy.
No need to sound like a twelve year old.
Your point could have been made without the vitriol.
Why should we demonize peoples' political ideals? Healthy debate should be based on the effects of ideals
Your point could have been complete without the addition of the word cunts.
Seems a bit harsh? Maybe an oversight
Using the 'r' word means you're either stuck in the early 2000s or a 12 year old.
Your comment is only trying to rile people up with hate.
Your hateful comments and attitude are exactly what they're against.
Stop bodyshaming and using gender based insults.
That word is really offensive and doesn\'t just mean "stupid" like you assume it does.
Don't use a medical condition as an insult.
That might be how it is in your family but in families with stay at home moms the woman does the majority of unpaid work!
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
This sexist comment is why I left in the first place and will do so again.
Stop with the gender based insults!
I hope you don't teach your daughters to use that hurtful word in school.
Don't use medical conditions as an insult.
You could just say this woman is insecure.. and leave it at that!
The words used here are inappropriate.
Other words you might use would be stupid or dumb. More PC
To be taken seriously try using adult language.
Please be respectful and not use such vile words.
Being derisive to women is not a good thing. Try to be a little more politically correct in your language.
Using those words are offensive and uncalled for.
Generalizing women this way is wrong and an attack. They do not 'need beatings' and this is no way to treat somebody based on their gender.
It is your right to believe women should be held to the same standards but is not right to condone and promote such violence.
There is no reason for you to use that type of offensive language against individuals.
Everyone is entitled to their own opinions but there's no need for you to direct such nastiness to the woman.
Do not post on here if you cannot refrain from using vulgar sexual terms.
Stop using inappropriate sexual language when voicing your opinions.
hey there stop using offensive words based on someones sexual orientation to voice your opinions.
Your argument about these people's behavior is lost when you use diminutive language.
Please try to use language that respects those with different abilities.
Incels lack a romantic partner even though they desire one.   Therefore your labeling them as "rapists and pedofiles" is of poor judgement.
Please try to use language that is respectful towards those with different abilities.
Please try to use language that is respectful towards individuals with different abilities.
Please use language that is respectful of different sexual orientations.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time
Use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is so hurtful and offensive to all women.
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
Even if it feels justified to use the c-word for a person the word itself is hurtful and hateful towards women and not acceptable.
We should treat women with respects. After all men were born from women.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
This comment includes language that is deemed vulgar and offensive and has been flagged.
Using ableist language is not acceptable. If you cannot make your point without it keep your point to yourself.
This comment includes language deemed offensive and vulgar and has been reported to moderator for review.
These comments include language that is offensive and vulgar. The user has been reported for suspension of their account.
No. You cannot use that word. Now that you've received warnings from multiple sources further use will lead to a ban.
This language is offensive and defamatory. User has been reported to moderator and will be booted from further commentary.
There's no need for such sexist language. Further use of hate speech will lead to suspensions or bans.
There are likely more productive ways to get your message across.
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Please try to be respectful of others' sexual orientations.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
You need to find a better way to describe women besides your trivial attempts.
I am confident that you could have expressed yourself there without using such a highly offensive term.
Try to keep your anger down and be civil.
Being angry is fine but try different descriptive words for women.
I truly understand your hatred for your ex-wife but there's still no reason to potentially offend other innocent women with that term.
Do not be so bigoted.
Wow. Very edgy. Being as offensive as possible will never be funny or get your point across effectively.
Other words you might use. Dumb or stupid.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
You should refrain from including the hateful ableist insults in your comments; it adds nothing to your argument or the sub's conversation
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
"Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance.
You aren't helping your argument when you use misogynistic slurs in your comments.  It doesn't add anything productive to the conversation
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Using the terms "c--t" and "tw-t" pejoratively is offensive; their ill-considered use should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
"Ret--d" as used here offends many and should be avoided.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Using that word in a conversation about video games is really jarring and immature.
There is no reason to say this hateful word. It should be exchanged for something else. This will show your point more clearly.
Think of the disabled people that you have known before you use a word like that.
Instead of just name calling actually contribute to the conversation with a thought filled response.
You are knowingly breaking the rules. If you want to stay in the subreddit and be able to add to the conversation then follow the rules.
Hey I can see that you're frustrated but this is a pretty closeminded thing to say.
Your name calling does not add to the conversation and I am confused as to why you are name calling in the first place. Try to be more clear
You using a person's race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
How original an insult... /s
I think adoption is a worthwhile suggestion
Sheesh throwin' women under the bus here...
You apparently can't handle being considered offensive.
You hate LGBT people and women how "tough" of you /s
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
There are more specific terms to define political affiliation that don't attack someone for their beliefs
Political views have nothing to do with being pulled over for speeding.
Offensive language doesn't add to the conversation.
n/a
Your comment violates Reddit hate speech policy defined by a direct attack on people based on protected characteristics.
We all have an opinion and that doesn't mean the other is mentally impaired. I get what you're saying and I agree.
Don't use medical conditions to bash others or pick on other peoples' political choices.
Your comment violates Reddit hate speech policy defined by a direct attack on people based on protected characteristics.
Global warming is overrated but our planet is definitely going through some changes. I think more natural ones though.
Please don't bash people due to their race or gender.
As a woman I can tell you that word is one of the worst things you can call us.
Please don't bash people due to their gender.
Your comment violates Reddit hate speech policy defined by a direct attack on people based on protected characteristics.
We don't need more rights per say. We just want equal rights and equal pay.
Women don't get any special passes but many men do attempt to treat us more delicately because we're not a man.
Watch the language please. This is uncalled for.
If you wanna not look stupid you should not use terms like "aspergers person". Just some advice.
Not sure what's going on but all of you need to watch your language. This is not acceptable.
Call them by any other name and you're fine.
Just because you're an actress doesn't mean your not telling the truth. There's a difference between acting and lying like that.
Watch the language please. This isn't appropriate.
Re--rd" and its variants as used here offend many and should be avoided.
Please take caution in using such words filled with aversion and instead use text that is more acceptable.
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families
The words you say are demonstrating a wounding picture to others so please try more genial communications.
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
That may be an unintelligent thing to do but insulting people based on intelligence is a mean thing to do.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Wow whether you think something is wrong or not doesn't mean you should insult the intellectually disabled.
Stop using medical conditions as insults.
You can disagree with something that is happening whithout calling degatory names. Using that language dismisses a lot of people.
Stop using sexual choices as an insult.
These terms are offensive towards other group.  It's not necessary to use them as an insult on social media.
Using that language is offensive. People who have disablities should be treated equal and not put down.
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
Retard" is a very hurtful derogatory term. It would be better to use "mentally ill".
Please use language that is respectful of different abilities.
Using ableist slurs makes it hard to take you seriously.
Retard" is a hurtful derogatory term. It is an insult to mentally ill people.
Please use language that is respectful of women and different abilities.
Can't take you seriously when you use ableist slurs.
Please use language that is respectful towards different cultures and sexual orientations.
Hard to take you seriously when you use offensive language.
Using the c-word to insult a female is offensive and hurtful.
Ask the person to not refer to feminists in such a negative tone.
Use of hurtful and offensive slurs really downgrades the discussion here and is unacceptable.
Don't refer to the woman with those offensive terms
I get your point
Use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Don't call the judge a retard just because you don't agree with his decision.
Use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Using the term retard in that context is offensive
Trans people make the choice to be who they are. They're still people and deserve to be treated with respect.
Refrain from using abusive and derogatory language.  Remove sexually explicit words
Ret---ed" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
Avoid language that insults those with developmental disabilities
Re---d" as used here offends many and should be avoided.
Refrain from word(s) [retarded]. Explicit profanity against developmentally challenged.
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
I still am confused as to how you're not a man or woman.
The "N word" (even in this use) is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong here.
I don't think anyone should be referred as a white or black person. We are all people period. Stop the racial profiling.
McCaskill is a little too much with the agenda.
There's no need to use that word here you can call them unfunny without being rude.
I am white and I only hear that term used when making fun of someone or trying to be funny within the culture so it depends on content.
There's no need to be so rude she wouldn't comment on your weight so why are you commenting on hers?
I rather tell the driver which way to go sometimes because I might know a faster/cheaper route.
Both those words are offensive and you can vent your frustration at them without being rude.
The whole GamerGate thing is out of hand and needs to be closed out already.
It takes away from your argument when you can't get your point across without swearing.
Please cease the comments that are nasty and hurtful to the innocent.
Please eliminate the speech that is contemptuous and use language that is more hospitable.
"Retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. Don\'t be that guy
You don't need to offend all homosexuals to express the fact you don't like the parties involved. Just an FYI
I can tell that you are passionate about the topic but please convey your thoughts in a way that is not so damaging to others.
A lot of good people had a lot of bad things done to them having to do with that hateful word you're throwing around. it's the 21st century
There are plenty of other words that you could have used to convey that opinion. Slurs won't strengthen your opinion.
Woah man don't cut yourself on that edge.
Using bitch and retarded as insults is hate speech do not use such language here
"Stupid" or its 50 other synonyms could have sufficed here. America can have questionable rules but that doesn\'t mean you need to use slurs
Using retards as an insult is hateful do not do it.
"I don\'t agree with this political group so I\'m gonna use slurs!! That\'ll show them." - you probably. Do us all a favor and grow up.
Even though I might agree with the content in some of the posts
Using "b--ches" to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Using "ret--ds" or "ret---ded" to mean low intelligence may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
I am not sure what the previous post was as it was removed
I think you can come up with a better insult. That word is hurtful to many people.
The use of "ret--ds" to mean low intelligence may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
It's funny because Trump supports authoritarian policies. That said Vagina is not a good insult as women are people.
I still don't fully understand how a lawsuit to help Asian's will also help us.
If the Attorney General says it's fine than it must be.
Speaking of hurtful your comment is extremely so. You post this because you want to be validated but it's unacceptable.
If I find a meme that's hurtful I simply scroll past it or click to not follow that person; simple.
Whether or not OP is unintelligent is irrelevant to the discussion they were trying to provoke.
I cannot understand this argument between anime and fascism.
You're spamming offensive content. There is nothing wrong with being gay and I'm reporting you to the mods.
Serena Williams is beautiful but she has a terrible temper.
Offensive language isn't really adding to the conversation.
Your sentiment is right but this subreddit has strict rules about certain language. Please watch this in the future.
This is inappropriate. Please watch the language.
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
Using ableist slurs don't add anything to the conversation.
Not sure what's going on here but this is toeing a line. Be Careful.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Offensive language isn't making you seem as intelligent as you think you are.
This is all bordering on sexism and is frankly plain ignorant. Please consider using different words.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
This conversation is absurd and borders on hate speech. Let's watch the language please.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
Using language that is violent against people with disabilities makes everything you're saying seem invalid. It makes you seem ignorant.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this.
Stop using medical conditions racism and political propaganda as insults.
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Stop using gender based insults.
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Stop using gender based insults.
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Stop using gender based insults.
Using language that's violent towards people with disabilities just maesk you sound ignorant and makes people distrust your argument.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
There's absolutely no reason to use that word to get your point across. Many females find it highly offensive.
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Offensive language based on disability and race is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
The woman's behavior stands for itself. You don't need to insult a whole gender to express your displeasure.
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Offensive language based on disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Just because you don't like the woman doesn't make it necessary to use such an offensive term. All it does is make you look bad too.
Please refrain from using slurs against the disabled.
"Ret---ed" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Please do not use hate speech against the disabled.
1: Calling her those names doesn't actually show what she did wrong. And using those names undermines your arguments.
The words "bit-h" and "c--t" are offensive unnecessary and should be avoided in this forum.
Hate speech against someone's gender and death threats will not be tolerated.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Slurs against someone's gender or race will not further this conversation and is unacceptable.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Refrain from using hate speech about someone's gender.
Using ableist slurs isn't gonna help you get respect from anyone.
Do not use a mental disability for your own personal insult.
Some people dedicate years of their life to manual labor. They work long days because no one else will and often do overtime.
Do not use that type of offensive sexual language when responding.
Feminism isn't about abandoning anything. It's to get paid equally and respected as a human being rather being seen as a lesser species.
Avoid using hateful terms and sexual terms when responding to others.
Educating is far more effective of a tool than degradation.
Using ableist slurs in an attempt to deflect doesn't really make you seem very level headed.
Please avoid insulting others with terms tat deal with disabilities.
Political party holds no title to be demeaned as they just mean a set of beliefs not facts.Free speech comes at a cost.
"Re---d" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families please try to avoid its use.
You cross over into being a dick when you can't seem to develop a vocabulary beyond a few hateful words.
Please don't use offensive language like this.  We need constructive debates in order to make progress.
Calling your debate opponent autistic or "ret--ded" with no evidence for either is not helping your position.
It's one thing to not agree with a lifestyle
The harmful and offensive language is  completely unnecessary.  If this is how you feel about things then please keep them to yourself
"Ret--ds" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Yes this term is incredibly offensive and has no place being used in this forum.  Keep your negative opinions and attitudes to yourself.
The "N word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
That is just awful. Anyone taking advantage of a bedridden person is just evil. I hope she's in jail.
Using the term "c--t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Racism and sexism are not acceptable on this site. Continue to use such language and receive an IP ban.
"Ret--d(ed)" "c--t" and "b--ch" are all offensive terms of hate; please find a way to express your opinion without them.
If you can't make a point without ableist language then you'll face a suspension. If you then continue to post hate speech you'll be banned
I actually did see this and I don't think any part of the game was racist at all.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it certainly detracts from your message.
Your points fall flat if you need to rely on ableist language to make them. Continued use of such language can lead to a ban.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided because it targets all women.
No matter your reason refrain from using sexist language or face a suspension or possible ban.
I have been hurt by many men in my life
"Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families
There's no excuse for ableist language. Continued use will lead to a suspension.
Using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across.
Using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across.
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this.
Please convey your thoughts in a way that is not disgraceful to others.
Using the word 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally ill
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Using the word 'cunt' as an insult is offensive to women as its a direct attack based on gender
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Your words are quite abrasive so please limit the hurtful comments.
Using the word 'retarded' as an insult is a direct attack to the mentally disabled
Haha I've never seen someone be that vocally afraid of women.
Send out your comments with more congenial expressions please.
Using 'cunt' as an insult is offensive to women since its a direct attack based on gender
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Please communicate your opinions in a manner that is more congenial.
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to women since its a direct attack to the mentally disabled
Sad that you think it's okay to use ableist slurs in an attempt to add to the discussion.
2. inadequate expression: "piss poor retarded attempt
While the legal defense may have been poor bringing the intellectually disabled into this is unwarranted.
Sad that you think it's funny to use misogynistic slurs in an attempt at humor.
2.  " a shit about your mom being dead"\n3.  " sex with the corpse"\n4.  sex his dead mom \n7. "fuck OP"\n8. "fucking cunt"
Your mother would be ashamed of you. Stop using the c word.
1 firecracker\n3 stupid bot\n4 what a cracker\n6 cracker\n7 newmug\n8 retard bot\n9 newmug\n10 cunt
Hey maybe the bot is right. Let's not use slurs.
Can't take you seriously when you use offensive language like that.
2  "only retards believe in"
While astrology may be dubious pseudoscience bringing the intellectually disabled into this is unfair.
The name calling and foul language shows a lack of comprehension of the topic.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Name calling doesn't make any points.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
This foul language shows a lack of intelligence.
You should not use that word to talk about women. It is very offensive
Stop using gender based insults.
It is ok for you to express your opinion but you could do it without using that word to describe this women.
Stop using gender based insults.
Stop using a medical condition to insult others.
I don't know what that word means but I think it's hate speech. Think about how you'd feel if someone called you that.
Think about how you would feel if someone said that to you. Also reported for using hate speech.
Guys people have been killed over this dichotomous us-versus-them discourse before. Let's not use hate speech and treat each other kindly.
Let's just accept that there are extremists on both ends of the spectrum and move on. Attacking them like this only fuels their fire.
Speaking of rape intellectually disabled people are  more likely to experience sexual assault! Their lives are awful let's not insult them
This discourse is great. It's important that we share different opinions but attacking people like this will drop your credibility.
Homeless people are not helpless. Some do have mental illness and we do nothing to help them. Others are lost in a failed system.
Someone needs to learn to hold a conversation without using childish insults.
If you stopped all that negative commenting I might be able to understand the topic of conversation.
I think only a woman is a lesbian but I might be wrong.
It's okay to not want to reproduce with someone you don't find attractive. You cannot prevent someone from finding a more suitable mate.
The use of foul language makes the point that is trying to be made that much harder to understand.
Stop using gender based insults.
Her rack has nothing to do with what happened to her. Objectifying a woman while also insulting her isn't okay.
Talking about women in such a manner shows a serious lack of respect.
Stop using gender based insults.
That word doesn't really apply. You never know who has a kid or a sibling that has had that word thrown at them in the ugliest way.
The use of foul language makes it difficult to see the point that was trying to be made.
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
Stop using medical conditions and political choices as insults.
The concept of a woman raping a man is new to me but I can see how it's possible.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
I wish the USA had $10 daycare when my kids were small!
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
I'm sure Our Lord would agree with the 1st part
Perhaps the airline just didn't know she was a doctor. Wow that is a bit much.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
The whole thing is a mess. I am a white person who likes to write letters and 9/10 times I get what I ask for.
Please refrain from using racist and derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
I'd be more interested in hearing your side of this if you didn't use that word.
A woman should never be refered to with that term no matter what her behavior.
When you use a word like that it reflects poorly on your character.
You should consider burden someone has wtih a metal disability and how difficult it mus be for their loved ones. Also Homophobia is not OK.
It's really hard to want to listen to you when you use words like those.
Would you feel the same way if someone sexually assaulted your mother because a man bought her a drink and felt entitled to ?
Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here.
Please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive
Most people of all races aren't bilingual.
You can't really correct people while being insultive even if they're obviously wrong.
Lets refrain from attacking someones character to get a point across. There are people that find words offensive based on experience
We are all global citizens and we should be mindful of that in the 21st century.
While both parties might be in the wrong hate speech isn't warranted.
Just because you may not like someone you still should not call them derogatory names
I seriously doubt people are actually 'triggered' by winter. Also don't use hate speech towards the intellectually disabled.
Hey guys if we want people to view us as being in the right we shouldn't use hate speech like the r-word.
The 'r' word is incredibly offensive and I think everyone should refrain from using it
Hey let's be kinder to the intellectually disabled and not lump them in with frivolous lawsuit makers.
The 'r' word is really offensive you shouldn't be using it
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
The term "fa--ot" is offensive to many people and so should not be used in a political commentary.
Here
Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
The terms "f--g(ot)" and the "n-word" are offensive to many people and so should not be used in a political commentary.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Stop gender bashing.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
The word 'faggot' needs to reconsidered here
Stop using words to bash sexual choices of others.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Its not right to use the word 'autistic' the way you have
Please stop gender bashing and using serious medical conditions to express yourself.
The R word isn't a joke. All people deserve respect
stop using medical conditions as insults.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
No need to attack women.
Do not use that word.  It is incredibly offensive and has no place in conversations.
Sorry people aren't all the same like you.
You can't define someone by their sexuality as people act out of their perceived norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
People of all kinds have needs. Try to have an open mind.
Everyone deserves to be treated with respect and that's all that the OP is asking for that doesn't mean that he's needy.
Referring to someone as going "full retard" is obscene and offensive. Try to understand why she is the way she is.
Just because someone disagrees with you doesn\'t make them a "garbage human" or a "retard".
Let's try to keep the language civil.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this.
Offensive slurs aren't really part of an intelligent conversation.
Try to use language that doesn't disparage someone.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this. Come on dude.
Can't take anyone seriously when they think it's okay to use ableist slurs.
Wow woman hater...
Nobody's gonna listen to you and take you seriously when you use offensive language like that.
This is clearly a hoax. Secondly don't bring the intellectually disabled into this. And stop using slurs.
"Cu--ts" and "ret---(ed)" are demeaning and offensive and so do not belong in intelligent commentary.
Hey terms like that are ableist. Please be more respectful to mentally ill people and don't use them.
Speaking of getting penalized for verbal abuse I'm reporting you to the mods. Stop using slurs.
I cannot believe you would use such language on a public forum. I am your grandmother and I am horrified.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
You are simultaneously talking down to a person for their rude words
Wow guys let's try respecting women and the intellectually disabled a little more.
"Cu--t(s)" and "ret---ed" are terms of hate and ignorance and have no place in compelling argument
As silly as people sort of panicking about nuking their neighbors is labeling them an offensive term attacking women is not needed.
Using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
C--t(s)" as used here is gratuitous and offensive; it should be avoided.
Those terms are derogatory to black people and women. Now that you are all aware we should learn and move forward from this.
Using the slurs here to insult hurts and demeans alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations
I understand you do not like the videos but words like those are offensive and demeaning to those with disabilities.
Using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations
It would be better to not attack her because she is female. If you disagree with her ideals then debate those not her gender.
Using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations
You mention class but then use an offensive word attacking a woman just because she is female. Follow your own advice it's quite good.
Using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations
I understand you're trying to make a point but please watch the language.
Even if you don't agree with her behavior there is no reason to identify her with a vulgar name.  We can discuss without insults.
I understand the argument you're trying to make but please watch the language.
This is disturbing and inappropriate. This is your first and only warning.
I understand this is frustrating news but please watch your language.
This language is no longer acceptable. Please adjust.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
We should focus on the topic and not attack someone with racially charged language when criticizing their actions
Using "bi--h" "c--t" and the "n word" all reflect both an enormous amount of bottled anger and a high level of insensitivity. Avoid here.
feminists might have another viewpoint and additional concerns but calling them insulting names is not helpful or acceptable for discourse
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is so very offensive that its reflexive and unconsidered use should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
trans people like all people can have opinions that differ from yours and that is ok what is not ok is attacking them for their identity
This use of the "c---" term to refer to another person is gratuitous and offensive; it should be avoided.
While that may be of poor quality using hate speech is unwarranted.
I really want people to stop censoring comics. We grew up with these comics this way so leave them alone.
I doubt they are intellectually disabled but if they were it would not change their value as a human.
They need better cameras on there so that she can get arrested.
Waking up to reality can be hard. Like waking up to the reality that you're a terrible person for using hate speech. I wish you luck with it
I am afraid to ask what this dance is all about.
You're not being the person Jesus thought you could be using the c word like that.
Good luck having that profession and ever being taken serious if that really does happen in the future. Terrible thing to lie about.
To use the word cunt is far too abrasive. If you use this language
Perhaps you should take to heart that people are telling you your actions are hurting them.
"retard" and "cousin fucker" don\'t add to the conversation.'
Why do you have to use such harsh language.  You could be much more civilized and your opinions would be much more coherent.
Even if you are trying to defend other people resorting to this language makes you look bad.
Resorting to base namecalling
Why does everyone have to use such offensive language.  just because someone disagrees with you there is no reason to use that language.
This makes the conversation silly and meanspirited when it could have taken another direction.
Stop using racism and sexual choices as insults.
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
Its kinda like a long running musical its great
Let's maintain maturity and not use words that insult people's sexuality.
Just because someone's name sounds a certain way doesn't mean anything about them that's narrow minded.
Retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. Don\'t be that guy
Hey let's not treat the intellectually disabled like that. How do you think they feel about being used as insults?
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Here's an idea! Why don't you stop calling women derogatory names and let us have our fun without poisoning the discourse?
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
The use of this slur is offensive and hurtful as it denigrates homosexuals.
I am sure some players enjoy this option
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Resisting arrest is never a good option.
Use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women.
I want to engage in this conversation with you but it is hard when you use words like those.
That is just rude. No one's face should be slapped and no one should be called a cunt face.
Retarded is inappropriate way to classify someone's political stance.
It's very hard to understand your point of view when you use that word.
Just because you believe someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they need to be called retarded.
You'd get your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use that word.
Retard is such an offensive word. There are better words to express how you feel about someone without being so offensive.
This is an interesting perspective but it's hard to digest when you use a word like that.
Something you don't agree with does not need to be called retarded. That word is offensive to a lot of people.
I want to engage in this conversation with you but it is hard when you use words like those.
Just because you don\'t care what someone has to say doesn\'t mean you should tell them to "fuck off" and/or call them a cunt.
Disable the chatbox from displaying offensive words.
People have the rights to practice any sexuality they deem fit as far as it isn't harming others. We shouldn't insult them for it.
Have the chatbox type*&^% when offensive words are typed in a comment.
Please don't refer to Asians using outdated and derogatory names.
It is considered rude to use derogatory terms regarding a person's disability.
Don't use medical conditions to bash political choices of others.
There is now reason to ever use a term so offensive to disabled people.
Stop gender bashing and using medical conditions to insult others.
Both of you are acting childish. Your entitled to your own opinions but name calling isn't getting either of you anywhere.
We don't need to use insults at all especially though offensive to the disabled.
Don't use gender bashing or medical conditions to insult others.
The 'r' word is offensive and should not be used to further your argument
Can't take you seriously when you have ableism in your comment.
The 'r' word is very offensive and there are other words you could have used to prove your point
Any intelligent thing you had to say is ruined by the ableist slur you included in your comment.
There are better alternatives to using the 'c' word here
The language in these posts is uncalled for.  You don't even know what this person was dealing with so why immediately resort to insulting.
Stop bashing medical conditions gendernationality political choicesreligious choices and sexual choices!
Please refrain from using stereotypes profanity and derogatory remarks about others' sexuality.
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
Please refrain from using profanity and referring to individuals based on something outside their control.
Please find a way to relay opinions without resorting to profanity or racial stereotype terminology.
Don't insult medical conditions and political choices.
Please refrain from using terminology that is a direct attack on someone's disability.
Please opt for using other words to define stupid or unlogical actions ot prevent association with mental handicaps.
Using foul language doesn't make your point more valid.
Name calling speaks volumes to that persons characteristics.
Gender stereotyping should be avoided as it bears no value to this discussion
All of the name calling and foul language takes away from the point that is trying to be made.
The use of name calling and foul language doesn't make the point more valid.
We should still be mindful of what others might think or feel about the issue
Using yours or others personal experience to define non binary as mentally unstable is probably not accurate. See if there are some studies.
Regardless of what they are using you should not fall to their level and start insulting
Its offensive to use 'dyke' as its a direct attack based on someone's sexual orientation
Using the word 'cunts'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Using the word 'cunts'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Using the word 'ttwat'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Using the term "tw-t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
So people disagreeing with you means they can't function. Gotcha.
Sheesh that took me by surprise. A little aggressive with the insults.
Wow that's aggressive.
Man you seem really angry.
This is incredibly offensive and unacceptable.
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
I would take your post more seriously if you didn't use vulgar terms referring to people who are homosexual.  Being homosexual is not wrong.
Watch the language. This in inappropriate.
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Watch the language. I understand your sentiment but you can avoid that kind of speech.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Let's watch the language. I understand you're quoting an article but you can censor yourselves.
Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
I understand you don't agree with the law
Watch the language please.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Hey let's not use slurs against the intellectually disabled.
Wow you need to do more research before you come on here and spew hatred.
I'm not sure if your post was meant to be hateful or funny but it was offensive.
Wow way to use hate speech against someone you think is wrong. How understanding of you! So kind.
That kind of language shows a lack of character in my opinion.
Let's be kinder to the intellectually disabled
Please don't use the r-word in your posts. Intellectual disabilities are not rare and that word is offensive to families/ friends everywhere
Stop using gender based insults.
It's hard to respect anything you have to say when you use ableist slurs in your arguments.
Stop bashing peoples' sexuality and medical conditions.
Stop using gender based insults.
You may have had a good point but it was ruined by the ableist slur.
Stop using medical conditions as insults.
Avoid using deragatory language when describing people or process'.  Avoid using profanity when describing objects
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Avoid using sexually explicit terms (i.e.  [cunt]   )
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
There's no reason to use that word. It's highly offensive to homosexuals.
Consider using more appropriate terms when describing individuals.  Avoid deragatory terms that are biased towards specific populations
Your post uses speech that denigrates religion and/or sexual orientation in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
Just because you don't agree with the doesn't mean you have to resort to using such derogatory terms.
Avoid using profane language. Omit term [cunt].. Replace deragtory words with socially appropriate terms.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Saying retarded is offensive and ableist.
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
I don't know if a hair cut comment deserves an attack like that.
The word cunt is offensive to women and you should not use it to describe this woman.
n/a
The word retarded is ableist and offensive.
Let's take personal vendettas out of this feed and somewhere more private if we are calling names and arguing back and forth.
Immigrants and muslims are humans and are not threatening your way of life.
Using that kind of language isn't helping anyone and is irrelevant
Everyone is entitled to an opini but please don't display one that attacks another' character there are different ways to get your point ac
People can say things spur of the moment that if they reflected on it more they might not. Case in point: the women above... and us too
Who cares what people do as long as it doesn't affect your life at all
Rise above the hate by using non-hate filled language #stayabove
Let's all have high standards... and try to keep this civil!
Generalizations based on race are never a great idea... let's focus on the players themselves
using that language isn't helping anyone
Please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive
I don't think any of us can speak for all of one gender... Let's try to just speak for ourselves right?
Derogatory terms are unnecessary.  You could have expressed your opinion without name calling and insults
If a woman made most of the money than legally she must pay alimony. It doesn't matter what he spends it on. Law is law.
Demeaning terms meant to insult people with real legitimate disabilities is uncalled for.  That language should never be used.
People can say the same for every party. Some has merit but not everyone is bad.
Your language is completely uncalled for.  Using a derogatory term directed at people with legitimate disabilities is wrong.
Exactly not everyone is bad. We need to stop grouping everyone into one group.
We all need to calm down. Gender equality is long over due but not to the extreme that we get more than men.
Why would you use this demeaning term to express your opinion about someone that you do not even know.  this was uncalled for.
I love Trump too!
Please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language that attacks someone based on their gender.
Talking down on someone and calling them names isn't going to get anyone to listen to your point of view.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult as well as attacking others for their race.
Name calling and using foul language leads to nothing but pointless arguments.
Please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language when speaking about others.
Calling people names and not using much reasoning will not get people to understand your point of view.
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs when commenting.
Calling names and using foul language does not solve the problem.
But it does make you worthy of basic respect.
It doesn't make you special but it does warrant some extra considerations.
You shouldn't call someone white trash by their looks.
Best to avoid racial slurs
Yeah but it's best not to make sweeping generalizations about people. They both might need some help is all.
This concept of "sjw" needs to die. There is no point to a gender/sex war either. We are all humans and should be working together.
Let's not condemn them so harshly for their behavior. They must be super drunk and are not in control.
Let's watch the language a little bit please.
Stop using gender based insults.
Responding in such a dramatic way to a comment is not going to help to leave a positive impression of your group.
Let's avoid this language. I understand your anger but this borders on misogynistic.
stop using gender based insults.
I can see that you've been upset by this crime but you don't need to treat women this way as a group.
This kind of language isn't acceptable anymore.
Stop using medical conditions as insults.
This is a really childish word to use under these circumstances and there was no cause for it.
This kind of language isn't appropriate anymore. Try to be more careful.
Stop using medical conditions as insults.
Please don't speak this way about a dead man or his constituents.
Stop using medical conditions and peoples' political choices as insults.
Thinking of your ideological opponents in this way is going to change your ability to think rationally.
Do not allow offensive words to be typed in the chatbox.
While she may be misappropriating the money you turning female genitalia into a slur is just silly.
Vilifying female genitalia and comparing corporate policy to the holocaust are intellectual cop outs to make your points.
To claim someone has an intellectual disability because you don't agree with their opinion is silly.
You could have expressed your opinion in an intelligent way but you decided not to.
Using ableist slurs doesn't help make your point.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not productive
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Don't use that type of hateful language to insult someone.
Using ableist slurs doesn't help further your point in any way.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care
Using ableist slurs doesn't help further any point you were trying to make.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding
Hard to take you seriously when you think it's okay to use offensive language like that.
Slang terms for female genitalia are not permitted.
It's never a sign of intelligence when someone uses an ableist slur.
Racist and offensive slang terms for people with disabliles are not permitted
Can't take you seriously with your use of misogynistic slurs.
Slang terms for female genitalia are not permitted
Using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Use of the term cunt is offensive and against reddit policy.
Using 'retards' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Use of the word retards is offensive to people with actual mental disabilities and against reddit policy.
Using 'faggots' is offensive and inappropriate because its a direct attack based on one's sexual orientation
Use of the term faggot is offensive and against reddit policy.
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Use of the term retarded is offensive and against reddit policy.
its inappropriate to use words such as fag and dyke as they directly attack people based on their sexual orientation
Fag and dyke are offensive and against reddit policy.
This type of language isn't acceptable.  If you don't have anything constructive to say
You using a person's race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings
This is an extremely derogatory term.  Even though it wasn't specifically directed at someone in particular
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Utilizing that term is extremely demeaning to gay people.  It is a hurtful word that shouldn't be used in this context.
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
racist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Don't use such words
Please eliminate the speech that is offensive to those with intellectual disabilities.
"Ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families
Please stop the offensive language toward women and use words that are more respectful.
Using "c---"  to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Please look at the words you use against women and communicate with more neutral speech.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
As a female I think that women who lie about rape should be arrested and put in jail for a min of 60 days.
There is a woman trying to express pain and you are making this an unsafe conversation for her.
You should look into the history of these movements it might help you to understand why people are reacting badly to it.
If Hillary took money from her I mean she didn't know the connection. No I am not a Hillary fan
These words are really out of place in this conversation and you should try to be more thoughtful.
This is the world we live in now. Everyone is offended by everything.
You should meet more disabled people and ask them how they feel about this word.
You should try to listen to people who are telling you that they are being hurt.
While I can appreciate the point of view and the sentiment
I agree that small crimes resulting in jail time do create a worse criminals. But the reform should be for everyone.
Although I know everyone is entitled to an opinion
Everyone has different personalities.  I find some people harder to 'read' in general men and women.
Well men and women can be moody but neither are those words.
It's not okay to insult anyone based on just their location or color.  I have lived in the north and south and both can be racist and mean.
Honestly I think every nationality has a tendency to not be socially diverse unless forced. I grew up in a mix community and it's great.
While I agree with the fact that there is embarrassment going on
Good she should be fired. Nobody should be making such false accusations against another person.
Don't insult women by associating us with him
This word is derogatory to women.  It might be a good idea to think about your response before posting it next time.
You using a person's gender as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
I don't like her either
This word is extremely offensive to the mentally challenged.  You might want to think about the effects that your words have before posting
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
That response is demeaning to women.  Next time respond withing using offensive language.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
The term retarded is highly offensive to the mentally challenged community
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Please think about your choice of words so that others aren't wounded with them.
You'd sway more people with that argument if you made it without using such offensive slurs.
It's obviously not as black and white as this. Also you're complaining about be labeled anti feminism but using that word. Interesting.
When you use that word it makes me discount your opinion.
Interesting that you consider yourself so smart but can't think of better ways to express your view
When you say that word it makes me it difficult for me to want to engage in conversation with you.
I hope you can resolve whatever issue is making you so angry at these other groups that you feel the need to only refer to them by slurs
When you use those words they completely invalidate your point.
It's funny how insecure women make you feel. I hope you can find the power to change one day
You'd have a stronger argument if you didn't use such an offensive word.
First step of intervention would be for ppl not to respond to the hater because the first step of ANY intervention is to arrest the behavior
Ask the person to please refrain from using profanity and name calling.
First step of intervention would be for ppl not to respond to the hater because the first step of ANY intervention is to arrest the behavior
Try to use more descriptive adjectives that are more sensitive to others.
Don't mention the n-word in full unless you're black
delete the whole entire thing and throw both users off the platform
Please refrain from swearing and also inappropriate sexual innuendos.
Please don't call people from Appalachia that word
delete the convo and throw both users off the platform
Please refrain from using stereotypes against particular individuals.
You missed the part where you're not supposed to call people slurs based on female genitalia.
suspend the second user.. well the user 1 actually
Please refrain from using sexist and vulgar language.
User 4: please do not accuse people of having intellectual disabilities as a way of insulting them
Just because someone has a learning disability doesn't make them less than you.
Fighting hate speech with hate speech is not going to solve anything.
Please do not insult people by saying they have mental disabilities.
Just because someone has a mental disability doesn't make them less than you.
Please do not claim people have mental disabilities as a way of disparaging them.
Just because someone has a learning disability doesn't mean that they are less than you.
Just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you.
can you not respond without being offensive
That term really bothers me.
Well you could have made your point without such strong language.
Arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around
you all are out of control. check yourselves
good arguments here but it gets lost in the hate
This is sort of hateful.
another seemingly good potential debate ruined by idiocy
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult.
You can get your point across without using the word retarded thank you.
Please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language and mental illnesses as insults.
When you resort to using stupid slurs you know your argument isn't as strong. Grow up.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult.
"retarded" is so outdated. use something else.
Using such foul language doesn't make a point anymore valid.
I really hope that she didn't commit sexual assault because then it just makes her entire argument false.
Slandering someone in such a way speaks volumes about the people doing it.
The world is going insane with all these gender choices. Just pick one and stick with it already.
The use of such foul language shows a lack of understanding for the topic.
I say it over and over but these topics don't belong in our comics. As a comic lover since a child it's not funny anymore.
The use of foul language make people think there is a lack of understanding of the topic being discussed.
The whole idea of the zombie is getting a little tired but they make a lot of money so it works for the industry.
When discussing a topic
Please eliminate the detestable language and use words that are more fair.
Not only should he sue her but she needs to be arrested. Women like her are why others are not believed when claiming rape.
Take out the negativity please and stick to the concerns.
I wish I could get paid Before actually working. That would be nice.
Please take out the rude remarks and say something productive.
The whole thing is crazy. We are all humans and need to stop this racism already it's 2019.
Pretty funny
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
A term used in this post has been deemed as offensive and unacceptable to use on this site.
A term used in this post has been deemed as offensive and unacceptable to use on this site.
Whoa dude. No need to use that kind of language. It would have been netter if you didn't respond at all.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
A term used in this post has been deemed as offensive and unacceptable to use on this site.
It's strange to see the words courtesy and cunt in the same sentence.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
It seems to me your main problem is with her viewpoint not her gender. There's no need to call her a cunt.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that. So depressing.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that kind of thought.
This term is highly offensive. I'm not sure why we can't insult each other without using it. You can get your dislike across in other ways.
Please be nice to each other.
What's really ugly is using terminology that offends an entire gender just to express your distaste.
There's no reason to use that language.
Your participation in this sub along with your choice to use slurs says so much about where you're at in life
We get it. You don't like her. There's no reason to use such an offensive term just to express that.
Just call them a woman.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
I wonder if he was arrested if she lied and said he hit her. Hopefully a video was taken.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
All women want is respect and to be paid equally simple.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Rick will probably win this case too.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Being a celebrity or known in a city isn't all that great. It attracts a lot of different types of unwanted company.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
As Americans we all really need to come together and stop seeing color. We all bleed red so we're all the same deep inside.
I don't think that you should spend your time disputing numbers backed by research.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
People are allowed to critique institutions that serve them even if they're not a part of them.
Wow angry at women for something so simple. Come on dude.
If you are really worried about injustice you shouldn't be using that word.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
It isn't supporting your argument to jump right to this kind of anger.
Yup because misogyny means you're right! /s
Interesting that that's all you could come up with to comment on the situation
Using female genitals as an insult is outdated and unacceptable.
That kind of language is an attack on her female identity.
You could make your point without disrespecting individuals with mental disabilities.
This is an attack on trans women implying that they cannot be beautiful.
Ironic that you guys are using slurs to call people stupid
Your point could have been made in a way that seemed intelligent instead.
While her behavior may be suspect your practice of using female genitalia as a derogatory term is also.
Using that kind of language toward a trans woman is an attack on her gender identity.
Female genitalia should be revered. They bring life into the world.
Despite her wrongful actions using that kind of language is attacking women.
I'd be more apt to agree with you if you didn't use that word.
The article is full of hate no need for you to add more.
While this woman's actions are horrible please refrain from using vulgar slang in describing individuals.
You're basically mocking half of America.
This story is terrible but the racist banter is totally pointless.
Please refrain from using vulgar racial slang on the forum. It violates the terms of service.
I get what you're trying to say but those words are harmful in any circumstance.
Hate speech isn't cool even if you hate men and women equally.
I'd be more apt to agree with your argument if you didn't use that word.
I dislike niche games too but the hateful slurs are unnecessary.
You seem to have a real problem with women's body parts.
I think that you can see that these are not equivalent if you're being honest with yourself.
I understand the point you're trying to make
Sexual orientation shouldn't be used in a derogatory manner.
I don't think that you should be spending so much energy defending your right to violence.
The use of "retard" is offensive and not useful to your argument.
I don't know why you would bring disabled people into your insults.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Stop gender bashing.
How original an insult... /s You're so afraid and basic.
Using that kind of language is unnecessary also that's lumping together entire huge groups of people
Stop making racist remarks!
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Stop using a term that is for a medical condition.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Using that kind of language is pointless bad people are bad people but not all women are now responsible for these
Stop using gender bashing words.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Using that language doesn't help support anyone's argument
Stop gender bashing.
The people in this conversation don't want to fight with you and you have a chance to part ways peacefully!
You should try to keep the language clean. Try using the "C word" instead.
You might try to tone down your language
If you want to have an honest ideological discussion about this
Dumb or stupid would better apply in your argument.
If you don't use words like retard people will listen to you more
Hey
Please try to use a more PC word.  Like dumb.
using words like retard doesn't improve your writing
Please refrain from using racial and homophobic slurs.
I think it's certain type of racist hateful or nasty words that it monitors.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as insults
The entire concept behind Diablo Immortal video game is negative so what is the issue now.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult.
If you want people to spend money it's not a good idea to insult the customers.
Please refrain from attacking women for their fashion choices and gender.
No parent ever encourages this behavior.  It is always sad when a daughter doesn't turn out the way you thought.
Please refrain from making personal attacks for others.
I love Judge Judy leave her alone!
Ret---ed" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult
Ret--ds" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult
Look for years movies and video games used humor like this. I don't get why now all of the sudden it's racist and wrong.
Please refrain from using offensive/derogatory terms
I mean hey she's just a girl!
Please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language when speaking to others.
No woman should have sex with a minor. I know the boys think it's cool but they don't understand the long term mental damage.
Please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language when referring to others.
Sounds like she got scared. I don't think she should of ever had a gun in the first place if she's gonna react that way.
That implies that people with mental disabilities are incapable of speaking/writing.  They still communicate in the same way.
Offensive language will not be tolerated.
I know you guys are joking but you guys are being quite insensitive
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
I understand this conversation is heated and tense but let's try to avoid that kind of language.
"Ret--ds " and "ret--ded" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Lot's of the language you use in your comment is very offensive. If you disagree with someone you should not point out their religion.
Watch the language please. This is toeing the line.
"Ret--ded" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Watch the language. This is a warning.
"Ret--d" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
She was probably just distracted the same way anyone could get.
Woah
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Gender bias exists but it's still wrong. That's why we use the word bias to mean there's something wrong with the logic of it.
Using gender as the butt of a joke is a low tier accomplishment that middle schoolers achieve regularly
There's no reason to call her a cunt. The thing you disagree with has nothing to do with her being a female.
To act like those who follow a religion all behave the same way is to admit to your narrow mindedness.
When you use words like "raghead" and "cuntmonkey" people are not going to take you seriously.
The hateful sexist language in your comment isn't helping your argument or contributing to the thread.  Please refrain in the future
sexist and racist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
There's no reason to use the C-word or call someone names here. You don't know the whole story.
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings
That's really offensive to call people names like that. Just let it go - there's no reason to say things like that.
Please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts.  It doesn't add to the conversation.
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings
Do you really have to use demeaning and offensive language to express your opinion on divorced women?
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
homophobic comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Watch your language.  That term is used to insult people with disabilities and has no place here.
Why are you using this term.  It is harmful and offensive and has no place being used to express opinions.
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
And then there are those who never learn from history
I understand the frustration but the name calling is a bit much.
"Ret---ed" and "ret---ation" as used is patently offensive; it should be avoided here.
This has nothing to do with mental disability or retardation but everything to do with corporate greed.
Both parties have their issues and the left are not the ones doing the name-calling in this instance.
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
It's good that you've clarified that you did not mean to attack ESL but you're still using ableist language.
1. inadequate words: dumbestfull retard
Name calling such as that does not efficiently describe the point that is trying to be made.
1. inadequate word:retarded
There are much better ways to explain someone's lack of intelligence than stooping to name calling.
Using language such as this make the point invalid in others eyes.
right winger"\n3. inadequate expressions: "right winger
dumb people"'
The language that was used caused a pointless argument with no actual evidence or opinions in sight.
1. inadequate words: "fucking clue
mouth breathers"'
Adding the foul language before the rest of the comment does not make it more impactful.
Guys
We all really need to do a better job of not stereotyping others and knowing the facts.
I think we all know there's a problem could we talk about it intelligently without durogatory terms?
Although deflecting accusations by using one's sexuality is not good
It's not really cool to paraphrase for others that person never said that
I think you might be exaggerating someone else's point of view it can't be that bad.
Although that word may seem like it's not that bad
I don't really see the point of using the R word makes your argument invalid.
I don't think that name calling is necessary here.
Calling people that is quite extreme considering it's just a tweet. No need to be so aggressive to others.
No point in continually using the R word never gets your point across very well just a heads up
I think there is a better word you could use rather than to call someone retarded even medical professionals don't use that term anymore.
Please don't use the r-word in your posts. Intellectual disabilities are not rare and that word is offensive.
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Perhaps they're writing in a style that suits them .
Your language displays a lack of character and suitable vocabulary.
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Calling someone the c-word is offensive because it derogates woman and so this is not acceptable language.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Please do not use mental disabilities as an insult towards others.
Typically people who feel the need to call women thots and cunts are the ones who aren't getting laid
The use of the c-word is highly offensive not just insulting a person here but also derogatory of all woman.
Gratuitously calling someone with the c-word is hurtful and offensive to all woman and completely unacceptable.
Please don't insult others by claiming they have mental disabilities.
"Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
"D-ke" as used here is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Slurs as these are denigrating people with homosexual orientations and are not acceptable in our conversation.
I know 100% there are soulless people out here I don't care what she says.
"Reta--ed" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided here
The r-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive denigration of people with disabilities
"Ret--ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
The "N word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
The use of the n-word is unacceptable in our discourse as everyone including bots knows.
Perhaps you should do some  thinking and learn to recognize that making generalizations about gender are unfair.
"Cu-t" si a tern of hate and should not be used in intelligent political debate.
"Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Wow sounds like you need to find a better outlet for your anger issues.
The term "fa--ot" when used pejoratively is offensive to many people and so should not be used in a political commentary.
Your choice of words is small and violates hate speech.
Ouch I'm gonna go cry now someone on the internet insulted me!
What a hateful unpleasant person you are.
Poor choices aren't exclusive to a single race.
That's a particularly uneducated comment.
One's personal life does not necessarily reflect their professional life. In reality
That escalated quickly. Relax no need to attack anyone personally.
Wow real mature to still be using that term.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
intelligence is not something that is determined by gender and it seems as though there was a clarifying question not a missunderstanding
I am still waiting to see the proof of this. Growing up our teachers said the opposite to us.
Using the word retard to describe this situation is inappropriate.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Your comeback is ineffective because all it does is show your hatefulness.
Calling the user a retard doesn't help your argument only shows your hatred.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Using the word "retarded" only shows your hatred.
Other words that do not promote a culture of hate would be better suited to make your point and support your argument.
These types of words are considered hateful and should not be used to make arguments seeing as it can be seen as very offensive.
This is a hateful term and is inappropriate to use.
We should try to avoid demeaning  words.
Using offensive language doesn't make anyone seem intelligent.
Please refrain from using such derogatory terms in your argument.
Hateful people exist in all races not just specific ones we have bad experiences with.
"B--ch" and "Fa--ot" are terms of hate and do not belong in this forum.
I still wondering how win the world she did all this without him getting away.
"Tw-t" as used here offends many and should be avoided.
My European ancestors sure did have a way of dressing.
Both use of "the r word" and hate speech about women cause offence and should be avoided in this forum.
Dating can be really fun. Even the bad dates. It makes good stories with your friends for years to come.
Affixing the "c---" term to your remarks is offensive adds nothing of substance and should be avoided.
I love walking simulators!
Affixing the "c---" term to your remarks is offensive adds nothing of substance and should be avoided.
Nothing is going to happen. We get these reports every year on both sides.
Cu--ts" used to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Stop bashing females because of their gender.
Fa--ots" is potentially a term of hate and is best avoided here.
Stop bashing others for their gender or sexuality.
Dude the reason you've had horrible interactions with women is that you're not self-aware enough to realize you're the problem.
Stop gender bashing and being ugly to women.
I would love to see what you look like without all those Reddit muscles.
Stop gender bashing!
Stop bashing sexuality and political values.
Your fierce disdain for the LGBT community makes me question how secure you are sexually...
Your post does not need to use sexist language for you to express your disapproval of the situation.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and must be avoided here.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Please don't perpetuate sexist stereotypes of women.
This use of the "c---" term to refer to women is gratuitous and offensive; it should be avoided.
Well I am glad the reservation is now complete. The Lord does appreciate a sense of humor but I'm not sure he's laughing much today.
Other words equally harsh and less offensive can be used to describe said people.
I don't even know or want to know what a pre divorce ceremony is. The actual divorce party is enough for me!
n/a
Cops shouldn't get a bonus for not assaulting people. It's their job to be professional and the bigger
n/a
Homophobic or ableist remarks are not accepted on this site. Further such hate speech will lead to an IP ban.
Use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Use of that slur is offensive as it demeans woman.
We all know what that ableist language means. Pretending you don't understand won't prevent you from being banned if you continue using it.
You sure do make their case for them if you can't defend gaming without resorting to transphobia and sexism. Contine to do so and be banned.
Use of the c-word is not acceptable--it is offensive hurtful and derogatory towards all women.
The 'r' word isn't a word that should be used to better your argument.
Language like that is offense to large groups of people. Calling names is not funny in anyway. It demotes entire races.
I really hope you know the history that goes into both of those words. Both derogatory and both shouldn't be used to get a laugh.
Lnaguage to dehumanize woment is low and not appropriate. It is harmful to everyone. We need women to be brought up as they are equal.
While I agree with your statement I don't agree with your use of the 'c' word.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
racism does nothing but hurt the whole reason for the kneeling protest.  your behavior just proves their point more
Some people aren't worth engaging with; just downvote and move on.
Various insults are all denigrating people and are not acceptable in decent conversation.
We all want equality for everybody and it should start with the way we talk to people. Respect begets respect.
Addiction is a serious mental illness that should be addressed better; insulting addicts doesn't help.
Use of the rcword to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
Calling names is calling names which is not respectful.
You're going to need to do more convincing than calling people names if they use Facebook.
Use of the r-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with a disability.
Use of the slur to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of homosexuality.
I agree but the name calling doesn't seem necessary. Could we verify this?
This conversation is ridiculous and you all need to stop. This is largely anti-women speech and unacceptable.
Watch the language. This is uncalled for.
Everyone is entitled to comment on any sub they wish. If you're quiet and listen you may learn something.
Using words that demean a person's gender identity do not cause productive conversation.
i would delete the whole conversation   its violent and is against women
id delete the whole post and id kick off user 9 for a week but id entirely kick user 10 off the platform
id delete the both comments and penalize both user 1 and user 2
B--ch" c--t "ret--d" "ret---ed" are offensive terms and need to avoided here.
Sad that you think a comment consisting of nothing but offensive language actually adds to the discussion.
This whole conversation is stupid but you are out of line. Watch the language.
Using offensive language doesn't make you seem very intelligent.
Watch the language. This is inappropriate.
Sad that you think using ableist slurs is actually adding to the discussion.
Watch the language. This is not acceptable.
Offensive language makes it impossible to respect your opinion.
This isn't appropriate. Watch the language.
It's very hard for me to want to listen to your point of view when you use that word.
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
You'd get your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use that word.
Stop body shaming and using a medical condition as an insult.
Stop using gender based insults.
It's very hard for me to want to listen to your point of view when you use that word.
Stop using racist and politically motivated choices as insults.
That word is a derogatory term and should not b used when expressing your opinions in the public realm.
Using the term "c--t(s)" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Get that language out of here.  Society has progressed beyond the point of accepting the use of derogatory and offensive statements
"Fa--ot" as used here causes offense to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary
Why do you have to be so offensive when talking about someone.  You could have said nothing at all.
Using the term "c--t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Unless you're from Australia that word has a highly offensive social context. Do not use it.
You using a person's gender as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
Using derogatory language is no way to get any point across.
Using derogatory language like that makes it hard to respect any opinion you might have.
Using misogynistic language isn't any way to get anyone to respect your opinion.
I wish your parents had taught you not to use slurs.
Thank you for your mature and level headed input.
I'd say the one being offensive here is you since you're calling people slurs.
These terms do nothing to inflate your argument.
Let's not call women slurs here. We're supposed to be better people than that.
These replies are disgusting and incredibly sexist.
Slang terms for females are not permitted
Using offensive language makes it hard for anyone to take your opinion seriously.
Slang terms for females are not permitted
Hard to take you seriously with all the offensive language.
Slang term for people with disabilies is not permitted
Using ableist slurs doesn't really seem like it really adds anything to the discussion.
Slang terms for people with disabilities is not permitted
Can't take you seriously with all the offensive language.
I can't tell you what you can or cannot say
Offensive language based on disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Offensive language based on disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Clearly you don't understand Moroccans. Using goat-f*** is truly such profanity and hate. Using the R word is totally undignified
Don't get me wrong I understand your argument but using the derogatory terms about the mentally challenged isn't right either.
Offensive language based on race and disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
You using a person's gender as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
Hard to take you seriously when you use offensive slurs.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Using ableist slurs isn't really a good way to get your point across.
Using gender as the butt of a joke is a low tier accomplishment that middle schoolers achieve regularly
Can't take you seriously when you use offensive language to try and get your point through.
There is no need for you to use words like that
There are other words you can use besides such a vulgar word.
To use the C word to describe elected officials is not acceptable. Any more speech of this type will get you removed.
You are a special kind of vile human being for speaking that way
There are nicer words to use; be conscious of other's feelings.
The use of the C word to describe individuals in realtionships or out of them is unnacceptable and will not be tolerated at all.
Please refrain from using those words to describe someone.
The way you are describing individuals is completely unacceptable and offensive and will not be tolerated here.
There are other words you can use to describe someone other than that.
The means in which you are describing individuals is unacceptable and demeaning and will not be tolerated.
Even if Murkowski does not see your comment it is rather offensive to call someone that name
Re--rd" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
That kind of comment is inappropriate and will not be tolerated immediately deleted if it continues
Wow didnt mother teach you if you dont have something constructive to add to remain silent?
Re--rd" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
The use of that word is unacceptable no matter how it was meant and will be deleted
She might be wrong but no man should ever put his hands on a lady.
n/a
As a woman I just cannot truly understand the extreme some feminists will go. I love men and everyone love each other!
n/a
Removing the feather is really unnecessary. It is like we are trying to remove all culture from gaming. I hate it.
n/a
Hate speech has no place in this conversation
This r-word even if not intended to be offensive is hurtful - because it is associated with people who have disabilities.
Use of the c-word is derogatory and hurtful to all women and not acceptable in our conversations.
Not all females are the same or deserve to be lumped together with hate speech... shitty people are shitty people but don't play their games
Instead of using derogatory or outdated remarks
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Our own personal experience with this matter is not relevant. One experience is not the same as someone else's.
Using the words 'white trash' is offensive as its a direct attack to a person based on their race
Its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
The vocabulary from users needs to refrain from the use of  words you would not want to hear your 5 year old say.
No political bashing of any kind is tolerated
Using the word 'retards'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Mods aren't of any level.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
This answer degrades women.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
This speech attacks women for their gender.
n/a
Stop using sexual choice as an insult.
"Ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families
Please illustrate the points of your argument without insulting vulnerable groups.
"Ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
It is not constructive to use a term meant to describe one group now a pejorative to insult another. It harms groups and stops discussion.
This use of the "c---" term to refer to women is gratuitous and offensive; it should be avoided.
I wouldn't use that word as an insult.  It's demeaning towards women.
Please refrain from referring to others with derogatory language as there are better ways to get your point across
There are different ways to get your point across without attacking someones character
There's no reason to escalate to name calling over someone liking a video game.
This term is demeaning towards the mentally handicapped.  It's not necessary to use this kind of language in your response.
Rise above the hate by using non-hate filled language #stayabove
You're literally the example they're talking about acting as if violence is only done by Arabs.
Consider using different language in the future that does not undermine your points with hatred
Please don't show such enmity with your words.
Calling each other names does not add any credibility to either side of this debate.
Please express your concerns in a way that is less insulting to others and more objective.
Name calling does not add any strength to your argument.
Please convey your feelings in a way that is kinder and less demeaning.
While one may not agree with another point of view calling someone names does not add any validity to your stance on the subject.
Please try to foster a positive environment with your comments and not hatred.
An incredibly sexist remark. Needless to say perhaps you should look into Marie Curie Rosalind Franklin Barbara McClintock and others.
It is one thing to have preferences. It is another to shame others for their looks or opinions. This is very offensive and unnecessary.
Don't use derogatory terms like this.  this is demeaning and offensive to people with real mental conditions.
There is a lot going on here. It goes without saying one's profession does not define who they are. And please brush up on your history.
Social media can actually be a useful tool when used appropriately and leveraged for the right reasons.
I know you probably don't realize that using the word retarded is hurtful to people that have children or family with this.
Was this language really necessary.  You could have said anything else but instead you pick a harmful and offensive term.
I think there are better ways to express how you're feeling that to describe it that way. Can we rephrase that?
You're projecting your fear all over.
I still say that men aren't supposed to leave any women alone being assaulted. It is just not moral.
Yes
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Agreed comic books and their movies are just not the same.
I would love to see your moms' reaction to that sentiment.
I don't think we need another remake of Charlies Angels this will be the third one I believe.
You're easily offended.
Anyone who has sex I think is considered a 'sexual'.
I wonder if you'll ever find love and acceptance from women given how you treat them. Women are more than their parts.
Would you like if someone used that language about your daughter/mother/sister? No.
Using that word to say that someone is not smart is offensive.It is a medical condition you are born with and shouldn't be used as an insult
If you're  on the left
Using medical diseases as insults is not acceptable. And you're off topic completely.
Why are people always using a medical condition someone is born with as a verb to call someone/something stupid?!
We do not fear hate speech we detest it. You are alienating yourself from the rest of humanity and you will be left behind by the future.
Using a derogatory term is not going to help get your point across any better in fact it will do the complete opposite.
I still don't get where the woman issues come into play regarding a bow and arrow.
Ableist comments have no place in any logical conversation.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
JourneyQuest producers shouldn't of pulled this just because of a Tweet that they've got no control over.
You might have had a good point but you ruined it with the ableist slur.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Ableist slurs have no place in any sort of conversation.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Just because someone has a disability doesn't mean that they are less than you.
I hope you don't kiss your momma with that mouth
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Making fun of people because of their sex or disability isn't going to solve anything.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Just because someone has a different opinion than you does not mean they're dumb.
The use of foul language doesn't make the point any more valid.
All of the foul language and name calling shows a lack of understanding the topic.
Not all women are this way. I just want to be loved and protected.
The foul language and accusations of others has absolutely nothing to do with the topic being discussed.
She was wrong bottom line. We all have bad days and cannot go around lying about rape.
Calling someone such a foul name speaks volumes about that persons characteristics.
I would never get a breast reduction even if they hurt. That is one thing that makes me feel like a woman.
The name calling shows a lack of vocabulary.
Russia has been getting involved with US politics more in the last two years than ever. Unless the news is making it up.
Complaining about stupidity
Dumb or Stupid would work here.
I don't know what happened to you to feel the need to demonize women
That is a disgusting thing to say when so many have actually suffered from that crime.
Let's replace the non PC word with dumb or stupid or even not smart!
It takes a large sense of entitlement to just slur a person based on their gender and think you're oh so clever
That's a highly offensive word that you shouldn't use bro
Please find a different word to describe women you do not like.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Yes this is a stupid conversation. Let's avoid this kind of language though.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this. Also you're projecting.
This is uncalled for. You need to reexamine your language.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that word usage.
Please avoid this type of language here. This is uncalled for.
Muslim countries and the United States are not the only countries which things like this are illegal.
Maybe try re-reading your messages before posting ... then you'd realize your own ignorance.
Doing some research of the "LGBT community" and maybe meeting with LGBT people would probably help you in that aspect.
Oh yeah that's extremely mature ... advocating violence. You're a real tough guy.
Man you guys are gonna get yourselves kicked out of here for talking like that.
The terms "f---ot" "reta--d" and the "n-word" are bigoted and do not have a place in intelligent commentary.
Using the term "c--t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
"Ret--ded" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
While expressing your views refrain from insulting others who do not agree with your views. It is not tolerated on this site.
Using the offensive misogynistic language completely undermines any point you had.
While your views are appreciated hate speech is not tolerated in this forum. Refrain from name calling immediately.
Using ableist slurs doesn't make anyone seem worth listening to.
Where we value your feedback and thoughts we do NOT tolerate or allow any form of hate speech towards any population.
Using insults or hate speech isn't allowed via this forum and continuing to insult other populations will result in you being banned.
Offensive language adds nothing to the discussion and makes anyone who uses it seems unintelligent.
Please do not let you personal anger spread to others.  this term is demeaning and derogatory to a substantial portion of the population.
Please refrain from referring to others with derogatory language as there are better ways to get your point across
While on the subject of seeing people as people.  why do you insist on using derogatory terms to describe people?
There are different ways to get your point across without attacking someones character
You need to rethink your use of certain words.  Our society has progressed to the point where these sort of terms have no place here.
Consider using different language in the future that does not undermind your points with hatred
Harmful and offensive language is completely uncalled for.  Your points could have been made without ever having to utter slurs
Everyone is entitled to an opini but please don't display one that attacks another' character there are different ways to get your point ac
Was that term really necessary.  You could have said stupid dumb uncalled for or basically any other thing that is not a slur.
Consider using different language in the future that does not undermine your points with hatred
Refrain from using the word "retarded".  Many users find it offensive
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Warning or Ban.  Harassment will not be tolerated on this site.
Using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Let's try to refrain from using hateful ableist language in this subreddit.  It adds nothing to your argument or the conversation
Refrain from using the word "retarded." Many users find it offensive.
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Avoid using the term "retards." it is offensive to many users.
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your comments.  It's not helping your argument or adding anything to the sub
Warning. "Cunt is viewed as an offensive term."
Using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
That label is hurtful to many. Please rephrase your question.
I will not proclaim to know your relationship with your son's mother
Judging by the way you choose to see the world it seems she doesn\'t have to try hard to destroy your "reputation".
This is standard procedure by police when an altercation is reported nobody is being targeted unfairly here!
n/a
I can see that you're trying to defend someone's rights but the same principle applies to you about your insulting choice of words.
I can see that you're trying to interpret doctrine but there is no need to introduce such vivid threats.
n/a
You need to take more responsibility for your lack of self control.
n/a
Don't use the r-word when speaking about people. Several people have been affecting by intellectual disabilities and that's very offensive.
The use of foul language doesn't make your point any more valid.
Don't use the r-word while replying to people. Nearly everyone is affected in some way by intellectual disabilities and it's offensive.
Using this slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Using the slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates homosexuals.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Women aren't entitled to explain their presence in the world to you.
This comment attacks a woman for her gender
It might help you be happier not to assume that all women are out to get you.
This speech attacks women
It isn't kind to use people's sexuality as an insult even if you are trying to help.
This speech attacks LGBT people.
You don't know who that woman is or why she reacted that way
This attacks women with offensive language
Someone being wrong does not equal them being unintelligent. Someone saying something you don't like does not equal them being unintelligent
Use of the r-word is not acceptable because it demeans people with mental disability.
"Ret--ded" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Use of the c-word is not acceptable because it demeans women.
Using the "c---" here is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Use of the r-word is not acceptable because it demeans people with mental disability.
"Re---d" as used here offends many and should be avoided.
Use of the slurs here is not acceptable because it demeans women.
"C--t" "b--ch" as well as "pu--y" and its variants are are sexist terms of hate and so forbidden in this forum.
Use other words like stupid or dumb.
"Fa--ot" as used here offends many and does not belong in intelligent commentary.
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
"Re---ds" as used here offends many and should be avoided.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Using gender as the butt of a joke is a low tier accomplishment that middle schoolers achieve regularly
"Ret--ded" is not appropriate term for the mentally disabled.
Use of the slurs is not acceptable because it demeans gays.
Using the word retard as an insult is hateful and cannot be used here.
That isn't always true. As a female we cannot say or do a lot of things.
Use of the c-word is not acceptable because it demeans women.
Using the word cunt to describe a woman negatively is hateful and must stop.
I am glad the judge even sees when things don't look right or line up. All these witch hunts really need to stop.
Use of the c-word is not acceptable because it demeans women.
Use of the slurs is not acceptable because it demeans hurts and offends others.
These racially generalized statements are hateful to all groups they target do not insult general racial populations.
As a female I too don't understand the feminism extreme ways sometimes.
Use of the c-word is not acceptable because it demeans women.
Using a hate word doesn't make you a bigger or better person. It does the complete opposite.
Hey there! Do not use that type of hateful language referring to sexual orientation.
I believe this language is offensive and intended to incite anger amongst others.  I think censoring this user is the proper thing to do!
There is no reason for you to respond in a vulgar manner regarding disability and sexual genitalia
I understand the frustration and the angst but I do not believe this language is appropriate.
Glad you're woke to the meaning behind that gross word and up to date on all of the problems women face in India. Congratulations.
Hey there please do not use that type of sexual language when responding.
I know this woman's behavior was terrible but I believe calling her vulgar things is not necessary.
I understand that everyone is entitled to their opinion however I do not find your language appropriate!
Most women don't drive free cars. That doesn't even make sense. And your language describing the woman is just absurd.
Hey you can post on here without using vulgar sexual terms.
Yes the woman may have been high or crazy but I don't think calling her names and assuming the worst is a wise thing to do!
The labels don't really help the conversation
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
this guy's either a cop...or having baby Mama issues
let's keep it objective...Book Of Wisdom refers to God's potency as a female
Honestly without women there wouldn't be any men. We all need each other so let's just love and hug.
I guess I'm going to have to tell my kids they cannot call a tee-shirt ugly but only that they dislike it.
That's incorrect because racism involves being prejudiced against a minority or oppressed population and your hate speech is not tolerated
Tell me your opinion please with less revolting words and more objectivity.
The use of that word is not necessary and it will not be tolerated because it is hate speech toward women.
Express yourself in a manner that is more agreeable and less harmful to others.
That language is hate speech toward women and will not be tolerated here.  Be more intelligent and use appropriate words.
You can say whatever you want
Please lay off the horrible language and use communications that are going to inspire.
That really is not necessary to use hate speech in your comment and the hate speech (toward women) will not be tolerated
I observe that you have some concerns but please don't debase the innocent with your hurtful words.
This whole conversation is offensive but in particular you used hate speech against people with disabilities and will not be tolerated here
Hey guys let's be kinder to the intellectually disabled.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Both the chinese and the developmentally delayed don't deserve those slurs.
You can't define people by their race as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
Hey let's treat black people with more respect.
To act like those of a race all behave the same way is to admit to your narrow mindedness.
Unfortunately if you use slurs you will get judged. Like you. Stop using slurs.
Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Do nothing since it's harmless
Do nothing
That's a lot of accusations in one statement.  You might need to fact check some of your statements.
C--t(s)" and "fa--ot" are gratuitously offensive terms and must be avoided in legitimate political discourse.
tell user 3 to stop being so libtarded
Let's keep the convo civil. Dumb or stupid would suffice.
And language like that just adds fuel to their fire...
I'd prefer that you not use the r-word on this thread.
Don't give them more bait.
Thanks User 2 for reminding us not to use the r-word here.
Pretty ableist when you put it like that
Hey let's keep this space open for neuroatypical users. Thanks.
You don't have to like alimony but you do have to refrain from using the r-word on this thread.
Please refrain from referring to others with derogatory language as there are better ways to get your point across
Have you ever thought about how all those other taxpayers feel about your "bad" vote?
Lets refrain from attacking someones character to get a point across. There are real people that find words offensive.
Everyone is entitled to an opini but please don't display one that attacks another' character there are different ways to get your point ac
You know
Consider using different language in the future that does not undermine your points with hatred
manthere were a million other adjectives you could have used that would have said the same thing.
"you probably shouldn\'t call her that when you don\'t actually know her"
C'mon guys. i cant even follow what could be informative here because of all the muck.  i cant even hand around to listen.
"Maybe travel there or somewhere else in the world to see what people are like but otherwise you can\'t judge based on where they\'re from. "
The title here actually rails against a defeatist attitude AND ask about positivity. maybe we can get back on track.
"You should do more research on Canada as a country and on the rates of migration before being able to form a solid opinion. "
hey man i think that "r" word slipped on you on accident. All your other language points are so well made.
"Don\'t resort to calling people names just because you want to explain how their job works a little better.:
While her behavior is terrible all women do not deserve to be insulted on account of their vagina.
Ret--d" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
I'm sure this woman is perfectly intelligent although if not there's nothing wrong with being intellectually disabled.
Using the word retard to call someone stupid is hateful and offensive so don't do it
In my opinion using slurs is a crime against all people. In this case specifically women. Please stop.
Using cunt to refer to a woman is hateful and disrespectful
It's hard to take you seriously when you use that word.
Hey dude! No need to use such offensive language! Could you make this more friendly so I can participate without feeling like a bad person?
Please stop using slurs for peoples' sexual choices.
It's hard to want to listen to your perspective when you use those words.
Please stop insulting others due to their sexual choices race or gender.
When you use that word it invalidates the point you're trying to make.
You could say 'I was only pretending to be silly' or 'ignorant' instead.
Please don't use medical conditions as an insult.
Let's keep it G rated.
that word is unnecessary.  You can express your opinion without using a derogatory term for people with disabilities.
Please try to avoid using words like retarded as some viewers may be offended by that improper use of that word.
Please do not use that word.  It is derogatory and incredibly offensive to people with disabilities and has no place in daily conversation
Please use G rated words there are other viewers that may be offended by your words.
Please refrain from using offensive language as this forum is not intended to accommodate offensive material.
The offensive and derogatory language is unnecessary.  Your opinion can be expressed without using that word.
Please refrain from using such offensive strong language thank you.
Pleae do not use that derogatory and offensive term to express your opinion.  It is unnecessary.
When arguing your point using hate speech and excessive cursing undermines the validity of what you are saying.
Using the term 'faggots' to describe a certain political ideology is bigoted and wrong.
The belittlement of women gaining equality in rights is uncalled for. Please take a moment and respect those that are not the same as you.
Using the term "dumb cunts" is bigoted toward women please stop using this term.
Using the term "repulsive cunt" is bigoted toward women please stop using this term.
Looking down on others for having different views is narrow minded. Take a moment and respect your peers please.
Saying "commie retarded faggots" is hurtful and bigoted language and I hope that you can please stop.
Hate speech regardless of how it is used does not help improve the validity of anyone's argument.
Using that kind of language toward African-Americans is bigoted and disgusting. Do not generalize people.
To define people by their race shows your narrow mindedness as people act out of their perceived norms all the time
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
While we respect everyone's opinions
Stop using a gender based insults.
The term retard is offensive. Please refrain form further use of it.
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
Speaking of red pills... did you know that 6 of the 7 dwarves required a red pill in order to perform?
The slur used here is offensive because it comes from or is associated with a place of hate toward homosexuality and so is not okay!
Use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
The use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is hateful and hurtful toward all women.
I'd be more apt to agree with your point if you didn't use that word.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
You'd get your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use that word.
There's no reason to offend all women just to make express your displeasure.
You seem so obsessed with women.
There's no reason here to use such a derogatory term for homosexuals. We get it. You're angry. Control your communication more.
It's no wonder women don't flock in your direction.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Sit and think before you post and comment. This will help avoid taking and giving offense and get rid of the use of hate speech.
Your post is lacking in information. Instead of name calling try explaining your thoughts and feelings on the issue. Be open to new ideas.
Please use words that can express your views without damaging others' reputations.
Most of this is using a bad word where a kinder one would work. Instead of using anecdotal evidence try looking into the topic more.
A different word would equally and more kindly say the same thing. Try to calm yourself down before posting.
If it is actually "a thing" then use the proper grammar of capitalization as well as posting a source otherwise it seems you are lying.
I'm trying to figure out how that makes you better.
using the words 'faggot fuckers' is offensive and homophobic. Refrain from using such words.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Using the word 'retards'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
words like cuntwhore and bitch are inappropriate as they directly attack people based on their gender
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Using the word 'cunt'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
The 'r' word isn't a word that should be used in this context. It's derogatory.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or shows care.
Even using that word to say "do not say it\' is not right.
This comment is extremely offensive. You should not have used the 'n' word
Using a derogatory word to describe someone is not productive in conversion and does not show care.
The 'd' word should not be used lightly
Using those kind of words do not contribute to a useful conversation.
There was no reason for you to use the 'r' word
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive to a meaningful conversation.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
While you may feel strongly this way there is nothing added by using foul language. Your post without the language is simpler and good.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
You can feel this way and even express it without having to use a harsh word. It does not help express your point. You look like the bad guy
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Saying mean things does not make you right nor does it forward the conversation. You can make your point without it.
You do not have to quote the person directly. You can say something to take the place of the word instead like "n-word" which is often used
Retarded is an offensive word that doesn't need to be used to describe people you disagree with.
derogatory comments are not welcome. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
These words do not add to the post nor do they help you make your point. Try and be kinder to others and yourself.
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive
Hey i know the user didn't agree with your opinion and wasn't particularly nice but I think you should have taken the high road.
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive
I don't think thats appropriate and you are just being a troll
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disability.
Please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive
Look
Please don't use sexist and ableist insults in your posts.  It's not helping your arguments and it does nothing to enhance the conversation.
Whether a mask looks bad or not is subjective. The use of slurs
Please don't use ableist insults in your comments.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or the conversation of the sub.
"Retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
Please avoid using ableist insults in your comments.  It isn't doing anything to help your argument or add to the conversation of the sub.
I'd be more apt to agree with your point if you didn't use that word.
It was a joke but we don't need to repeat any derogatory remarks about people right?
Do not be so rude. Try using adult language.
This is an interesting perspective but it's hard to digest when you use  words like those.
Instead of using those terrible terms we can say something like she just steps out of line that explains fine without the derogatory marks
Trivial language makes you look like you are intellectually challenged. Try to clean it up.
I think instead of judging the woman for their choices we should just support them.
Try not to be rude when describing women.
This is an interesting perspective but it's hard to digest when you use a word like that.
You may have had a bad experience with the police but generally they are out in the community to help not to harm us.
Other words that might be used in this instance are dumb or stupid.
You'd get your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use that word.
I think the world has just become so sensitive but we don't need to be using certain terms or blaming certain genders for things.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
I think that we all can agree with our feelings towards this group. It's easy to get heated when talking about something so sensitive.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
No need to use that sort of terminology! I get it can be annoying to see posts like this but lets cool it with this kind of language.
If you guys weren't bonafide women-repellants you would have an accurate idea of what modern women actually look like.
You attract the kind of people who you are most like.
I understand your point
Okay first of all stop implying the existence of intellectually disabled people is an insult.
Mental considerations aside they simply feel strongly about the depiction of a personification of a computer program.
It is a muddy and messy subject. If you feel strongly about it you should lobby to have it changed.
Hey guys comparing people to monkeys is dehumanizing. Please try to be kinder to each other.
This is a big bag of worms. Etiquette is determined very heavily by the local culture but we should probably avoid derogatory language.
Offensive language based on  disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Slow down on the C word
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
To act like those who follow a religion all behave the same way is to admit to your narrow mindedness.
People like using the R word so much that they don't even realize there are better words to use.
Defining someone as mentally ill without actually knowing them is one of the easiest ways to look stupid.
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across.
stop gender bashing.
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across.
Don't pick on gender or political choices.
Don't bash people for their religious choices.
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across.
Don't gender bash!
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Stop with the gender bashing.
Let's try to keep the bad language to a minimum. Stupid would be a good word to use here.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/orsexual orientation in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Stop bashing people for their political views and medical conditions.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Stop bashing peoples' religion and medical conditions.
Let's try to use African American instead.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and/or race in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Stop bashing people for their sexuality and nationality.
I am so confused. If you didn't play than never started.
Please don\'t use the term "retarded."  Many users find it offensive.
Yes all Americans should make the same amount of money based on performance and education.
All that is needed to say is that when someone falsely accuses another of anything it's because something is hiding in their own closest.
Re--rd" may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it demeans people with mental disabilities and is hurtful and offensive.
Ret--ded" and "jew girl" both show insensitivity and a lack of respect they are beneath the level of discourse required here.
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it demeans people with mental disabilities and is hurtful and offensive.
Morality good or bad is not categorized by gender.
Use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it demeans women and is hurtful and offensive.
We shouldn't downplay victims just because they come from privileged backgrounds.
I'm not sure if your mother would share the same view.
Your post contains sexist language it would be better for you to express your views without such language.
People's sexuality aren't things we should trivalize.
I dont think you can compare Mods to pedophiles.
Please don't use language that insults people based on their sexual orientation.
I think maybe you should write to them and explain them your point of view about the situation. Maybe someone in charge will figure it out.
hey guys I think we should all consider that people have different kinds of intelligence. Let's not be so bold about this.
No one deserves to die and no one has the right to choose who lives or dies.
In this kind of situation it can be confusing for people and behaviors become unstable. In her head it was the good thing to do.
Let's not get so bold about this please. Respect each other.
Men are not so good to express themselves the western world because they must stay ''strong''. Let's leave women aside on this issue.
It sounds like you have a right to be frustrated but violence does not cure violence.
Sad you think it's funny to use offensive slurs.
Omit profanity when describing people.  Use socially appropriate pronouns
It's hard to take you seriously when you use ableist slurs like that.
Avoid using the term [retarded]. It is considered hate speech towards the develomentally disabled
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
It's a dumb rule but you dont need to call it that.
Using the word 'cunt' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Perhaps referring to someone as genitalia  doesn't really serve to get your point across.
Just because you dont share the same views as them doesnt mean yuo get to attack them and make yourself feel superior.
Using the word 'retardation'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Perhaps you should consider that attributing diseases to a website is illogical.
Using derogatory language isn't making it easy to respect whatever opinion you have.
Leave the last word out and you have a point.
Using misogynistic slurs as an argument doesn't really prove a point.
Gentlemen please this back and forth has completely gone off topic.
Using racial slurs in an attempt at humor is never funny.
Your comment doesn't really apply to the topic.
Using offensive language like that is no way to get anyone to respect your opinion.
We are all used in some way but that certainly doesn't make someone worthless.
Using offensive slurs in an attempt at humor isn't as funny as you think it is.
Something mentality wrong is at play here so maybe its not smart to make fun of this person.
There is nothing constructive being discussed here at all.
You'd be a lot more persuasive if you didn't use that word.
There is nothing productive being discussed only taunts and insults.
I understand that you have a perspective to defend but using that word does not help your argument.
There is nothing productive being discussed only taunts and insults.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your character.
This is not necessary.
Your point of view becomes invalid when you use that word.
There is nothing productive being discussed when taunts and insults overshadow the rest.
It's very hard for me to want to listen to your point of view when you use that word.
Retarded" is a word that is no longer socially acceptable due to being disparaging to the otherwise capable. Moronic and idiotic however
Please refrain from using the word "retarded." Some users find it offensive.
There is no need use labels so senselessly.
Refrain from using the word "retard." some users find it offensive.  Don\'t use the term "faggot" it is considered hate speech. Warning.
Your argument becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks are used.
Refrain from using the word "retarded." Some users find it offensive.
Your argument becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are used.
Your argument becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are used.
Please Do not use offensive language
Please let's keep a proper language thank you
Please refrain from using offensive/derogatory terms when referring to others.
Please don't use that type of offensive terms
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult
The labels and insults don't move any conversation along... or the weak humor for that matter
I was abused badly by my ex-husband and I struggled to get out. Never did the thought of killing my 3 kids came to mind!
Outdated hurtful labels don't help any discussion along
The vague racist overtones of african americans stealing bikes wasn't  so vague.
Broad generalizations don't help any discussion along...or hurtful humor for that matter
That is true. People only see what you allow them to see. Just like online profiles. Nobody knows I'm married unless I put in the profile.
Hurtful labels and generalizations don't help the conversation along
If Mueller has the evidence than he can have them arrested. We all just have to be patient and wait this one out.
The hurtful label hurts lots of good people remember...and isn't worth a weak sad chuckle
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Calling someone by this term is derogatory to females.  It effects your character and shouldn't be used
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
That term is demeaning towards the gay community.  Your words can hurt even if they aren't directed.
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
"Fa--ot" as used here causes offense to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
"Re--rd(s) and" "bit-h" are terms of hate and should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
Referring to African Americans as monkeys is disgusting and hateful.
Look into the laws and the Constitution more as you seem to be lacking in understanding. Your post feels mean and ignorant of US law.
Using this word does nothing to your post but make me want to ignore it. If you want to add to the OP then do not use such harsh words.
"Retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. Don\'t be that guy
You can feel this way but there are better ways to express it. It would also help to explain why you feel this way.
Don't bash peoples' nationality or medical conditions.
"Retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. Don\'t be that guy
Just because you disagree or dislike some thing does not mean you can attack it. I would encourage you to speak to the people you attack.
People should have the free rights to practice whatever sexuality they're comfortable with as far as it doesn't harm others.
There isn't a need to be angry over this nor is there ever a need to use a slur that is unrelated to what is being discussed.
People from every background and sexual orientation suffer emotional trauma. It's not exclusive to gay people.
Even in a self-deprecatory way there's no need to use hateful labels on yourself nor confine your past self to that label.
Dressing in certain ways is no sure guarantee of one's sexuality as people have different fetishes.
Your convoluted sentence was not improved by adding a descriptive slur. Rephrase your opinions without being hateful.
Your colorful anecdote isn't brightened up by using a slur. Paint your picture with a different word next time.
Please refrain from the harsh language as it is demeaning.
This term is offensive to women and should be used.  I'm sure you would be hurt if this was directed at you.
Please tell your thoughts without the loathing comments but instead use more pleasant words.
Please stop saying things that are so revolting as they are offensive to others.
Using this word is demeaning towards women.  It is totally unnecessary to use it as an insult
Please curb the abominable speech and use words that more friendly.
This term is offensive to mentally challenged people.  You words can be hurtful towards people other than your intended target.
Avoid the negative comments please because they are hurtful and disrespectful to others.
Using these words as a derogatory comment towards someone else it hurtful.
I don't understand why you think offensive language adds anything to your comment.
You make your point without denigrating females...
We do not generalize them. There will always be bad apples but not as many as the good ones.
we need to be sensitive in using the word retards. It is a disability you won't like any member of the family to have.
Using slurs doesn't make anyone seem very intelligent.
That is a highly offensive term that shouldn't be used at all let alone to a friend
That is not so nice.
Sad that you think it's funny to use ableist slurs.
Yeah generalizing an entire group of people is real smart.
we need to be careful to our choice of words especially if it refers to a disability no one wants to have.
This comment is offensive and hostile. User will no longer be permitted to comment on this platform.
You talk about Incels as being stupid. Don't be like them. Clean up your language.
Guys you shouldn't even use that language to talk about how you don't like that language
Unfortunately this comment is being flagged as offensive and will be taken down.
I think the point is made more strongly by user 2 without such offensive language
This comment is being flagged for its inappropriate and offensive language. Your account will be suspended on this platform.
Use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
I guess you don't like her from the name calling.
Use of the f-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of homosexuality.
Sexual slurs do not equate a a dishonest business.
Slurs used here to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people.
Bullying in an argument about not bullying seems ironic.
This hatred has nothing to do with video games.
It's really silly to attack a liberal strawman just to feel good about yourself.
an assumption of someone's political affiliation while using hateful words to attack it and imply threats is not welcome in this discourse
You don't even know her how can you use that kind of language.
Hateful speech about women is hurtful and offensive and therefore has no place in our conversations.
You can make your points without calling them names and thus stooping to their level.
name-calling doesn't help you make your point.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
do not  use  words used in the 60's hatred era
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments in this thread
Please don't use the r-word. 30 years ago the intellectually disabled were institutionalized. We deserve the right to participate in society
30 years ago we were electing KKK Grand Wizards to Congress. This is nothing new.
Wow
This is blatant hate. Do not degrade women because you do not agree with their opinion. Gender does not decide superiority.
I'd like to know how you came up with that horribly outdated opinion.
Please watch your tone. Please refrain from using offensive language in your replies.
hey there is no reason to use hateful terms about a person mental disability.
Your comment is very offensive. If you are going to keep posting offensive comments you will be banned.
Woah that is uncalled for. Do not use vulgar language.
Hey please do not use that nasty language on your posts.
Your offensive comments are not appropriate. Please refrain from using offensive language in your comments.
Stop using rude insults that pertain to someones mental disability
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
You need to educate yourselves better.
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings
Racist views are hurtful and derogatory. Please be considerate of others when posting
I think you need to mix more with people of different sexualities.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it demeans women and is hurtful and offensive.
Well using mentally disabled slang isn't going to get anyone taken seriously either Some feminist go to extremes but not all.
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it demeans people with mental disabilities and is hurtful and offensive.
Although everyone has their own insights on the matter it is our job to set aside our differences to support the newer generations.
The term 'rancid cunt' is an attack on women and should not be used.
You are allowed to have your own opinion but please keep your comments to yourself. We do not permit that type of language.
no one deserves to be attacked no matter what she said about them.
Let us refrain from using inappropriate terminology to discuss ethnicity along with the R word.
you don't need to use slurs to get your point across. it makes people stop listening.
Use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Please stop spreading hate on the internet and go do something productive with your life.
Use of the c-word to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
Please stop insulting women and lesbians by using slurs.
Use of this slur to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of lesbians.
Just because times were bad doesn't mean they can't be better now. Slurs won't help anything.
The use of the r-word is hurtful because it denigrates people with mental disabilities and therefore is unacceptable.
Please don't use that word unless you're English or referring to cigarettes.
This slur denigrates homosexuals and is therefore unacceptable in our discourse.
Hey using slurs contributes to a hateful society. Instead of using the r-word or the c-word let's build a kinder world.
Use of these slurs to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive.
Retarded" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
Wow I think using the intellectually disabled as an insult like that is out of line.
It's very hard to understand your point of view when you use that word.
Ret--ded" and "b--ch" are offensive terms of hate; such blatant disrespect must be avoided in this forum.
While the situation might seem stupid that's no reason to compare it to the intellectually disabled.
When you use words like those it reflects poorly on your character.
While y'all is a southern thing
I understand the point you're trying to make but it would be more effective if you didn't use that word.
Hey people attempting to modify language does not give you a free pass to dehumanize them.
I'd be more apt to agree with your point if you didn't use that word.
Let's not use that language to imply someone is gay. If he is it's his business.
I want to engage in this conversation with you but it is hard when you use words like those.
How about we not use any offensive names and respect each other?
Stop putting down peoples' sexual choices.
Please do not refer to people this way.  You are hurting people's feelings.
Stop gender and sexuality bashing!
Its not cool to use the R word at all.  There's a better way to call someone stupid.
Stop gender bashing womens ' choices.
Those are all fitting consequences for a perpetrator of rape. This is why women don't report. Proof is hard to come by.
I know you're mad but that language is not necessary.  Don't call them that.
Stop gender bashing.
There could be fanfiction out there but I don't know anyone who is thinks of Trump in a sexual manner.
You're making way too many assumptions about people's genders.
It's normal to want to be in an intimate relationship with other people.  Not all women are 'weak' and not all men are 'strong'.
Mental retardation is not an insult. Why do you think it is?
There are a lot of other remarks that people can use that would be of greater use than calling people derogatory terms based on who they are
I know you are quoting someone but that hate speech will not be tolerated.  That is offensive to women and people with disabilities.
Stop the political choice and gender based insults.
Not only is your statistic wrong you are using hate speech toward women which will not be tolerated here.
Stop the racist insults.
The language you both used is extremely offensive toward the Black community and will not be tolerated.
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
The word you used is hate speech toward people with disabilities and will not be tolerated.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Wilson is a beautiful woman making money off that beauty. I don't think that is bad
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
I think we are missing the point of this article
Mentally challenged individuals are highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is willful ignorance.
Red Dead Redemption 2 shouldn't be pushing that agenda or even bringing attention to it. Shame on them.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Racism is taught you are not born racist.
You using a person's race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
There are manners of discussing opinions on this woman's actions which do not involve a direct attack insinuating violence and hatred.
calm down please. I see why you are upset. She probably just wanted to have a very simple hair cut in a short time.
"Ret--ds" and "c--t(s)" are offensive terms of hatred and should be avoided in this forum.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Using the word "re---ded" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
Variants of the "n word" as well as "re--rd" are offensive terms of hate and may not be used in this forum.
Degrading comments about racial slang as well as words for mental delay are hateful do not use them
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here
Using the word retarded as an insult is hate speech do not do it here
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively and hate speech directed at a religion  are each offensive and must  be avoided
Making generalized insults about a person's religion is hateful do not do it
I feel like you are purposefully misunderstanding the argument made here by taking it literally.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Perhaps you can understand why women are calling this behavior toxic considering your response.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
I feel like you're using the double meaning of this word intentionally to offend.
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
This seems to be used here to score points but it's a legitimate medical issue that you should read more about.
I've had the same issues you have.  Do me a favor and watch the wording though it can be offensive to some.
"Ret--ds" as used here is patently offensive; it should be avoided.
I totally understand your point but watch the wording if you would.  It's really not appropriate in this day and age.
"Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Watch the nasty words about the mentally challenged it only takes away from your argument.  I totally get it by the way.
"Ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance.
"Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance.
Watch the name-calling dude.
How original an insult... /s
A lot of people don't know by the CDC actually has a plan posted on the website for a zombie attack.
No need for the strong language there bud.
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Let them dress how they want but I agree that it's probably more mentally healthy to pick one gender.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this.
This does not add to the post and is rude. If you want to criticize the say something other than name calling.
Use of the c-word as a slur is offensive and hurtful to all woman.
Instead of name calling explain why you feel this way. This will open the door to conversation and for someone to "change your mind."
Use of this slur is hurtful to people with homosexual orientation as well as most people because it is so hate-filled.
Your comments are slightly off topic and not based in fact. Do some research instead of going off your opinion.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
There is no reason to attack anyone but you are  attacking the woman more than the man. There is no reason to blame her for his actions.
Use of hateful slurs is defiling the conversation and offends women--there is no place for such hurtful speech in a reasonable discussion.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Why do you have to use derogatory terms as part of your vocabulary.  This language is incredibly offensive and should not be used.
This r-word is offensive and hurtful - because it is associated with people who have disabilities.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this and your homophobia is showing.
Is your language really necessary?  Just because you disagree with them does not give you the right to insult them with offensive language.
This slur is no longer acceptable in our discourse because of its offensive nature about homosexual orientation.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. Not to mention
That language is unnecessary.  You can get your point across without using a derogatory insult.
The c-word is not acceptable because it is so hurtful and offensive to all women.
The word used is offensive to women and is very unnecessary.
Sounds like the French are taking this really serious.
Then it's time to run or jump out a window to safety!
Regardless of her mistakes we still don't need to call her names.
Calling a woman by that name does not assist in proving a point. Please use acceptable language.
Not only should he get that money but she needs to be arrested!
I don't feel like this is something worth getting so upset over.
The use of this word in this context or at all is not condoned.
I keep hearing about that show I need to check it out today.
The word retard should not be used in this context or at all as it is offensive.
I have been hearing a lot about Science being false. I guess my Bible was true after all...
Please don't use gender degrading words.
The term "c--t" is a bigoted term of ignorance and so does not have a place in intelligent commentary.
Both the "n word" and racial stereotyping are offensive and not permitted in this forum.
stop using gender degrading terms.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Stop using gender degrading word.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Just because you disagree with the decision that she made gives you no right to use such demeaning language.  Erase it from your vocabulary
You really shouldn't judge someone before you know the whole story she could have been coerst into joining this group she is a young girl.
I don't understand why you would attack more than half of american teachers just because they are female you need to grow up.
Please don't use derogatory terms in your posts.  This word is offensive to a substantial portion of our population and should not be used
No one is going to take you seriously using words like that come back when you can speak like an adult.
This was a civil conversation until you opened your mouth why don't you go back to your parents basement.
That word is meant to disparage the handicapable. Disgusting
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
That may or may not be the case but most can spell "truly" correctly
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
This person's sexuality and your ignorance have no bearing on the conversation
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Your post uses speech that denigrates gender and/or  disability which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Fa--ot" and "re==rd
Nothing can be said these types of people can't be reasoned with.
Trying to offend others by hurling insults only demeans yourself by your hurtful speech.
Ret---ation" is not to be used it is a term of hate.
n/a
Use of the word retardation here is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
I think a lot of citizens don't realize how many hard choices a president has to make.
That word is vulgar type in Obama in the Urban Dictionary.The "C" word will be in the past after you do. You\'re welcome.
We should let every human live their life in a way that makes them happy as long as it doesn't hurt anyone.
This is a plethora of not PC words. Glad GLAAD isn't here. Non-conformist transgender intersexual=same thing he said but acceptable.
Think about it this way. These women are someone's mother
after the walkout there should be one to end the use of derogatory names of ladies private place.
It's really unhealthy to be this angered over other's political beliefs. We should come together for the better good.
This is an enthusiastic bunch I can hear animosity in each slur very impressive time to use our adult words now
On your way to get that award I could really use a hug or 2. All the gab about gab and all the other words has me dizzy so lets hug it out.
Using the word 'non-retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Put yourself in the shoes of person with a disability and stop using such ugly reference terms as it shows a lack of intelligence.
Using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
These type of insulting terms are said by people that have a hard time speaking their mind with intelligence don't fall into that category.
Restraint is good. What a guy.
Using the word 'cunt' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
You might find that you can get your point across better if you don't refer to someone's gender in an aggressive and insulting way.
Good point but using that term doesn't help you make your case.
Using the word 'cunts'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
It probably appears to others that you are acting like an 11 year old when you use an offensive and immature term to describe a woman.
If you use language like that no one's going to listen to you accept the small circle of people who agree with you.
Using the word 'cunts'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
You were making good points until you stooped to the level of attacking one's gender in such a rude manner then it comes off as ignorance.
I don't disagree
Please don't use a serious medical condition to express yourself.
You should provide an argument point instead of blindly insulting.
Please don't use a serious medical condition to bash others.
It is wrong and harmful that she lied but it has nothing to do with women in general.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
"Fa--ot" as used here is an offensive term and must be avoided
"Re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families
Please do not use racial slurs.
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs and attacking others for their political beliefs discussions should be respectful.
Hateful words about homosexual people and people with intellectual disabilities will not be tolerated.
Language that denigrates women will not be tolerated.
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs and attacking others.
Hateful language against homosexual people will not be tolerated.
This is what happens when people are no longer allowed to speak freely if it was in poor judgement lets hope the help that is needed occur
Use of the r-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with a disability.
Race is such a sensitive topic my children know what not to say and i am sure you know as well.If you are a white man try to sympathize.
Use of the n-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of black people.
Well being perfect isn't easy in 2019.
The use of harsh offensive words against someone does not any context to a conversation so how about try saying somthing that could be help
Use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
This language isn't appropriate. It's 2019 and certain words are no longer acceptable to use.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Sometimes you have to advocate for yourself and we don't know the whole story
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
While your sentiment stands
Even so don't think we have to use abusive language to get the point across
sexist and derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Mental retardation and gender stereotyping are not relevant to the discussion. Pedophelia is very defined by law.
Racial generalisation and sexual orientation are irrelevant to being downvoted.
The irony is that you're trying to have a whole argument about toxicity while you are being toxic.
Luckily both of you get to hide your identity. I wonder what kinds of awful things would be said about you if you were in the public eye.
I understand your angry but there's no reason to talk that way about women.
Calm down on the hate speech there
I think it sounds like the men lost their jobs on their own. Without their negative actions they'd still have job security.
There's no reason to use such an offensive term towards women.It's highly offensive.
Yes the woman who lied about it was not a good person but that doesn't mean you have to call her the 'c' word
Just state that she was lying. When you name call it makes your comment less credible.
There's really no reason to use terms like that. There's no reason to offend as many people as possible. That just makes you a bad person.
I don't think there are actually any benefits to using that word. If I'm missing something please inform me.
There really is no reason to use the 'r' word in your argument at all.
I was taking you serious and actually trying to understand your opinion that is until you decided to name-call.
"B--ch
slut" and "tw-t" are terms of hate that target all women; they are to be avoided here.
Someone is having a bad day
I know you're not trying to be hurtful by saying the R word but it kind of comes off that way.
"Re--rded" is offensive; try to substitute a less-stereotyping term.
You make some great points
"C--t" used pejoratively is offensive and hateful; it should be avoided here.
By calling her the C word you're minimizing the fact that she's a terrorist sympathizer and instead insulting all women.
Using the term "c--t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Buy Felicia
Cunt when used against women is a misogynistic phrase no matter how the woman was acting.
Attacking others based on their gender is not a productive or careful way to have a conversation.
The n-word is an extremely racist term and racism does nothing to contribute to meaningful conversation or our society.
Words used to hurt a group of people aren't necessary to have a productive conversation
Her body size has nothing to do with her actions and should not be used against something unrelated.
Using words to attack ones gender do not convey understanding or care.
I saw her in that video and I was embarrassed for her.
Arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around
I don't agree with a rape culture. Either a man is capable of rape or he isn't.  No culture is involved.
Arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around
This comes off as nonsensical when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around
You need to be careful what you say to not offend anyone today.
This comes off as nonsensical
That is just terrible to say. Some people need to just stop with the racist comments and learn to love and live in peace.
This comes off as unnecessary when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around.
Even a biological term could be considered racist please refrain from using racist and derogatory terms towards women and the disabled.
Don't bash people because of their political beliefsracegender or medical conditions!
It isn't necessary to use racist terms to describe people.
Stop using racist terms.
Stop with the racist nationality remarks and gender bashing words.
There are different ways to get your point across without attacking someones character
watch you language.  Using a derogatory term directed at females to describe a journalist that you don't like is disrespectful.
Instead of insults let's focus specifically in what you don't like about the journalist.
Lets refrain from attacking someones character to get a point across. There are real people that find words offensive.
Please don't say such things that offend people.
Threats of violence are not permitted.
Talking about killing a race or a person in an organized religion is immoral. We are all humans with the same feelings of emotions be kind.
Offensive language based on gender identity is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
This is homophobia. The transgender community are the most kind hearted people above us all. They are not hurting you so leave them alone.
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Offensive language based on disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Using the word retarded is not acceptable. It disrespects many physically disabled people and their families.
Fast food was always bad for you
You should not use that word to describe someone
Let's not make mockery of people's disabilitoes by trivialising them.
I wouldn't allow my young child to follow Malala regardless of race or religion.
You should not use that word to describe someone
Socialists have their own way of thinking it doesn't mean their bad
You should not use that word to describe someone
People have the right to choose political beliefs. We should respect ourselves and beliefs.
As a woman I dislike when other women go down this road. Video games are just games
You should not use these words to describe people. Discriminating against people because of stereotypes is wrong.
People have a right to sexual belief and practices as far as they don't harm others.
"Ret--ded" "fa--ot" and the "n word" all often comprise hate speech hence they are forbidden in this forum.
I don't think that freedom is what you describe it is.
"Ret---ed" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families.
"Ret---ed"  and "f-g" are often terms of ignorance and hate so we should avoid their use here.
I dont think these examples were necessary to convey your point.
Calling them that will not make more people like you.
It's hard to take your opinion seriously with all the homophobic slurs.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
There are better ways to get your point across than using offensive terms
Use of the c-word is not acceptable in our discourse because it hurtfully denigrates women.
Women would have worked just fine over the 'c' word
Use of the c-word to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
Better words could have been used instead of the 'c' word
Use of the c-word is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
Please be kinder with your words and change the commentary.
No one here cares for the truth only to win an argument over the internet
Please avoid the trash talk and use words that are uplifting.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Please use more caring words and less expressions of hate.
Ha! He really struck a nerve! All that name calling doesn't make him wrong.
The expressions you use can be taken offensively so please rethink your comments.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
This is an extremely offensive word that is demeaning to women ad shouldn't be used in this context.
Can't really take you seriously when you think ableist slurs are okay to use.
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
Using this word in this manner is out of line mental retardation is not something that should be used as a joke.
Using the word retard is offensive to mentally challenged people.  This about your words before you put them on the internet.
Making fun of someone you dislike isn't going to solve any problems.
This word has historically been regarded as hate speech and your point would be more effectively made using other language.
Calling people names because you dislike them isn't going to solve anything.
Please refrain from using this type of hate speech. It does not promote constructive conversation.
This language is not tolerated nor is it conducive to a constructive conversation. Please refrain from derogatory and hate speech
Name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Please refrain from using such derogatory names.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Please change the speech you use on this page. Hateful and derogatory speech is not tolerated.
Hey
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
You being acculturated into propaganda only proves our arguments. Furthermore
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Hey
Complaining about a generalization while generalizing invalidates your argument entirely. Grow up and go outside once in a while.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
I agree but would use a friendlier adjective. 'unfounded comparison' for example.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Re--rd" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
I think ya'll just need to calm down and be a little more respectful of each other and recognize each other's failures kindly.
Can't really respect this comment when you think it's okay to use ableist slurs.
Re--ed" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
Dude just say 'too stupid'. There's no reason to use such hateful rhetoric.
It's hard to take anything you say seriously when you use ableist slurs like that.
Re--rd" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
Man it's so ridiculous to me that people want to wave their dicks around by using slurs causally on the internet. Have some respect.
Your opinion might have been good had it not included the ableist slur.
It's all right to disagree with people without seeing vast conspiracies in their behavior.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
I don't think that word has any place in a conversation about software.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
No violence is okay
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
"Reta---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families so the term is not allowed.
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
Using misogynistic terms in an attempt at humor isn't actually funny.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
"Ret--ded" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families.
Use of that language regarding your ex-girlfriend is gender discrimination.
Use of that term to describe a woman is gender discrimination
This c-word even if not intended to be offensive is hurtful - because it is is derogatory slang affecting all women.
Use of that term to describe a woman constitutes gender discrimination
All ya gotta do is remove a word and you wouldnt have any problem with being offensive.
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across.
You're better than that. Stop.
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across.
You literally can just say dumb.
Please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive
You're better than this.
Can we not try to insight violence
Consider using different language in the future that does not undermind your points with hatred
You're better than that.
How about we don't.
Everyone is entitled to an opini but please don't display one that attacks another' character there are different ways to get your point ac
Your description of women as retard and basic is generalizing and hateful speech
Using language like that to describe someone or something speaks to that persons character.
I heard that witchcraft isn't just a bunch of women but men practice too.
Using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Such repeated and reflexive misogyny is rude insensitive ill-considered and unnecessary in intelligent debate.
Using the slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
The use of "tw-t" to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
"Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance.
I hope the video shows that so he doesn't get in trouble.
Using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Mindlessly using the "c---" term to refer to women and threatening gender-based violence are offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Using a slur wasn't really necessary.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Using language that is violent towards gay people makes is unacceptable and only serves to make you seem ignorant.
Insulting all women isn't a great way to bring people to you side.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
This language is violent against women in general and is therefore unacceptable.
Using slurs and hate speech examples in such a flippant way is tacitly supporting these ideas. Please reconsider your language choices.
By gamifying behavior that you see from real people expressing real concerns you're depersonalizing them in a really alarming way.
You're not even being original. Go back to /b/.
Using gender as the butt of a joke is a low tier accomplishment that middle schoolers achieve regularly
This is a childish way to use a word that's so hurtful and there's no need to double down on it.
Sexual abuse of young boys is a real problem and it's ignored by society at large.
Using mental illness and sexuality as verbal weapons is a weak accomplishment.
This is an abusive homophobic attack but using insults and slurs to defend yourself against it doesn't help.
Engaging in the civic process might help you to feel less cynical about your process!
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
I don't think it's going to solve anything to insult everyone equally.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this. Over a game...come on
Yes it may have been a mistake but name-calling swearing and bashing the person(s) responsible does not seem like the best decision.
Please do not use mental illnesses as an insult.
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language as an insult.
While I understand the angst of this conversation I think that the name-calling and bad language are not entirely necessary guys!
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to him.
Please refrain from attacking others based on where they came from/were born.
Using the slur here hurts and demeans gays alienates and is not acceptable.
Gay people are perfectly capable of recognizing murders what with all the hate crimes done to them. Don't talk about them like that.
Using the slur here hurts and demeans gays alienates and is not acceptable.
Please don't bring gay people into this- especially not with that language.
Using the r-word here hurts and demeans people with mental disabilities alienates and is not acceptable.
Please don't bring the intellectually disabled into this. And especially not with slurs.
Guys let's try being kinder to people. Black people deserve human rights as do lesbians.
This whole thread is just filled with angry little misogynists.
It says a lot that you feel the need to label this woman by her gender instead of her actions
Stop using racist humor.
Just stay stupid or dumb. It really isn't difficult and it would make your points seem more credible
Using the word retarder instead of stupid just makes you look stupid. People will take your points a lot more seriously if you change.
You're language her leaves a lot to be desired. Maybe try to sound like an adult.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
I think you need to try and be civil in your language.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
There are other words you could use to show your displeasure with women. Why not try them out.
To act like those of the opposite sex all behave the same way is to admit to your narrow mindedness.
Try words like Dumb and stupid instead.
Try again. Find a different civil word to use.
Defining someone by their gender is one of the easiest ways to look stupid.
You seem to have a lot of anger toward hypothetical women
Try talking to women and reading about the various women's movements and waves of feminism. Study history.
Using irrelevant language to describe women doesn't strengthen your argument.
There is no reason here to even call someone a name. Save yourself down votes and don't post.
I think that there is a better description for this tactic.
You're kind of proving their point there. Why escalate like this?
While you do have a right to feel this way using foul language will turn people away from discussing it with you. Try being more calm.
You can share your opinion without directing it towards a specific person.
Women her age put up with a lot; we don't know her whole backstory and why she's like that.
You shouldn't judge people by their age. User 3 makes a good point.
Calling her that takes you down to her level.
I think the whole multi gender option is a bit much in the games
I'd be more apt to agree with your point if you didn't use that word.
When you use words like those it reflects poorly on your character.
Cops shouldn't speak to people that way
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your character.
It's very hard to understand your point of view when you use that word.
There's really no reason to single out a race. Black children go to school just as any other race. Fact.
You'd get your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use that word.
We are in the 21st century we really don't need words like that. There's absolutely no reason for calling him that.
It was awful what happened
Use of slurs here is offensive because it equates homosexuality or intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
There's no need to use derogatory names to get your point across.
There's no reason to degrade people with disabilities
Just because you don't agree with the decision they made using a derogatory word like that is still not justifiable.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
There really is no justifiable reason as to why you needed to use the 'r' word in your question.
It is unacceptable to degrade people with disabilities just because you don't agree with their policies.
Use of the word retards is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Don't think you should be using the 'r' word. It's derogatory and not necessary.
As tempting as it is
Calling someone retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Not saying I condone what happened but there is no reason to call someone the 'r' word.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Your point of view becomes invalid when you use that word.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
It's very hard for me to want to listen to your point of view when you use that word.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
This is an interesting perspective but it's hard to digest when you use a word like that.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
I understand the point you're trying to make but it would be more effective if you didn't use that word.
Calling a woman a slob with no evidence is hateful speech towards all women do not use it.
Why use this demeaning term to express your opinion.  there are plenty of other words that do not have the same derogatory connotation.
The word retarded as an insult is hateful to many people so please refrain from using it
This is a hurtful attack towards women
Your derogatory language is entirely unnecessary.  You can express your displeasure without insults/name calling.
this language regarding women is insensitive and hateful and should not be used in this forum
Offensive language based on disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
"Re--rd" and "c--t" are offensive and should not be used in this forum.
Offensive language based on race is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
The "n word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
Offensive language based on disability and sex is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
"Re---d" and "c--t" are terms of hate and not to be used here.
I think that we could use a better word to call someone that doesn't reference a mental disability.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
I think that we could use better language to discuss this topic.
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
A word doesn't have to be the worst possible thing to say in order to be hurtful to people.
In this cultural context it is a slur deliberately and specifically used to demean and degrade the target. It's not confusing at all.
You should look into the statistics of false rape accusations they might interest you.
Please talk to a therapist about your paranoia and deep-seated resentments of women.
Nobody is asking you to end all harassment you are being asked not to be a harasser yourself or to make posts like this.
I know you're very upset about people who aren't you being allowed to participate in your favorite hobby but there's no need for slurs.
Ret--dedly" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families
There are terms used in this post that have been deemed as hate speech.  This language is offensive and not to be used on this site..
stop
A term used in this post has been deemed as hate speech.  This language is offensive and unacceptable to use on this site.
A term used in this post has been deemed as hate speech.  This language is offensive and unacceptable to use on this site.
Come on guys. This is not that serious. Conflicting views and that's it. Get a grip.
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Using gendered insults really doesn't speak well of you.
I am sure you have something more formidable to say instead of name calling...
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Slow down dude. Everyone is entitled to their own opinion.
Offensive language based on disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Valid point. I probably wouldn\'t have used such "colorful" language but still totally valid point.
Offensive language based on sexual orientation is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Everyone is entitled to an opini
The term "fa--ot" is offensive to many people and so should not be used in a political commentary.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Using gender as the butt of a joke is a low tier accomplishment that middle schoolers achieve regularly
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
that is below the belt. maybe he did not have the facts right but not enough to call names.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
The use of this kind of racist word is not tolerated and will be removed
You using a person's race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
Requesting that HATE filled words not be used is not to hinder anyone but instead to provide a place where there is no fear of verbal abuse
Using sexuality as a way to insult is only showing of your lack of creativity
What is the point of using that language you can make your point without it
The word faggot is a highly offensive term and can be classified as hate speech directed at the LGBTQ+ community and is unacceptable.
that language isn't helping you make your point... not all women are the same or have the same views
The word cunt is a highly offensive term and can be classified as hate speech directed at women and is unacceptable.
What's the point of all this hateful terminology who cares what other people do if it doesn't affect you we all have different experiences
Attacking a user with hate speech and vitriol is no way to win an argument.  The racism homophobia and transphobia present is unacceptable
Stop bashing peoples' political and sexual choices.
what is the use in using this language it isn't helping you make your point or get listened to
The word faggot is a highly offensive term and can be classified as hate speech directed at the LGBTQ+ community and is unacceptable.
Using words to demean a person's gender are neither productive nor careful.
There are actually tons of women in positions of power.
Based on one person's actions you can't generalize an entire country or gender group. Wake up!
Using words that profanely refer to a person's gender are neither productive nor careful.
Cheating is wrong regardless of the gender of the offender.
Using hateful language will not help anyone ever.
I don't think you actually understand what that word means.
That would be a medical condition people are born with. Hope you feel better about yourself.
I guess you didn't like it. Hard to tell under the hate speech.
There are so many verbs and adjectives in the English language. It is not necessary to use a word that is a medical condition.
Everyone agrees she's in the wrong the name calling takes away from your point though.
Using that word doesn't get your point across and in fact makes people not take you seriously.
Using words to attack a person's sex will not promote a sound conclusion to your argument.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and/or religion which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Hate speech doesn't help anyone. Let's have an intelligent conversation without resorting to hateful name calling.
Using negative words that refer to one's gender identity or religious affiliation do not promote understanding.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and/or disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
What does name calling have to do with this conversation? Let's be adults people.
Such an eloquent respone. Too bad you had to ruin it with hatful foul language.
A hateful comments don't help any of these victims. Don't stoop to the same level.
I see your point but there's no reason to use such an offensive term.
She isn't necessarily racist so much as lazy. Keep to the point.
We get it. You don't like this person. There's still no reason to refer to her in this way.
Not pretty but neither is your colorful language...
It's just not necessary to use such an offensive term to make your statement.
Actual names would be helpful not your idea of what they should be named...
Using 'cunt' as an insult is offensive to women because its a direct attack based on gender.
Lighten up this is just a chat room you don't even know him.
The 'c' word shouldn't be used in any context
Using 'retard' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
The use of the 'r' word was incredibly offensive here
Using 'retards' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
That remark is rather extreme you'd sound smarter by not using it.
You shouldn't use offensive terms just because you're angry
Using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Come on you'd look smarter by not using that word.
You could have just said women
Re--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
This is a random place to put such a hurtful word and you certainly didn't need it.
It would be helpful just to answer without insulting people by calling them a "retard."
"Ending retardedly" isn\'t even a real word. How about offering a critique which doesn\'t insult people but rather uses facts?
C--ts" "Re--d(ed)" and "re--rds" are each offensive unnecessary and should be avoided in this forum.
You should make more friends from these groups so that you understand why they feel upset.
Calling someone a "cunt" or "retard" is insulting and hateful. How about using other words to express your outrage.
referring to someone as "cunt" is not only hateful but it is not a very good way of describing someone.
These are real people that you're talking about and they would be hurt that you said this about them.
Calling someone a retard isn't very nice.  It's a form of hate speech which lowers the level of communication on online communities.
Woooow you must really hate women.
Hey intellectually disabled people are people too. Please don't use them as slurs.
Hey let's censor the n-word. It belongs to black people not to us.
We are talking about humans not rabid animals.
Heyo if you think you're better than these people you shouldn't use slurs to refer to them.
Just call them a moron or something.
I don't think whether people are intelligent or not is relevant to the discussion.
There are soooo many more creative words to use than this.
That woman might be disabled. For that matter using slurs outs you as a terrible person.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
While I appreciate you being upset about the sexist title using retarded in that way is just another way of bringing people down.
You're very quick to judge and label someone mean-spirited while being so yourself.
They are used as insults yes but that doesn't make them any less bigoted or hurtful to people. Gay people still have to deal with it.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
I think it should be possible to have a debate about religion without breaking it down into a I'm smarter or you are dumber than me argument
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Not sure why the sexism but please watch the language.
The "N word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
This is incredibly disgusting. This language is not acceptable in any way.
The "N word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
This is horrible. This language is not acceptable in any form.
"Ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
I see this conversation is getting heated. Watch the language please.
Watch the language. This isn't appropriate.
The 'c' word isn't a word that should be used it's offensive
This is beyond inappropriate. This language is unacceptable.
Your statement was offensive and used terms that should not be used.
Watch the language. This is not acceptable.
There really isn't a good enough reason to use the 'c' word
I understand this is a heated topic but watch the language.
There's no reason to call someone the 'c' word
You'd have more success swaying people's opinions if you didn't use that word.
The headline was shocking enough your comment doesn't really add anything to it.
Hey now do not use that sexually vulgar word when posting.
You'd get your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use that word.
Whether it's racist towards whites or blacks it's still racist.
This is an interesting perspective but it's hard to digest when you use a word like that.
Yikes harsh name calling isn't necessary on this thread!
Woah! please do not use inappropriate language when talking about religious figures.
It's very hard to understand your point of view when you use that word.
She does not represent all women thankfully!
Please do not use vulgar words when voicing your opinion
This was a good argument until it got derailed with the racial slurs.
Avoid using racist terms when posting on different feeds.
Retarded" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
Using the word retarded as an insult is hate speech do not use it here.
Ableism in your comment makes it hard to take anything you say seriously.
since it offends many
The word cunt when used as an insult against a woman is hate speech do not use it here.
Using offensive slurs don't add anything to the discussion.
Can't take you seriously when you use ableist slurs.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and sexual orientation in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
This language is completely unacceptable and disgusting. This is your first and final warning.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
That's incorrect. Regardless this language is not appropriate for this subreddit.
I understand you have strong feelings but its hurtful to use vulgar insults for those that actually have mental disabilities.
Thousands of adjectives available and you choose retarded? Come on.
I understand you are frustrated with the situation but its hurtful to use vulgar insults of people with mental disabilities.
Why do you have to use the word 'retard'? Wouldn't bigot or rube fit better without maligning the mentally handicapped?
I understand you are trying to by funny but vulgar insulting words can be hurtful.  Its important to respect others when making posts.
Clever but come on. I think men and women are equal constructors of this thing.
Using the term 'cunt' like this is an attack on women and is not constructive to the conversation.
You did not have to say something like this.  you could have passed right over this post and never commented this term.
Using the term 'hooded faggot' sounds both race-insensitive and possible like an attack based on sexuality. Please stop.
"Faggot" is just a word that people/trolls use to goad an emotional response from someone. Let\'s have a real conversation
"Retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. Don\'t be that guy
My son also thinks this generation is out of hand and he's 15. I think sometimes he is 15 going on 40.
Please use language that is respectful of different abilities.
These classic video games is where it all started. We have really gotten so far away from just playing games.
Please use language that is respectful of different sexual orientations.
Unions are not all that bad and protect people. For Gamers to go and make such a fight makes no sense.
Disagreeing with someone ideologically doesn't mean you should lump entire groups together and make generalizations with hateful speech
Men can also be emotionally high strung people there are negatives to all politician lol
these comedian went on stage to do a job. keep it professionalRude and offensive terms are needed to voice opinions
That kind of nasty language isn't helping anyone understand each other
I'd be more apt to agree with your point if you didn't use that word.
Use a different term for women.
I understand the point you're trying to make
There are sooo many other words you can use like dumb stupid obtuse or is your vocabulary just that small.
Keep your language civil. Just because you are mad doesn't mean you should speak like this.
It seems like you just hate women.
You should work on your language skills in regards to women. It will take you far.
Ret---ed" and "c--t" as used here are offensive and should be avoided.
Do not use offensive language to communicate your point.
Ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
You can communicate your point without using offensive language.
Please don't use sexist language to express your disapproval.
You're allowed to think someone is unintelligent but your language is unnecessary.
Fa--ot" as used here causes offense to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary
This post contains strong homophobic slurs they have no place on this forum.
You can communicate your point without offending a whole group of people.
Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Please communicate your point without using offensive language.
The 'f' word isn't a word that should be used to win internet arguments. It's derogatory.
Suicide and derogatory names do not make the point more valid. Refrain from using these offensive comments when disagreeing a subject.
Kids Keep it civil and use your language skills.
You shouldn't call people the 'f' word. It's derogatory and completely unnecessary.
Derogatory words do not change what this guy has done. Refrain from offensive comments.
You can get your point across without being uncivil.
The 'c' word is derogatory and should not be used.
You should use language that is a little less trivial.
There are people who have BDSM interests but that's different than this conversation.  I wouldn't sink to anyone's level by abusing back.
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
I think there's a lot more to the output or at least perceived output of anyone than just if their male or female
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
It is okay to have strong opinions but when you use that language is makes you sound prejudiced.
Your comments are very inappropriate in a discussion about underage children; your attraction or the child's sexuality isn't the focus here.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Please remember you're talking about an eleven year old and perhaps not be so disgusting.
refrain from using derogatory terms in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Calling names because you don't agree with something doesn't help anyone.
I think we should focus on the positive interactions in this situation.
I understand you think she is rude and quite ridiculous
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
If we state opinions without calling names it makes the comments more credible in a discussion.
Do not use a persons disability as an insult to others.
Using a word to insinuate that someone is stupid when it is a medical condition people are born with does not help get your point across.
Avoid using vulgar sexual terms when voicing your opinion.
That word is totally disrespectful.You're trying to make a point that you have an open mind while using a heinous word to get your point
Abstain from using vulgar words and using a persons mental disability as an insult.
Just all around offensive to women and special needs people. Using hurtful language doesn't help anyone.
Body shaming is just bullying. Everyone sounds so bitter about people they don't actually know and just assuming everything.
You all must be pretty miserable. Especially because I'm reporting you for using slurs.
The other poster was right you need to calm down a bit.
Please be kinder with regards to your own intelligence and the intelligence of others.
Thank you for showing us what a terrible person you are! I will take my vagina elsewhere and not engage with you further.
Ah yes let's set the response standard to what you post just insulting.
No comment on the veracity of this article but please be kinder to women and refer to them with less harsh language.
Sexual assault can be difficult to prove regardless not all accusations without evidence are malicious.
I don't think referring to someone with a derogatory name for a person with a disability promotes a productive conversation.
Using negative words based on sexual orientation to refer to other is not nice.
n/a
There's no reason to use words like that.
There are a lot of other words you could use beside 'cunt
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
It's not right to make fun of mental handicaps.
You're unlikely to change the other user's opinion if you refer to their daughter with such vulgar words.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Relationships do still hold merit
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
n/a
Your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
You don't have any proof that the increase in Muslims in the UK is linked to terror attacks there.
Your post uses speech that denigrates religion which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Equal rights doesn't mean men and women have rights to hit each other. Violence is wrong and illegal both ways.
Instead of name calling maybe you could state what she lies about and prove it.
Instead of name calling please tell us something about the person's actions and why you disagree.
Using those terms in their context doesn't mean equality.
Sometimes people just make faces and and shouldn't be labeled as anything in such a hateful context.
I'm not really sure labeling anyone as mentally disabled should be used for someone that complains.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
It doesn't really matter what anyone likes It is up to them and only them.
You can't generalize a group of people just because of a few individuals. How would you feel if someone did that to you?
I really don't think we need to be belittling firefighters!  They do a tremendous service to the public.
One's job title has no influence on their individual character. The collar or social status is only that. It isn't a defining mark.
You don't know what other people are going through in their lives or what is the true cause.
While I know of some people who have had vaccine injuries it still is not ever right to put down anyone or use disparaging language!
Vaccine injuries are very real but not all Anti-vaxxers are alike. Some have very legitimate concerns for what goes into the human body.
I can agree that she probably would be worse off at the healing lodge but I don't think it is necessary to use hateful or vulgar language!
Consequences should apply no matter what. A life is a life.
I actually think this is a good idea because private businesses should be just as responsible as everyone else if they are enabling bullies.
People deserve to feel safe no matter how they identify so long as it does no harm to others they contribute all the same to society.
I agree with the last post and I'm a female!  However
Physical strength isn't limited just to men. Women can weight train just as well as men. But to lump all together holds everyone back
I can't even read what you wrote let along get offended by it.
I agree that if she used her race to gain attention by lieing that i not ok.She is mentally not ok but calling her a cunt is crossing line.
Using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Using this slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Using the slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Can't decipher your point through all the anti-woman hate talk.
I understand you response but the choice of words  you use makes no one want to take you serious.
Using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Use of the words retard and retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this and no one here is making any sense.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your character.
I don't think addressing each other by using derogatory names will advance any kind of understanding.
Please review your words and say them in a way that doesn't express such abhorrence.
It's very hard for me to want to listen to your point of view when you use those words.
Your point of view becomes invalid when you use that word.
It's very hard to understand your point of view when you use that word.
I don't think regarding others with a derogatory word for a mental disability promotes understanding or intelligent conversation.
Please re-frame your thoughts so they aren't so hateful.
You'd have more success swaying people's opinions if you didn't use that word.
Watch the language. You're toeing a line.
Use of the c-word and insults here is not acceptable because it demeans women and is hurtful and offensive.
This language is misogynistic and disgusting.
Watch the language. This isn't appropriate.
I'm sure you're very proud of yourself but there's absolutely no reason to refer to women in that way
The use of that word is derogatory against women and will not be tolerated here due to our no hate speech policy.
I agree that what she did was heinous but there's no reason to potentially offend a bunch of females in your comment.
The use of that word is offensive against women and will not be tolerated here.
You using a person's gender as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are
Retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. Don\'t be that guy
Provoking discussions are surely more effective without using offensive slurs regarding the handicapped.
Retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. Don\'t be that guy
Calling someone this term doesn't make your argument better.
Consider the topic of discussion next time before resorting to hurtful slurs regarding the handicapped.
Retard" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. Don\'t be that guy
Perhaps examine your use of the word 'retardations
Retard" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. Don\'t be that guy
Better your argument or comment don't just call someone names.
Perhaps use a term more appropriate next time this is a slur against handicapped people.
Don't use that word! It's terribly offensive to women.
Do not use vuglar sexual terms when responding.
The c-word is not acceptable because of its offensive and hurtful nature that affects all women.
You should not use vulgar sexual terms when replying to others
The slang of the c-word is just not acceptable in decent conversation even if not meant to be offensive.
Don't ever say that word
Hey dont use a persons disability as an insult to others.
This r-word even if not intended to be offensive is hurtful - because it is associated with people who have disabilities
That's a terrible word
Do not use sexual terms as that when you post on this feed.
The c-words used here are just offensive and hurtful to women in general and this is not acceptable in our discourse.
That's rude towards gay people
Woah there! Avoid using offensive terms regarding sexual orientation.
The slang is offensive and harmful as it denigrates people with a sexual orientation other than yours.
Let's watch the language. This is a warning.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of Content Policy and User Agreement.
Use of "the r word" may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
This language isn't appropriate. Be careful.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Heyo
Using the c-word here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable.
I don't know what that word means. If you're not comfortable telling me what it means you shouldn't be using it.
Using the slur here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable.
Hey guys
Using the c-word here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable.
Using language like 'cunt' is inappropriate here. We can disagree with each other without being nasty.
Using the c-word here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable.
Being aggressive and hostile does not get to the heart of your argument. Make a real argument here so that we can address the true issue.
Please use words that are less abrasive and more encouraging.
Calling someone a 'white faggot' shows your own failings.
Please refrain from the distasteful remarks as they are offensive.
Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
I see you are upset but please express yourself with more friendly words.
Please show respect for others and use less hostility in your speech.
I perceive that you have some concerns but please use language that is less combative.
In the US we all get paid overtime after 40hrs unless you're salary I agree a 1 week vacation for all ft workers would be nice.
Rethink your words please and use utilize ones that are less quarrelsome.
Despite the subreddit this content is not appropriate. This is your only warning.
Stop using medical conditions as insults.
It boils down to women are leaving in record numbers now because we're able to live independently which wasn't the case 100 yrs ago.
Stop with the gender based insults and misogyny.
Stop insulting others due to political choices and medical conditions.
Next we need a law where if you're caught over and over lying about these things you go to jail.
There's no need for that language. This is a warning.
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
I don't understand why a great movie like Star Wars had to be ruined this way.
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
College kids are just misguided we shouldn't judge the entire future generation by a few bad eggs. They're still figuring things out.
The funny part is most of you guys making fun of students are college students yourselves.
Retarded" disparages the differently abled. Don\'t be that guy
Your use of the r-word undermines the rest of your argument.
n/a
n/a
He's right
Don't use words that are damaging to others' reputations please.
Feminists just want to be equal to men. If you are angry about it just be quiet. someone dying their hair pink shouldn't make you angry.
You can express yourself better by using the C word. Not as offensive.
Explain your thoughts in a way that is less contentious please.
You are using trivial words to get your point across. Try using the "big C" instead
I understand you have feelings that are quite emotionally charged but please use words that are not so sordid.
It clearly isn't against the rules here on reddit.
It is not appropriate to attack people based on their religious affiliation. Debate their ideals not their religion.
I think the word you meant to use is "stupidity
We shouldn't degrade people with disabilities in order to express our disagreement with someone else's actions or thoughts.
Men are believed all the time at their word. Which is one of the reasons these women have to speak up; the men have been believed all along.
It is completely inappropriate to degrade women based on their gender let alone using terms that are degrading to people with disabilities.
The use of the word "cunt" in unnecessary and is not acceptable in this forum.
The use of the word "cunt" is unnecessary and unacceptable in this forum.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
The use of the word "cunt" is unacceptable in this forum and unnecessary.
You using an entire race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
Using the words "nigger" and "autist" is not acceptable in this forum.
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Using the word "cunt" is not acceptable in this forum.
You need to keep the anger out of you conversation. Talk like adults to one another.
Alright. Let's try to keep the conversation adult.
You're putting some very nasty words in their mouth with no evidence.
You both are using language that are minimizing both your intelligence as well as your arguments.  Back off the language people will listen
There are other words that can be used here. African American for example.
Wow man you had me until the foul language.  Back off on that and we can continue the conversation.
I need to you find a different word that is not so derogatory.
That's a really ugly opinion to have
C'mon back off the language a bit and we can continue to discuss.  You point loses validity though when you drop those words.
We are adults. Try to use adult language to get your point across.
Referring to these women in that way (even if they are acting entitled) makes people less likely to take your comments seriously.
You two are a hoot. Saying you'd rather die than deal with difficult people because they are women. I hope you solve your issues
I need facts on why you think France contains all communists.. Name calling is a way to avoid giving facts to back up your belief.
Calling people uncivilized and using slurs in the same sentence takes away your credibility
I'm pretty sure if someone attempts (or commits) suicide it doesn't change their sexuality.
Says a lot that instead of making a detailed response all you can come up with is "kys faggot"
Let's not use that term since it insults women.
Using the slur here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Hey let's not bring the intellectually disabled into the discussion. That's an entirely different set of problems.
Using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Let's not bring the intellectually disabled into this.
Using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
While you have strong feelings on the subject please keep the language clean.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Please do not single out the mentally retarded. They're not the ones you're taking issue with here.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Please refrain from posting slurs and be instead be articulate with your strong feelings.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and/or sexual orientation in violation of Community Guidelines and TOS.
Personal insults don't help the debate of a topic at all.
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around
You don't know the reasoning why the sign was removed
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around
You're capable of making your point without belittling someone because they disagree with you.
Using the slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Use of the n-word to insult someone is bigoted and has no place in this conversation because it is so offensive.
This nonsense has no place around here.
The current divisions in our country aren't helped by attacks on each other... clean it up guys
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
I agree that a grown woman shouldn't be getting attention from children and knows better. Lock her up!
I don't think we can judge people's intelligence without knowing more...and labels are a bad idea
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
As a woman I can assure you we don't get equal pay. Every job I had
Careful with the labels...and I'm sure you'd agree that there are some smart people in all parties
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Please don't use that term as it is very offensive.
Please refrain from referring to others with derogatory language as there are better ways to get your point across
I'm sure you are able to express your dislike with more positive words.
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across.
Please don't use disrespectful terms for men or people with disabilities.
Rise above the hate by using non-hate filled language #stayabove
Your words reflect some opposition
Women deserve more respect than this term conveys.
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across.
There is no reason to use a term which offends disabled people.
Please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive
Suspend or ban any accounts that user foul language or have software that doesn't allow foul language along with monitoring for any sexism.
fuck off back to the middle east' is an attack on an ethnicity and is not constructive to the conversation.
The level of ignorance it takes to downplay the evil of the KKK is absolutely astounding
Monitor closely for any negative religious references along with banning members who use foul language in the subreddits.
It sounds like you are taking one bad experience with a former lover and automatically labeling all women as evil
Suspend accounts that use foul language and make any references to sexism and stereotypes associated with genders.
You are really making a lot of generalizations about another race and then complaining about racism. Seems pretty ironic
Suspend or issue warnings to any accounts that use excessive foul language and make stereotypes about specific races and cultures.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Yeah
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Hey guys
To use mental disability to call something stupid only shows how uneducated you are on retardation.
Please do not use offensive language when attacking others
Don't get so angry about it
Do not use someones disability as an insult.
Please refrain from attacking others for their opinions on sensitive subjects such as abortion.
Why call her queer when she probably isn't
Hey now! Please do not use that vulgar language on this site.
Please refrain from attacking others for their sexual orientation or using sexual orientation as an insult.
Please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language
I'd be more open to listening to your perspective if you didn't use that word.
Please remember if criticism is not constructive all your doing is making yourself look simple
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your character.
what about their behavior makes you define them as such? general statements close of conversation
I understand you have a point to make but it's very hard to take it seriously when you use that word.
devaluing humans with words like that devalue your point
You'd be more persuasive if you used a different word for that group.
Please explain what about them makes them lesser as the term you used implies? no one is lesser
Re--rd" and "sl-t" are offensive terms that should be avoided here.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Omit gender offensive language.  Refrain from belittling words especially when describing individuals.   Avoid sexually explicit language.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Avoid gender-offensive word(s).
Ret---ed" even as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Remove gender-offensive words.  Omit words that offend the disabled/handicapped.
Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Avoid indecent word(s) as references for describing individuals.
Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Avoid language that offends the handicapped and disabled. Avoid words that fuel religious animosity.
Please lose the ableist language in your comment.  It's not helping your argument and it makes the sub look bad.
Using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
The hateful ableist language in your comment overshadows the point you're trying to make
Using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please refrain from using the hateful ableist language in your comment.  It really doesn't help your argument or add to the conversation
Using the r-word here hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race and/or disability which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please lose the hateful ableist and sexist language in these comments.  It does nothing but detract from the conversation you're having
Using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Clean up your language. It will show your intelligence.
Another sign of this being a toxic community is the flagrant use of slurs. Stop it.
While I appreciate lively political discussion I don't think the intellectually disabled should be brought into it. Especially with slurs.
Try to keep the derogatory language to a minimum. It's not needed to express yourself clearly.
Hey let's not bring the intellectually disabled into this. And let's not use the idea of a vagina as an insult please.
Your language and points that you bring up show a lack of character.
I am not entirely sure how I feel about feminism but I am sure that we shouldn't use hurtful words or call anyone names.
Try not to use words like "c***" they show a lack of character.
I agree that it is wise to be aware of things and obtain knowledge but I do not believe the use of harsh names is necessary.
Your language shows a lack of character.
It's sad what some people are driven to do but I do not believe calling them hurtful names and belittling them is not the answer
Everyone has an opinion and we need to treat each other with dignity and respect without using derogatory terms.
This is definitely a complex issue but I believe name calling and hurtful speech never solved any disagreement.
If your goal is to have a conversation with people
Arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around
While I support your judgements of hate crimes being wrong calling people intellectually disabled perpetuates the climate that causes them.
Hey
No sense in the degenerate namecalling.
Actually being disabled is a protective class! In that we are human and it's morally wrong to hurt us! Or to use us as insults!
Hey guys let's stop stigmatizing the intellectually disabled by using the R word. We want this to be a place we can be proud of.
Please don't use the r-word in your posts. Intellectual disabilities are not rare and that word makes you look less intelligent.
Wow buddy you've got a lot of aggression there. Women should be allowed to have whatever attitudes they want towards sex without shaming.
Such hateful and sexist remarks serve no use. These are real people and real victims. Show some respect.
Hey women wanting equal rights does not equal Nazism. Also be kinder to the mentally ill.
Let's act like adults and not resort to hateful name calling.
Assaulting anyone is not only a crime but morally wrong. No one wants to be hit so let's all be kind to each other today.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs as an insult towards others.
Please refrain from using derogatory language when speaking about others.
My son was given a partial and as a woman I didn't know the difference. He hates it now that he's older.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult as well as speaking negatively about an entire gender.
The Prisoner of Azkaban isn't funny at all.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Please refrain from using racial slurs when commenting on this platform.
Yea it's getting to the point of signing a consent to talk to a stranger
Your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Please refrain from using racial slurs on this platform.
I don't think calling one of the main character out for being really fucking stupid adds much to your argument.
Using mental disability as the butt of a joke is a low tier accomplishment that middle schoolers achieve regularly
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
These slurs are hateful and offensive ways to describe people and lower the discourse.
Use of the c-word is not acceptable as it offends women because of its hurtful nature.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Please take a moment to read these people's stories and consider their pain.
Using broad hurtful strokes against groups... any group... hurts individuals
I can see that you are hearing people's opinions but you're making an effort not to internalize them.
Generalizations are always dangerous things in any discussion and hurtful labels never help matters
The poor Simpsons!  I love that show. I don't care it's always a good laugh; humor at it's finest.
This is a pretty extreme conclusion to jump to especially in support of that idea.
I feel like it makes you more comfortable to assume that women are stupid than that they have concerns.
Hurtful labels hurt good people...and don't help the conversation along
You're oversimplifying violence to make a political point.
Hurtful labels hurt lots of good people remember...and not worth the weak chuckle it might give you
Let's rephrase how you described their logic.
5. That's a slur stop it. 7. You're not a psychiatrist stop pretending you get to diagnose people with autism.
That word is derogatory towards women--let's rephrase.
Gendered inflammatory language has nothing to do with this incident
Try saying that again without the slurs.
Stop pretending people you disagree with have a mental disability.
Offensive language based on disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Hurtful labels hurt lots of people remember
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Hurtful generalizations and labels hurt good people remember
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Sexual slurs don't help any conversation
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
The slurs don't help any conversation and would be best left out
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
The generalizing slurs aren't helping your point...your comment would be a lot better without them
Using the "c---" term may offend women and so should be avoided.
Please don't use an offensive and derogatory term to xpress your opinion.  This is wrong and has no place in our society.
This forum does not tolerate offensive language.
"Ret---ed" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here.
The use of offensive language is prohibited.
Using the "c---" term may offend women and so should be avoided.
Offensive words are strictly prohibited.
"Ret---ed" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here.
Offensive words are prohibited on this website.
"Ret---ed" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here.
Please don't use the r-word in your posts. Intellectual disabilities are not rare and it is offensive.
Name calling leads to nothing but confusion on the actual premise of the comment.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
The foul language shows a lack of knowledge as to what the topic is about.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
The foul language used has greatly taken away the point of the discussion.
Using the word retarded is hurtful for people with mental disabilities.
I hear people use that word to disparage a lot on here. Not sure why it's so popular.
Yes because making fun of disabilities is cool...
Using the word retarded is offensive to people with mental disabilities.
I hear people use that word to disparage a lot on here. Not sure why it's so popular.
Using the word retarded is offensive to people with mental disabilities.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
The word retard is used too often when you can't find an appropriate way to fight against something or someone
Using the term retard is offensive to people with actual mental disabilities.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this. So sad that people use that to insult.
This is your grandmother. I still don't know how this reddit thing works
Cultural appropriation is a serious issue that steals cultural identity. This comment is just bombastic and no culture is involved.
I gave up dressing up as Strawberry Shortcake only a year ago.
I care about what they don't like. And furthermore
Let's refrain from language like that and listen to the other posters.
I don't agree with the removal. That is part of history regardless of it being negative or positive it's history.
Hey
Forgetting your apartment FOB is not a crime or a reason to die.
She was wrong but if he was actually a criminal she would of stopped a crime in it's tracks. This conversation wouldn't be happening.
You can't remove words from their meanings and history
Even if that was common on another site that terminology is not encouraged or acceptable to use.
FIFA Pro's should know better and act more mature than that.
It's a woman's place to comment about women's issues.
I got to say I do like how Jordan Petersen doesn't hold back on commenting.
Call her anything but the C word that word is fowl
I hope you realize that word is very offensive to some.
Retarded should not be used in this context it is offensive to those who are truly retarded.  Faggy talk there is no such thing.
Nobody can focus on your arguments when every other word seemingly is derogatory.
I hate the "c" word.  There are so many other descriptors out there that are not vile or offensive.  Call her a bitch.
I totally get your point but back off a little on the harsh language.  Your argument becomes diluted by using those words.
Your argument was solid and I completely agreed with you.  You shift the focus from your points onto you though when you use words like that
There really is no reason to use the 'r' word like this
The 'r' word is offensive and shouldn't be used even as a joke
Women don't play doctor. They go through the same training and have the same knowledge as male doctors.
If you were a doctor that actively believed in what he was doing the Hippocratic oath would not be null and void.
There were better words you could have chosen instead of the 'r' word
The name calling makes people lose sight of who is being discussed.
No use in using hateful language doesn't add to your argument
Even sarcastically using hate speech only detracts from your argument
Using homophobic slurs doesn't make anyone look intelligent
The name calling shows a lack of vocabulary skills.
Use of "the r word" may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Ableist slurs don't make any sense in this conversation.
"D--bag" and "c--t" are offensive and bigoted terms and should not be used in political discourse.
Doesn't make sense to use offensive language to get your point across.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here.
Using ableist slurs isn't adding anything to the conversation.
The "n word"" is demeaning offensive and so does not belong here.
Using the term "c--t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
No reason for that sort of offensive language.
Using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
my mouth does not belong down there 9/11 was not a joke
This term shouldn't be used as an insult.  It's offensive towards women
Using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
They stand up for every human being.
That term is derogatory towards mentally challenged people and shouldn't be used as an insult
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Broadcasting is everyone's right and you can not comment on refugee as Canada is a country made my refugees.
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
I have said enough and i don't have any hidden motive so let a man go of with some dignity
Using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
There was a reason for this censorship and you can read it all about it on the news.
Really no one has the right to tell someone else how many children they can or can't have.
This speech attacks women
This term can be viewed as misogynist in itself.
Calling women names and saying they aren't physically fit enough to do work in a field environment is incredibly ignorant.
Avoid using the term "cunts" it is considered offensive regardless of the context.
Please refrain from using the word "cunt."  Many find it offensive regardless of the context.
Calling an entire group mentally disabled because they don't agree with your beliefs is beyond ignorant
Please refrain from using the term "retards."  Many find it offensive regardless of the context.
Calling somebody retarded instead of actually attacking their points makes it obvious you don't have any strong response
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Ableist language is insensitive. Enough so that you will receive an IP ban if you continue to use it.
Sexist language is not accepted here. Keep that in mind in the future if you would like to keep your account active.
Using the slurs here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people.
Neither ableist nor sexist language are acceptable here. Both of you have received your warning.
Using the slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates homosexuals.
Keep the homophobia off this site or face a permanent ban.
Stop using gender based insults.
I wouldn't say a person who like sex in public is a sex offender. That is pushing it.
Stop using a gender based insult.
This was a very good lesson she can take into adulthood with her.
Stop using gender based and medical conditions as an insult.
She was wrong but at her age she doesn't understand why probably. I blame the parents for the way she was raised.
Stop using gender based insults.
It is awful that she still wanted to go on this trip after killing her friend.
Stop using racist insults.
Maybe I am old but memes just don't do much for me. I try to use them but it's kind of childish.
You should try to keep the conversation civil.
Using derogatory language about women doesn't help support your argument
Using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations
You can use other language to describe women you don't like. Try it!
Try Stupid person or dumb person
Bad choice of insensitive language which is derogatory to women and is definitely not necessary.
I'm not sure all women should be grouped into being the same group as that's sexist and talk of abuse should not be happening anywhere.
Some of the worst jokes I have heard referencing roasting women and saying that they treat men like dogs just is not funny.
This makes you seem like you look down on people with mental disabilities instead of looking like a valid opinion.
Trying to make an argument whilst using such offensive language just does not work cut it out.
Hey! You can state an opinion without using such language. Go ahead and give it try. You'll see it's easy to comment kindly.
Disagree with a person but no violence here.
That's a bit aggressive but I get why you're upset. We should probably take a step back and see the situation from another perspective.
You're judging a book by a cover. Stop.
You are right; It is often bad to judge a book by it's cover. However sometimes our natural instinct to do so is correct in it's assumption
A body part has nothing to do with this conversation.
Using offensive language doesn't really make you seem intelligent.
I know she is annoying but calling her such would just be an impression of myself not hers
Suicide is a very real issue. I don't care if it's men or women we're all human.
Using offensive language isn't contribution.
Disgusting I know but she must had been mentally sick.
Good because I was abused by my ex-husband. The thought of killing my kids to leave never crossed my mind.
Using offensive language doesn't help your case.
It could be but we cannot correct a wrongdoing by another incorrect behavior.
Police should act more respectful and professional.
Cops need to start being more professional it's out of control.
Maybe you don't like the perspective
Ableist slurs aren't a great look.
I am sure you feel big and strong talking like that but you sound like a bad comedian
Edgy racism is not nearly as funny as you think it is please grow up.
Well I suppose he won he got $6m. Lets move on.
Yeah definitely no issues of your own to work out. Get therapy.
Only write the first part of your answer the point is still made
If the c word is left out the sentiment stays the same
Please use language that is respectful toward women and minorities.
The last word is offensive and irrelevant to the point
Please use language that is respectful toward different abilities.
The word is not needed and could be omitted
Please use language that is respectful toward different abilities.
Replace the word with women or girl and it is not offensive
Offensive language based on disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Offensive language based on race and disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Mentally challenged people have good hearts more than others without disabilities.
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
There is no solid proof that Hillary Clinton lead us straight into Iraq and Libya on false pretenses
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
$20 an hour is not below minimum wage.
Using the word retarded as an insult because you disagree with someone is not acceptable.
Calling someone names in anger never solves any problems.
Making jokes that refer to disabilities are not acceptable or cool.
Using an acronym doesn't mean it doesn't hurt someone
Woman hating how original... /s
Racist views are hurtful and derogatory. Please be considerate of others when posting
Hurtful terms don't really help the conversation
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that thought.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Hurtful terms don't really move this conversation along
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that kind of point of view. How sad.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Good people in all groups
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this. Do better.
Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
"Ret--d(s)" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families.
It is funny because I recall in school being taught girls were smarter. I don't think it really matters either way..
"Re--ded" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families.
Tw-ts" is a sexist and offensive term and does not have a place in political discourse.
If a woman is weak I don't think she would be going shopping or even need a bra fitting.
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
"Fa--ot" as used is patently offensive; the term should be avoided.
I wonder if there was a video or police cam on this one. Might be interesting to watch.
Both "tw-ts" and "c--t" used here to refer to women are offensive and should be avoided.
I just heard he got his ex-wife pregnant. Not sure if it's true but then that throws out the never getting married again theory.
We shouldn't make mockery of people's disability please.
I'd be more apt to agree with your point if you didn't use that word.
Being middle-eastern does not make them terrorists. Please check your racism bigotry and mysogynism at the door
Everything is wrong with this I don't know if I can even try to begin to tell you what you said wrong.
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
"Cocksuckers" is offensive and while colorful does not impart exactly your reason for disparaging this person
"Retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being disparaging for the differently abled. However moronic and idiotic have no stigma
To begin with learn different words for stupid and second well I cant even begin on your views of 14 year olds.
"Faggot" is no longer socially acceptable after having been a disparaging word for a group that\'s severely persecuted in history
Then maybe Reddit isn't for you.
Why do you have to use such a demeaning and derogatory term? You could have expressed your opinion using some other language
Would be easier to respect your opinion without the ableist slur.
Women's parts are not something that should be used as an insult
Why do you have to use such a derogatory and demeaning term? you could express your opinion with different language.
I see you delight in others's pain. Your mother must be proud of you. Especially with how you refer to women.
Derogatory terms are unnecessary just be friendly to other people
Sad that you think using derogatory slurs is funny.
Can't really respect your opinion when you think it's okay to use derogatory language like that.
Please do not use language and phrases that are demeaning to women.
It is never okay to use slurs against other people. You can dislike her all you would like but don't be rude.
Please do not use language that is demeaning to those with disabilties or women.
Making fun of people with disabilities to get your point across is not okay. There's also other words instead of slurs against women to use.
Using the slur here hurts and demeans gays alienates and is not acceptable.
Says a lot about you that you can't just use the proper term
Using the slur here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable.
So many words that could have been used instead of just calling them retarded
Using the c-word here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable.
All of your comments along with feeling the need to call them a cunt is really telling about the type of person you are
You need to improve your language.  Derogatory/demeaning terms are not needed to get your point across so please stop using them.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
This language is unnecessary.  You could have passed on over this post and never even used the language that you did.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Using the c-word and calling people whores is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Its he said vs she said so you shouldn't just flat out insult these women. Two sides to every story.
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with disabilities.
Well the great thing about a TV show is that you can turn it off. No biggie.
Using the slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Calm down friend its just bad reporting.
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Times do look crazy at the moment but don't add to it.
Using retarded as an insult is hateful to many people and unacceptable for use here.
You\'re not really doing yourself any favor using the word "faggot". It just makes you look ignorant.
The insult faggots regarding the LGBTQ community is hateful and unacceptable on this forum
The thing you disagree with her about has nothing to do with her being a female.
Similarities aside saying a violent fascist group is the same as a group calling itself anitfa for "anti fascist" is just wrong.
Using retarded as an insult is unacceptable hate speech do not use it.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
This a downright offensive slur that demeans all woman and this should be obvious to you.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
This is a slur that is cheap and offensive and lowers the discourse.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Stop using gender based insults.
Using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Stop gender bashing.
Using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Stop gender bashing.
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Don't put down people for their political choices or medical conditions.
Please refrain from making personal attacks on others wether or not you agree with their actions.
Using ableist slurs don't make you seem very intelligent.
I feel bad for the elderly. Especially those without family to help them.
Offensive language doesn't really belong in any intelligent conversation.
Not really. I have a 4 year degree and I cannot find work. Either they say I'm overqualified or they just don't hire me.
YouTube changed the copyright policies and everybody lost money including them.
Using offensive slurs don't really add to the conversation.
Poor guy was assaulted for doing the moral thing; terrible.
Judging someone by their belief system only makes the situation worse as everyone is entitled to their own opinion.
Using homophobic slurs isn't helping prove any point.
Everyone is different in their own unique ways.
Please refrain from using terms that have a derogatory connotation regarding sexual orientation.
You should try to watch other films if this one only brings hate out of you.
Please refrain from using terms that have a derogatory connotation regarding sexual orientation.
She has a name.
Please refrain from using terms that have a derogatory connotation regarding gender.
Your opinion is hard to take seriously when it's laced with ableist slurs.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this. You seem like an irrationally angry person.
Using misogynistic language doesn't help get your point across.
You seem obsessed with women
Using ableist slurs doesn't really help any point you're trying to make.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Abuse comes in many forms and it doesn't matter if you're a man or woman.
There's really no reason to be using misogynistic slurs in any commentary.
I'd love to hear what your mom thinks of that
I don't think anyone can make a claim like this without strong data to back it up.
This statement is not backed up by science.
Hey poor white people don't deserve to be criticized without warrant. They have enough problems.
It sounds like you're the bitter one to me. And please don't use hate speech.
Stop using gender based insults and promoting violence.
Use of the c-word and violent language here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans women.
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Stop using medical conditions and sexual choices as insults.
Use of the slur here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates homosexuals.
Calling someone names doesn't give a good impression of them only an impression of the user of the name calling.
Stop using sexual and political choices as insults.
Use of the slurs here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates homosexuals (even if you are bisexual).
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Don't use a medical condition as an insult.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Don't use gender based insults.
Imagined being so bad at life that seeing people being beaten is the highlight of your day.
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Right whatever you need to tell your brain to convince yourself that women can never be right.
Using gender as the butt of a joke is a low tier accomplishment that middle schoolers achieve regularly
If you feel strongly about an issue put your efforts into solving the problem
Please refrain from the ableist language in your comments.  It's not helping your argument or adding anything to the debate in this thread
Maybe you could put together another means of paying respects to these men instead of spending your time to bad mouth her.
Using sexist language in your comment isn't benefiting your argument and it's not adding anything productive to the sub's conversation
I agree it's stupid but I think we can do better than using a word that disparages the differently abled.
I think ridiculous would be a better description.
The ableist language you're using in your comment is not adding anything remotely productive to the thread.  Please refrain in the future
I think the term alt-right is vague and I can see how the journalist classified you as such
I think you could find better ways to say you don't agree.
Please refrain from using the ableist language you've used in your comment.  It adds nothing to your argument or the conversation
Not sure what anyone is hoping to accomplish with the disrespectful comments. Seems there are a lot better ways to get your point across.
Using the ableist language you've included in your comment is not adding to the debate in the thread in any way.
You can express your opinion without using offensive language.
Please express your opinion without using offensive language.
A term used in this post has been deemed as offensive and unacceptable to use on this site.
Do not use language that is hateful and completely disparages an entire group of people.
Do not use language that offends half of our population to make your point.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult when speaking about others.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs when speaking about others especially the LGTB community itself.
Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
Perhaps reconsider using the word 'faggot' next time.
Such slurs have no place in our conversation because this denigrates homosexuals.
Use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
Consider why certain words here could be deemed offensive I'm certain that was not the aim of your point.
Use of the r-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with a disability.
Considered whether offensive and accusatory language is really appropriate here.
Use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women..
I'm not sure a hateful slur was really necessary to make this point.
Use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Stop with the gender bashing and medical condition insults.
Offensive language is not necessarily in this discussion.  Each of you have opinions that can be expressed without using these terms.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this. Do better.
Violent language against people with disabilities does nothing to further your argument it just makes you sound ignorant.
They shouldn't of gotten rid of Chuck in the first place. No way anyone can do better than he did.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Spitting on anyone is just so disrespectful. But I don't think it should be a reason to fire someone.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this.
Using language that is violent towards people with disabilities does nothing for your argument it just makes you sound ignorant.
Nobody needs to be hit. The lady should of acted like an adult and been respectful of others. We are losing this in the USA.
This language is violent and unnecessary. Using slurs does nothing for your argument except make you seem ignorant.
Mad max can be far right and still have his own desires behind closed doors.
Is that any way to talk to a stranger user? Keep that kind of language on 4chan
Please we are both fortunate enough to be able to pay for dinner lets move on.
There's no need to use ableist language. You made your point clear without it. This is your warning before earning a suspension.
It is a good perspective on how woman feel regardless of who they are or what they suffer with.
Here's a reminder for you--don't use hate speech in your posts if you want to keep your account active.
Re---ds" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
That term has been offensive for years pretending you don't know that won't protect you from an IP ban if you continue using it.
It is considered morally incorrect to refer to mentally retarded people in that way so I would prefer that we didn't.
Hard to understand what you're trying to say when you use nothing but offensive language.
You know that less people will pay attention to you when you use language like that.
Hard to take you seriously when you think it's okay to use offensive language like that.
You point is valid but you lose some credibility when you use language like that.
Using offensive slurs like that makes it hard to take anyone seriously.
You all are making valid points to some degree but its getting lost in all of the vulgarity.
You're not strengthening your argument by using slurs
Following the law isn't about upholding old cultural norms. It's about respect. For everyone.
It's not a good look to use that kind of language just to insult a reviewer you don't like.
Instead of Jason and his journalism others out there are serving us bettter.
You're kind of making her point for her by acting like this.
Sounds like you are a bit jealous.  Sounds like you could do with a bit of attention.
Any little blue pill popping man will make even the prettiest girl act up.
Please do not respond to other users using sexually vulgar language
It's hard to take you seriously when you use derogatory language like that.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Please do not use vulgar language when posting on here.
Hey now you can get your point across with out using that sexually vulgar language.
Cultural appropriation despite the beliefs here is a thing. Whether it's bad is up for debate but I know slurs are. Stop it.
I agree that everyone is entitled to their opinion but I do not believe that using hateful language is a good way to get a point across.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and so are all other insults here.
Regardless if a woman is blameless I don't think that hurtful and vulgar language is an appropriate response.
Use of the c-word is hurtful spiteful and completely unacceptable as it is derogatory against women.
Please don't use the r-word in your posts. It is offensive to the millions of people with intellectual disabilities and their families.
I think asking questions is a great way to gain knowledge but using improper english is not always the most tactful thing.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Although it may have been deserved I don't think name-calling or using hurtful words is very productive.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable in decent discourse as it denigrates women.
Name calling only shows the characteristics of the person doing it.
Calling her that will not make you feel better about yourself.
Attempting to read something with so much foul language and find the point of view is nearly impossible.
It really shouldn't bother you so much if a he does turn into a she says more about you than them.
Name calling in no way shows the characteristics of that person but it speaks volumes about the one doing the name calling.
I seriously doubt that this person is mentally diminished.
The use of foul language shows a lack of actual information.
Im pretty sure your mother would not share the same views as you on this matter.
Using the foul language and suggestions of certain behavoirs makes the point of conversation disappear.
You disagree with feminism because the power structure plays to your interests. That does not mean it's inherently unintelligent.
No news editor should ever say diversity isn't strength. Our entire country is built on diversity.
Last I checked
I could never tell my grandmother she couldn't say anything.
Refrain from using offensive comments regarding sexual terms.
Men know what consent is. They also understand when they're using slurs towards intellectual disability. You know what you're doing. Stop it
Men know when a woman is consenting or not. That is just a way to get out of trouble.
Please dont use a persons disability as a term for an insult.
The problem you're talking about isn't a problem. It is the result of being together a long time and what marriage is built on.
Avoid using offensive terms regarding females in your response.
Maybe you would have more cordial relations with women if you didn't refer to them using slurs.
No man should ever leave a woman in harms way of an assault. I don't care how rich or poor she is or arrogant.
Woah watch your language when responding to posts. Do not use cultural or sexual orientation as an insult to others.
Using the slurs and hate here to insult hurts and demeans wpomen and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Just because I think different from you it does´s mean you have to say those things
What the woman did was awful
Using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
That´s your point of view relax
Maybe you are right but I don´t think that is the whole true
Using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans and is not acceptable in our conversations.
You don´t know the reality of every people. No one can affirm anything
Using the c-word here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable.
That language is completely unnecessary and should not be used to express your opinion
Don't use a medical condition to insult others.
Using the r-word here hurts and demeans people with mental disabilities alienates and is not acceptable.
Please do not use that term it is offensive to people with disabilities and has no place in daily conversation
Please don't use a medical condition as an insult.
Using the r-word here hurts and demeans people with mental disabilities alienates and is not acceptable.
Please do not use that term it is derogatory and offensive to people with actual disabilities and has no place being used in conversation.
Using the c-word and slur here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable.
Why would you want to use such fowl language to comment on something that has nothing to do with your life?
Using the slurs here hurts and demeans people other than you alienates and is not acceptable.
Yeah this is definitely going on r/AsABlackMan...
That word was used as a derogatory term for slaves and has no place in society today regardless of what color your skin is it should never
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Please do not use that word as an insult to someone that is unfair to the people that have disabilities
Please use language that is respectful of the differently abled.
You used a word that is hate speech toward people with disabilities and that will not be tolerated here.
Please use language that is respectful of different sexual orientations.
That word is offensive toward the LGBT community and will not be tolerated here.
The use of that word is derogatory toward women and will not be tolerated.
Please use language that is respectful of women.
I understand the anger especially if she is an animal abuser but the use of hate speech (including toward women) is not tolerated.
Yeah she's going to prison
This type of rhetoric is derogatory towards targeted groups and the point can be made without these words.
How original an insult... /s
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
It might be outlandish but let's keep the conversation civil. We're all entitled to our opinions.
This type of rhetoric is derogatory and the point can be made without these words. Please refrain from using such terms.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this. That's low.
I'm so tired of that word. Everyone has abilities and inabilities. Some men are louder to make up for other limits. We don't announce it!!
These derogatory terms such as "retard" and "arseface" are very uncalled for. Please watch your language.
Use more gender appropriation avoid slang and deragotory gender pronouns and descriptors.  Avoid harsh and aggressive adjectives and slang.
Feminists are just human beings fighting for their human rights. Please refrain from using the term in a negative context.
Avoid using term 'feminists
Women are not objects so you should not refer to them as such especially when talking about intercourse.
Avoid sexually explicit language.  Refrain from deragatory/slang pronouns to identify gender.
Ummm
"Bint" is a very hurtful derogatory term that should not be used to describe women. That was uncalled for.
"Retard" is a derogatory term and is an insult to mentally ill people. You should not be using that word with a negative connotation.
Avoid deragatory language.  Refrain from curse words when describing individuals.  Omit offensive language towards handicap.
The concern here is that real women are getting hurt this isn't a rhetorical exercise.
Stop using medical conditions as insults.
I don't think that you had any purpose to saying this except to insult people.
Stop using sexual choices as an insult.
Stop using gender based insults.
Considering the history of harm against gay people you should think twice before using this as a joke.
Stop using medical conditions and sexual choices as insults.
If you want to be taken seriously in this argument you shouldn't continue to use your reflexive insults.
Stop picking on political choices and bashing people for their gender.
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
How original an insult... /s
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Wow hateful
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings
I think it is more of a mental disorder to constantly cut others' down to prove your point.
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Even though she did something horrible we don't need to lower ourselves a level by calling her names.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
It is not a good idea to use the word retarded to describe people with different views if you want to be taken seriously.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
We should respect people with mental disabilities and not use derogatory terms to describe other things.
Hard to respect anything you have to say when you think it's okay to use ableist slurs.
Talking about women this way may be why you are having trouble connecting with them.
You might've had a good point
Regarding human connection this cynically is not going to help you to be happy in life.
One of you is wrong and one of you is right and both of you need to stop using offensive language towards women.
Using offensive language doesn't really help get any sort of point through.
These comments are clearly made only to upset people and you should take a look at people having a healthy conversation around you.
What a heinous and disgusting thing to say. I hope one day you grow up and learn to have shame.
Using misogynistic language isn't really helping anyone respect your opinion.
If you are worried about protecting girls you shouldn't be using sexist language.
There's no reason to use language like that just because you're upset. Think about all the women you're offending.
Using homophobic slurs isn't adding to the discussion.
It might be best to consider why these ideologies are received negatively instead of feeling victimized.
It makes no sense to use a term that is so highly offensive in this context. Reddit has a diverse user base and is not full of homosexuals.
People that have autism don't choose to have it and you should choose respect for people choose your words wisely
Please do not use mental illness as an insult when referring to others
Please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language when referring to others.
They don't deserve ridicule they need support
Please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language in comments.
There is not a reason in the universe for genocide. These people cannot help they were born and live where they do.
Please refrain from advocating genocide and using derogatory language as well as mental illnesses as insults.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
this language doesn't support anyone's argument bad people are bad people but not all women are involved here
What does this language add to anyone's argument stereotyping doesn't belong here
even if you don't agree with it using that kind of language and hate speech just perpetuates it and doesn't help your argument
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
how does this contribute to any argument it's unnecessary hate speech
Let's avoid this kind of language.
Defining someone by their gender and sexuality shows your narrow mindedness as people act out of their perceived norms all the time
Why do you have to use such offensive language to express your opinion? Those words should never be used to describe another person
I realize you're quoting...somebody
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Let's try to avoid this kind of language in the future. I understand you're quoting a movie
Please don't use offensive and derogatory terms to express your opinion about something this trivial.
I don't think there is a rape culture
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Putting others down and using foul language makes others not take the comments seriously.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Calling someone names shows how little of a person they truly are.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Calling someone such a despicable name shows the world your lack of intelligence.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
With all the name calling it is easy for someone to lose sight of whatever point the commenter was attempting to make.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
More moderators to monitor misogyny and a button that the harassed can use to  keep users who have harassed them from commenting to them.
Most women are perfectly wonderful don't generalize your feelings to all of them
Moderators can discourage useless comments that don't add anything to the conversation.
"Re---d" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
"Fa--ot" as used here causes offense to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary.
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
"Ret--ded" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
"B--ch" and "c--t" are hateful terms and detract from intelligent discourse. They should be avoided.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
Feminists is an acceptable term but probably using cunt is too much.
While I agree should we consider we would get a lot more agreement without the c words?
I don't understand what the gay community has to do with your disagreement with this person.
we can have a mature discussion without calling names. let us all be adults here.
We might get further intellectually if we get gone with the name calling. Worth a try?
This is exactly the problem. That word is highly offensive to many females. There's just no need.
we can have different opinion but we can state that without being too emotional
We were doing well until the lazy **** though/ I know it was meant conversationally but it really takes away from all. Make sense?
To answer the question of this thread--yes it is offensive in this use. Now that you've been warned further use could lead to suspension
Calling someone names is a sign of ignorance.
Using sexist language is not acceptable. Try actually contributing something next time. Such hate speech will just lead to suspensions.
Calling someone names is a sign of ignorance.
Misrepresenting an article won't lead to a ban but using sexist language can. Next time don't risk it and keep such language off the site.
You are making far too many generalizations with no evidence to back up your claims.
There's a lot to unpack here but the gist of it is this--using sexist language will lead to a ban in the future.
Women aren't foreign creatures they are human same as you.
If you can't express your feelings without using sexist language
She may be evil but using language like that takes away from your statement.
Cease the painful comments to others who are innocent.
The insult you used intends to hurt a specific group of people and is hateful
Tell me how you feel but leave out the damaging remarks.
Automatically dismissing women's opinions is extremly inapropriate. You are taking down half of the population because you do not understand
Let me hear your feelings without the degrading speech.
I don't know that I'd go quite that far but yes it was a silly thing of them to say.
Please do not use that vulgar term when describing others.
I don't think it's necessarily good to classify people like that. But I understand the point.
Do not use a disability as an insult to others.
Automod was dumb
I think it might be a bit wrong to refer to a nationality like that.
Woah! There is no place for that language here. Do not use those terms again.
I don't think that is a good thing to call them.
Please avoid using that term regarding a mental disability
This is an interesting perspective but it's hard to digest when you use a word like that.
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities.
You'd get your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use that word.
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities.
It's very hard to understand your point of view when you use that word.
Using 'retards' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities.
I understand the point you're trying to make
Using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women.
Using the word 'twat' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Use of the slur used here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women.
The thing is with lawsuits is that the victims never really get enough of the money. It is wasted on lawyers and specialists.
Everything you have said is somewhat acceptable other than using the r word for no reason.
I see that you were quoting someone
Both sides are out of control. Just like with racism there is no reason anymore in 2019 to have such a divide!
You're doing a good enough job making yourself look bad using language like that. Keep sexist language off the site or be banned.
Men have a right to stick up for themselves but honestly both genders need to just stop and get along again.
So rude without any reason! Let's move forward with some more positive dialogue.
Racism/homophobia are unacceptable. Continue to use the language or perpetuate the stereotypes seen in this thread and you'll be permabanned
Eating dogs might be acceptable in other countries but in America that isn't something we do openly.
This is a dumb joke and this entire thread should stop.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
You using a person's gender as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
I wouldn't drag people with disabilities like that. Do better.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
The more name calling I use the more right I am" -You
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
To use sexuality an of insult is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Stop using sexual choice as an insult.
1. inadequate expression :"shit track"\n2. inadequate expression:"screaming faggot"
Stop using sexual choice as an insult.
1. inadequate expression :"dyke rage"
It isn't funny or edgy to behave this way
Stop using medical conditions and sexual choices as insults.
1. inadequate expression : "some retards"\n3. inadequate expression: "stop oppressing me faggot !"\n5. inadequate expression: "to choke you"
Hey
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
2. inadequate word and expression: "Dumbass. Retarded fucking dumbass."\n4. inadequate expression: "Dimwit. Retarded fucking"
1. inadequate expression:"but racist taddle tales do"\n2. inadequate expression: "the black chick"\n3. inadequate expression: "kid retarded"
It's possible to have a conversation without resorting to slurs.
You'd get your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use those words.
Let's calm down on the slurs.
I understand the point you're trying to make but it would be more effective if you didn't use that word.
Heeeyy...you can find something else a little better to say than that word!
It's very hard for me to want to listen to your point of view when you use that word.
That's offensive to those who are mentally handicapped.
When you use words like those it reflects poorly on your character.
People sometimes get lower paying jobs while going to school or in-between higher paying jobs everyone deserves to have food on the table.
Use of the word moron and retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
You're throwing a really wide net to say the entire fourth largest continent in the world is a hell hole for people who are men.
There are women who are capable of loving someone just as there are men.  On the other hand there are people who are incapable of feeling.
Use of the c-word is offensive and derogatory towards women.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
The use of the c-word sullies the discussion here; use of this word is derogatory towards all women and not acceptable.
Hate speech isn't very attractive!  I think we can find more positive ways and words of expressing ourselves!
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care.
Attacking people based on race is unacceptable hate speech (even if done jokingly). Please debate with ideas not insults.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Please do not use slurs based on disabilities (e..g the "r" word). Your argument should be able to stand without it.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
Using slurs based on mental health (the "r" word) is considered hate speech. Please make your arguments without using on them.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Please refrain from referring to one's national origin
Attacking someone by using ableist slurs is no way to have an argument.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Please knock off the name calling.  You can express your opinion without using derogatory remarks that are incredibly offensive.
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Using the word 'cunt'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Using the language "Stupid cunt" is an attack on women and you should not continue to say this.
More appropriate words to use are "mentally handicapped" and "homosexual"
Please refrain from using language classified as hate speech in your posts including homophobic misogynistic or ableist insults.
Just because you don't understand someones sexual orientation gives you no right to insult them in the manner that you have.
More appropriate words to use are "homosexuals" and do not use the word \'degenerates\'
Please refrain from using language that could be classified as hate speech in this case homophobic insults. It adds nothing to the convo
a more appropriate word to use is 'technohomosexuals''
Please refrain from using hateful and homophobic language in your comments.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation.
the word 'homosexual' is more appropriate to use but shouldn't be used either in this case.
Let's refrain from using hateful speech in this case misogynistic and homophobic insults.  It adds nothing to the conversation of the sub.
While I understand you guys are frustrated these words are hurtful to people that aren't your intended target.
"Ret--d" and its variants offend many and must be avoided here.
Using "tw-t" to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
You made a very well-reasoned argument up until your unnecessarily sexist last sentence then you lost me.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
Must we add insult to injury in regard to mentally and physically challenged folks by comparing them to Trump?
"Ret---ed"  as used here is patently offensive; it should be avoided.
Ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Hey this conversation has nothing to do with handicapped people.
People sometimes will interpret things in a way you don't like. Don't cry 'unintelligent' when it could just be a difference in opinion.
C--t" and "re--rd" are offensive and hateful terms; please avoid using them in this forum.
You're trying to confirm your own biases and being unnecessarily harsh because of it.
It's better to assume ignorance than malice true but it's also better not to use slurs to refer to ignorance. See it as a teaching moment.
Ret--d" used here unfairly targets the mentally disabled and their families.
I wish you could meet the people that you hurt with this kind of langugae.
I doubt that blogger is as unintelligent as you say- not that it's a bad thing to be intellectually disabled of course.
since it offends many
Even if this story is true you went in with really racist assumptions.
I think you are misrepresenting black people. Please don't refer to them with that term.
Using foul language doesn't make your point more valid it simply makes you seem as if you have a lack of a vocabulary.
Do you have to refer to them in offensive language?
Defining someone by their social class is one of the easiest ways to look stupid.
do you even understand what you're saying
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
do you have to say retarded?
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
It's like that homosexual slur is the only word you know! You should definitely expand your vocabulary!
Please do not use the word faggot
Using the slur here to insult is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates homosexuals.
Making fun of a serious disease like is done here is offensive and hurtful to decent people everywhere.
I can't believe several posters are on here admitting they looked at illegal content. The hateful slurs used in your posts don't help.
Derogatory remarks are uncalled for
The insults levied here are all highly offensive to groups of people and as such this type of hurtful speech has no place here.
RAcial stereotypes are ignorant
Mocking someone's fear isn't col. Neither is the name calling.
Misogynist text is ignorant
Using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
This comment is ridiculously offensive to many groups of people especially lesbians. It is just unnecessary.
Just because someone likes someone of the same sex doesn't mean you're a bad person.
There is no way to stop recognizing how we're created. Yes a man holds sperm
The mocking tone and the use of retarded are both rude and offensive.
Just because someone has a different opinion than you does not mean they are dumb.
So I really don't see the issue between anime and fascism.
Just because you don\'t agree with what an author writes does not mean the author is "a retard." Much better words can be used.
Just because someone has a different opinion doesn't mean yours is better.
It is not sexist to hold women accountable
Being feminist does not make someone an idiot. Not all feminists play "victim" and telling them to shove it up their twat is so vulgar.
Just because someone has a different opinion than you doesn't mean they are less than you.
Using "Tw--s" pejoratively here is offensive and should be avoided.
Name calling does not make your point more valid.
Using the "c---" term and insulting the aged are both offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Just because you don't like someone doesn't mean calling them names will solve the problem.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Using "ret---ed" "fag--t" "tw-t" and/or "cu-t" are offensive unnecessary and should be avoided in this forum.
Using foul language and name calling does nothing to validate your point it only creates arguments.
Your insult game is mad whack.
Using foul language and talking down on others only starts arguments it doesn't make your point of view heard.
To define someone by their race shows your narrow mindedness as people act out of their perceived norms all the time
You really wanting something to be a fact and citing obviously biased carelessly done studies doesn't make that a fact.
Using foul language only shows that you either didn't grasp the article or you have a lack of a vocabulary.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
"Ret--dedness" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that viewpoint.
Both using the "c---" term and misogynistic hatred directed at women are offensive unnecessary and should be avoided in this forum.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. You don't seem like the most rational person.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is boring yet offensive--it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
opinions can be expressed without slander.
point can be made without derogatory.
The pejorative uses of "c--t" here is hateful and detracts from intelligent discourse. It should be avoided.
slandering individuals is only creating bigger issues.
Using "ret---ded" to mean low intelligence may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here
agreeing to disagree is whats best when conversations begin to escalate.
Using "ret---ded" to mean low intelligence may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here
Writing a comment consisting of nothing but a derogatory slur isn't really adding anything to the discussion.
That is a poor choice of words pick something better
Using offensive slurs thinking that they add to the conversation in any way makes you seem ignorant.
Lift your conversation out of the gutter you can do better.
Using derogatory language like that defeats the purpose of your argument.
Using derogatory language isn't any way to get your point across in an argument.
You have been flagged for using hate terms choose your words more carefully.
Just cause she's a lady it doesn't mean you should call her a cunt.
Please do not use sexist language in your posts.
Please do not use language that perpetuates racist stereotypes.
User 9 why are you so angry about this it isn't that big of a deal. Chill out man.
Even if she did abuse her mother you don't need to call her a cunt. That's a bit much.
You don't have to call someone retarded. Didn't your mother ever teach you that if you don't have anything nice to say don't say nothing.
It might not seem that deep but a lot of people do use video games to express internal bias. It's not right.
Using 'retards' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
its inappropriate to use words like cunt and retarded as they directly attack people based on their gender or mental illness respectively
You should respect people's religious beliefs and cultural experience.
Using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
None of you sound smart. Police brutality is a serious issue and you should try engaging with it in a more understanding way.
Its inappropriate to use words (retard and cunt)that directly attack people based on their gender or mental illness.
They are ableist as well as racist since that slur paints the intellectually disabled in a bad light.
Hey guys please do not use someones disability as an insult.
Don't taunt others when they're down. Especially not with slurs.
Woah there is no reason to use that type of vulgar term.
Avoid using those vulgar terms when posting in response to others.
There is no reason to use hateful terms regarding sexual orientation in these posts.
You can make the same argument and points without using this speech. It will make your post more enjoyable and readable
Females generally don't get passes just because they're female.
Simply find better words. This will likely result in you getting more upvotes and karma on Reddit. No one wants downvotes.
More moderators on this subreddit to cut down on misogyny
Disable the chatbox from typing offensive words.
The face she's making might just be her poker face.  More investigation would have to be done on her training.
If you cannot add something that furthers the conversation of the topic then do not post at all
Disable the chatbox from displaying offensive words
This comment contains a slur that is very harmful for gay people.
excercising your free speech by being offensive...nice
The r word is a slur that affects mentally disabled people. Even medically it's an outdated term.
a little much
Not only are there words being used to degrade women here the entire comments are degrading to women. Absolutely horrifying.
To be honest it's simple. We have somewhat free speech online. If I don't like what a person posts I just unfollow them or block them.
The real reason is because law and order has many different meanings in various cities.
I think she doesn't want to bothered today that's all.
Not sure who specifically you are referring to but you might want to explain yourself in more detail without the vulgar language.
Wow that is awful. Even if I don't really like my family I still have a moral obligation to be kind to them.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Please refrain from using words that are commonly regarded as derogatory towards women.
"Re----ed" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families
With the words you choose to use you are reinforcing a culture of hatred.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Using this language does not promote a constructive conversation on this subject no matter how horrible this woman's actions were.
"Re----ed" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families.
Resorting to hateful rhetoric is a poor way to support your point in any argument
C--t" and "cow" are offensive inappropriate and misogynistic terms; they should not be used here.
Stop with the gender bashing insults.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable in civilized discourse. It is an offensive slur that is hateful toward all women.
Retard" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families.
Use of the word retard and gay in this thread is offensive because it equates with being inferior and that is wrong.
Re---d" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families please try to avoid it.
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
Use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
While I agree that anti-vaxers are misinformed
My son had a bad reaction and now has mild autism and a rare muscular disease. So ant-vaxers aren't crazy. Just do your research.
Everyone is entitled to there opinion.
Let's not bring the intellectually disabled into this. Especially not with slurs.
Star Trek Discovery is awesome!
Making up words is literally how language advances. It is perpetuated by people using words they're not supposed to use
It is more of an aggressive personality if a player is triggered. Nothing to do with gender.
Hey guys
Every language has their good and bad words. Let's leave it at that and move on.
I don't understand how any woman would appreciate the terms you used.
Please refrain from making sexist and gender demeaning comments.
"B--ch" and "c--t" used to refer to women are gratuitous and offensive; they should be avoided.
Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families
I don't believe there is any event that vindicated the use of a word that condemns all women.
Please do not use language that is demeaning towards women.
This use of the "c---" term to refer to women is gratuitous and offensive; it should be avoided.
Using "tw-t" pejoratively here is offensive and should be avoided.
Please do not make comments attacking women.  Also refrain from using language that demeans those with disabilities.
"Retar---ion" offends many and detracts from the rest of your argument.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Tell me how you feel but please reappraise your language.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Please limit the negative comments that are demeaning to others.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Please change your words to ones that are more congenial.
Both "fa--ot” and "c--t" are offensive terms and must be avoided in legitimate political discourse.
Remember that others have feelings so please reconsider the talk that is demeaning.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that language.
Not sure if you're trying to be deliberately edge but please watch the language in this subreddit.
Stop using gender based insults.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Watch the language please. This is not appropriate.
Stop using gender based insults.
Your point isn't wrong but you need to check the language.
Stop using a medical condition as a slur.
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
This conversation needs to calm down a little so I'm stepping in. Please watch the language.
Stop using gender based political choices and racist propaganda as insults.
While your sentiment is not wrong you need to avoid this type of language.
This is a serious medical concern. No need to start with the anti-woman slurs.
Homophobic language will not be tolerated here.
No reason to use homophobic slurs. Sexuality has zero to do with this topic.
This language is not acceptable. While you make a point this is not necessary.
This is a very interesting viewpoint despite your hateful comments suggestion the poster's lack of intelligence in your opinion.
Let's avoid this language please.
This type of language mocks mentally challenged individuals and has nothing to do with your point.
The name calling isn't necessary; just say they're stupid and  move on.
Hey i am retarded and very offended.  Retards are more intelligent than that lobotomized sponge.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
You're making a lot of assumptions about these people when you've never met them. They probably aren't nearly as bad as you think.
You lose you're arguement with me when you compare  use some of the terminology you do
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Trying to fight fire with fire here isn't going to change anything. You're allowed to be upset
You don't have anything more clever than that?
Racist views are hurtful and derogatory. Please be considerate of others when posting
Using a slur like 'cunt' doesn't make your argument any better
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
You don't have any proof that people with mental handicaps are dangerous. Look up some real data and you might change your mind.
Educate yourself.  This is an incredibly ignorant view and you should work on it.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided here.
What is the point of using that language in this context it is irrelevant
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
I don't think it's fair to lump entire countries together anyway we all have lots of different types of people with different ideas
Regardless of the context "faggot" is such an offensive term it should be avoided.
Why do you care what other people do with their lives it doesn't affect you
Someone's gender shouldn't be a reason to hate someone and not all men are terrible.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Even though the mom has done something terrible such as this the justice system will find the right punishment for her besides hanging.
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Sounds like you're speaking from experience. Do you want to talk about what your ex-girlfriend did to make you miserable?
She will eventually be punished but there is no point on stooping to there level and call people names.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
Revise content to remove negative comment re: sexual orientation
Stop using sexual choice based insults.
Slang term for female genitalia is not permitted.
Stop using a gender based insult.
Remove 2nd sentence in your comment please.
Stop using gender based and medical conditions as an insult.
Racist comments are not permitted.
Stop using negative racist terms as insults.
Refrain from using slang terms for people with disabilities.
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
You using a person's gender as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
Faggot" is no longer socially acceptable because it disparages a group of people that have been historically persecuted
Hey gay people are accepted now. Calling them slurs just outs you as a bigot.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Luckily ableist slurs are not institutionalized into the literature of computer science. However they seem to be wired into your brain.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Retarded" is not a cool word to use anymore. It was formally a word used to disparage the differently abled. Luckily we\'re more civilized
Hey guys I agree with your politics but let's not use the r-word.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
There is little going on here except for hate speech and that has to stop.
how is that comment helpful
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
No need to use that word.
No need to use that degrading word.
ideology doesn't have to lead us all to use hateful speech
Stop using political choices and medical conditions as insults.
These comments come off as childish.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Hey that term is offensive towards women. If you hate women keep using it otherwise don't.
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings
Hey the r-word has unfortunate reminders of the history of the intellectually disabled. Let's not use it and make reddit a pleasant place.
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Hey that word is offensive towards gays.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Just because someone disagrees with you does not mean their views are dumb.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
I agree that hate speech should not be tolerated here or anywhere.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
I think it's possible. A lady could spike a mans drink and rape him just like a man can to a woman.
Please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language when referring to others.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
It isn't the boogey that is being seen as bad it's the latter.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that view.
Whoever asks someone on a date (man or girl) should pay but if it's a friend with no romantic chance than no we're paying 50/50.
Please do not use offensive and/or derogatory language as an insult
Wow well men do this a lot too. Especially with younger women. They just trade the older model in for the newer one.
derogatory and sexist comments are hurtful and unwelcome. They do not reflect the values of the members here. Please refrain
I actually still use PayPal and my kids make fun of me saying nobody does anymore.
the use of racist and derogatory terms are hurtful and unneeded. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported to Admin
xenophobic and sexist terms are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments on this thread
You're last comment made you look pretty trivial. Try adult language.
The idea of a porn game is cool but not a headless body.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please show some respect to woman and refrain from these type of comments.
Omit [cunt]. This term is generally considered profane & sexually deragatory.
This use of the "c---" term to refer to women is gratuitous and offensive; it should be avoided.
Refrain from using deragatory descriptors (i.e. [retard]).   This term is considered bias against developmentally disabled.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive detracts from your point and should be avoided.
Avoid using profanity during descriptions.  Refrain from deragatory terms such as [retard].
"Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance.
Avoid using the term "retarded". Many users find it offensive.
I agree. Keep the bigoted terms to yourself.
Warning. Refrain from using the term "nigger."  Many view it as offensive in any context.
Try dumb or stupid instead of a derogatory term.
Avoid using the term "retarded" Many find it offensive regardless of the context.
There are a few words here that show you might be intellectually challenged. Try a little harder.
Avoid the term "retarded"  Many consider it offensive regardless of the context.
The user probably didn't understand how to create the content and seemed to be in an unfortunate state. Name-calling won't help.
derogatory comments are not welcome. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
That is entirely irrelevant to this conversation and also very painful to read and most important not true.
Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
Let's listen to what the original poster was trying to say. Calling anyone a c-word male or female is bad form.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
I agree that the language of the article was incorrect but there's no need to use that word to describe it. It is hurtful.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
That kind of language necessarily insults all women not just the one you are talking about
Your comments about feminists and individuals with autism are a violation of Reddit's content restrictions
Repeating this hateful language isn't helping though could leave it out
Use of that term to describe a woman is offensive and gender discrimination
don't think lumping all women into a categroy like this helpful though
The degenerate language being used makes everyone want to stop reading.
sexist and derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
This comment disparages half the human race with bad words and puts it off as fact.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
This has devolved into name calling it adds nothing.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Please try to be more sensitive on this issue.
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
Misogynistic hatred "Tw-t" and "ret--d" are hate speech and must be avoided in this forum.
That's not a respectful word
"Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
"Retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
"Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
"Retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
"Ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
"Retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
using the word 'retard' is considered to be albeism. Refrain from such words
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
It is not an appropriate to make fun of a persons mental development .
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
Please don't make fun of someones mental development by using it as a slur.
Using the word 'cunt'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
The word used as a slur towards women is not appropriate here.
Using the word 'cunts'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
The profanity used can be mistaken for hate speech towards Hindus and women refrain from using it.
using the words 'faggot' is offensive and homophobic. Refrain from using such words.
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
The use of a homophobic slur is unnecessary.
You don't have to call people that word
The foul language should be replaced in order for people to want to hear your opinion.
You can express your political opinions without resorting to slurs thanks.
Speaking such derrogatory comments speaks volumes about your character.
Regardless of your struggles being sexist is never okay.
That was probably the most ignorant
Replacing the foul language will make people more open to hearing your opinion.
Please educate yourself on sexual assault and rape culture.
Crude language may confuse readers on your meaning and intention.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
The damage has been dealt there is no reason to be rude as well.
Re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families.
That term refers to a serious medical condition. It doesn't mean what you think it does.
"Retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
He was already agreeing with you that she's in the wrong. No need to pull out the anti-woman slurs.
You are using pejorative and hateful terms for women in a demeaning manner. You are attacking this person on the basis of her sex.
I agree hate speech is antiquated and we're beyond it. It has no place in 2019.
If your mom is still taking care of you she deserves a medal not to be called hateful names!
What's wrong with that? You seem like an unkind
Totally unwarranted to use a slur regarding someone's sexual orientation as a response.
Using this term in this way constitutes hate speech.
If you don't like something you don't need to resort to hateful language to express yourself.
Please avoid using the term "cunt" to describe people. It is hate speech.
It's not nice to use that word when talking about the mentally ill. That was very offensive.
No reason to insult people with a disability while expressing your opinions here.
This comment is pure hate speech even the parts that are not vulgar. please avoid such speech.
As much as I agree with your stance it is not necessary to insult those with mental disabilities.
This type of language is offensive and your point can be made using other words.
That was a whirlwind of a statement it goes from nice
I agree with gender equality but using a derogatory word in your statement is counterproductive.
This type of language is offensive and promotes a culture of hatred. Please refrain from using these words in your argument.
You don't have to disparage a whole gender because this person wasted your time.
The use of foul language takes away from any point that is trying to be made.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
That's pretty inappropriate. How would they know which side of the fene you belong on
The name calling and foul language shows a lack of understanding of the topic.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Name calling only speaks about the name callers character.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
I don't feel it's necessary to use a word that demeans the differently-abled just to describe your feelings for this person
The foul language should be replaced with more proper verbiage.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
I think everyone would appreciate it if you saw yourself out of this subreddit. Thank you.
What is the point in calling people retards? Do you think it makes you look intelligent?
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
Nothing that any of you have said has been productive. Just taking pot shots at each other.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
SHould be ashamed.. misleading someone that doesn't speak english well enough.
Ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive
Both gender-based threats of violence and using the "c---" term to refer to women are offensive hate speech and should be avoided.
Referring to others with derogatory language undermines your points consider different language in the future
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
There are different ways to get your point across without attacking someones character
"Dumb c--ts" is a hateful ignorant and misogynistic utterance and so has no place here.
Consider using different language in the future that does not undermine your points with hatred
Using the "c---" term to refer to women far from showing cleverness is in fact offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Lets refrain from attacking someones character to get a point across. There are real people that find these words offensive.
Everyone needs to stop with the racist profiling. Not everyone is the same. I am blonde white female and I'm broke.
If you are trying to defend minorities using language like this does not help your cause.
You should at least try to listen to people's objections before you dismiss them.
I know 9pm doesn't seem late to some but to be out on Halloween it's a bit late. My kids never went out after 7 or 8
All you are doing is trying to silence women for disagreeing with you
If you want to be taken seriously in your arguments you shouldn't insult totally unrelated minorities!
I love Judge Judy! Nobody can call her sexist she gets on everyone!
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
It is ridiculous and harmful to suggest that women and Muslims are able to "get away with anything". You are fomenting resentment.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively far from showing any wit is offensive and should be avoided
Using "c--ts" to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
The "n word" in any context offends many so has no place in intelligent commentary.
106: your comment trivializes rape and falsely suggests that women you don't find attractive cannot be victims. 92: n-word is racist.
Dude
I don't think using words that perpetuate a negative sterotype show care or promote understanding.
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings or you will be reported
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
xenophobic and derogatory slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
You know
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please think about what you are saying before you comment.
Please withdraw the harmful language from your comments.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please know that there are consequences to your speech so take out the nasty language.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please eradicate the destructive language from your commentary.
Please think about how your words can negatively affect others feelings and remove the damaging ones.
Regardless of her opinion you should not call her that.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature make a productive conversation.
Not sure  who your referring to but that language is not appreciated.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Calling him that will not make you feel better about yourself.
I dont understand why everyone on this site uses that word when referring to a female.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Saying something like that is wrong I bet you wouldnt feel the same if it was your mother.
Using words to demean a person's gender are neither productive nor careful.
Please refrain from using derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It doesn't help your argument or add to the discussion.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts please.  It doesn't help your argument or add to the thread
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. Please stop or Admin will be alerted
Please refrain from including ableist insults in your posts.  It doesn't add to discussion or help your arguments.
Using sexist insults in your post doesn't add anything productive to the thread.  Please refrain from it in the future.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  You aren't adding anything productive to the sub with that.
Understanding that people with mental disabilities deserve respect is a good quality to develop.
Mental retardation is a serious medical condition. I'm sure that's not what you meant to mock with your comment.
I doubt the issue is about political affiliation sexual orientation or nationality. The issue is each individual standard of communication
I certainly support colorful language but that lewd phrase is highly offensive to women and isn't necessary.
It's not alright to use such a disrespectful term just because you can't seem to get someone to understand your point.
Calling someone that doesn\'t mean "stupid
Ret---ed" as used here is hateful may offend the mentally disabled and their families; and so must be avoided here.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Retarded" is a pejorative word that demeans people who struggle with learning disabilities/differences. It is hurtful to use it.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so must be avoided.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Retard" is a pejorative word that demeans people who struggle with learning disabilities/differences. It is hurtful to use it.
Both "ret--d" and "c--t" are terms of hate; and hate speech is forbidden here. So make your point without them.
Use of the slurs is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others.
Faggot" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans queer people. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
The term "fa--ot" when used pejoratively is offensive to many people and so should not be used in a political commentary.
Use of the slurs is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans gays.
are all forbidden here.'
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
Please keep the homophobic slurs out of your posts.  It doesn't add anything productive to the conversation of the sub.
Can we not use that word?
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs in your comments.  It doesn't add anything to the discussion in this thread
Why do you feel the need to attack someone explaining a medical condition.
That isn't nice to say.  Think about how a larger woman would feel if you told her this. Think before you speak
Hateful ableist language doesn't help your argument or add to the discussion of the sub.  Please refrain from using it in the future.
What are you even trying to say none of your sentences make sense they just make you look angry and hateful.
"Retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
"Retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
Just have to change one word and then everything is fine.
homophobic and derogatory comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Literally all of this is bad the bot is even worse. None of this is ok why would you think it is you wouldn't say this IRL.
You don't have to disparage the differently-abled to espouse your racism
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting in reddit
Just call them morons really its 2019 now you can handle this.
If she was so terrible a person
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments when posting
Regardless of my opinion on what you said you just cant go that far and use certain words.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please have some respect woman and refrain from these type of comments in reddit
You can call her a lot of things but not that.
Using someone's sexuality shouldn't be used for their gaming skills.
Let's watch the language please. This is uncalled for.
As a female I agree that she should be fired if she cannot take constructive criticism . Stop being so sensitive.
There's no need for that kind of language. Be careful.
No way! We have Charlie Angels; leave James Bond to the guys!
Both of you are toeing the line. Let's hold back on the language please.
The flossing dance was done before it even started.
Using a woman's gender to judge her is outright pointless.
I admit that I really am not as nice to fellow women as I am to men. I find talking to men just so much easier.
I understand your frustration but this kind of language is not necessary.
Oh wow... I didn't know this happened. The Feds do not play when it comes to wire fraud. She might get a lot of time.
I dont even understand what you are getting at.
Mindlessly using the "c---" term to refer to women and relishing gender-based violence are offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Im sure you have never been drunk and done stupid things.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
No need to refer to her as that Im not sure your mother would appreciate it.
No it is usually referring to women in a derogatory manner.
Don't bring gendered insults into it either
Your comment brought nothing to the conversation.
The level of disgust you're showing for another human being is upsetting.
This type of language is not appropriate and your point can be made without such derogatory words.
Every part of your comment was inappropriate for no reason. You could have easily conveyed your idea without being nasty.
The two of you are being so toxic to each other that there is no possible way for either of you to engage in civil discussion at this point.
Please try not to dicuss women's bodies openly and especially with such disgust.
This type of language has a history of being used in a derogatory manner against women. Please be careful in the words you use!
Why was any of this posted. From video to you three's comments nothing has been even remotely acceptable.
It's unfortunate that you see someone nonwhite and you don't even consider that they could have been cast for talent.
What does age have to do with any of the casting? Do the actors/actresses play their characters well?
Removing the foul language would make your point od view more understood.
Wow it makes me upset to see someone in this day and age still have this thought process about women. No doubt you don't have a wife urself
The entire comment is derrogatory and no one would ever take this seriously.
While it is understandable to be upset at this senator for her hypocritical actions we should try not to feed into what she's saying.
The foul language used needs to be replaced in order for anyone to take your opinion seriously.
I understand your message and what you are saying but
The foul language takes away from your opinion.
Listen guys it should be possible to talk about women you dislike without solely relying on sexist misogynistic remarks.
Speaking about woman in such a derrogatory way shows a serious lack of respect.
Please stop the abusive comments and use kinder words.
Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs in your posts.  It doesn't add anything productive to the sub.
Please take out the deleterious comments and use ones that are more encouraging to others.
Using hateful sexist language in your posts does not help your argument or add to the conversation.  Please refrain in the future.
Please don't use words that are so disrespectful to women.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your responses in this thread.  It doesn't add anything productive to the conversation.
Please take out the comments that are so destructive to women and use more objectivity in your speech to get your point across.
Any insults concerning sex gender or gender identity are unacceptable.
Please refrain from referring to others with derogatory language as there are better ways to get your point across
Insults concering an individual's disability are not permitted and are uncalled for.
Please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive
There is no need to use inappropriate language to express your opinions.
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across.
There is no need to use language demeaning someone's gender or sex to express your opinion.
There are different ways to get your point across without attacking someones character
It was totally unnecessary to use hateful language demeaning people with disability in your comment.
Lets refrain from attacking someones character to get a point across. There are real people that find these words offensive.
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Calling someone a name makes one look small and weak.
Learn how to spell 'You´re' before you start throwing shit at others.
Using that kind of language is the lowest form of name calling and makes it seem as if the topic is not comprehended at all by some.
I mean what? This is literally nothing but rage fueled gibberish.
Using the word 'cunts'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
The point of this comment is lost amongst all of the foul language.
There are much nicer words that you can use for people that disagree with you.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
Using "autistic kid" to label someone\'s intelligence is very unfair towards those with true autism.
Hi Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Pls and Thx
A girl's race does not need to be pointed out to judge her for how she is. You should not judge someone using sexual remarks about them.
Using someone's religion or beliefs shouldn't be used to judge them.
Let's try to avoid foul language in the general chat to avoid distractions.
Please try not to be belligerent.
Let's avoid using curses or words that are likely to be seen as more inflammatory than persuasive.
There's nothing wrong with them wanting a new subreddit.
If we avoid the rough language it might be easier to get our points across/not shut down our audience.
Language like that doesn't exactly portray yourself as any better.
That kind of language doesn't help anyone understand your point of view.
"Retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
"Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
This comment is unnecessarily hateful towards mothers and women and demeans mothers in a harmful way.
Both "ret--ded" and "c--t" are terms of hate; and all hate speech is forbidden here. So make your point without it or leave.
Remember that we're trying to uphold a certain standard in our conversation and that talking in derogatory terms only hurts our endeavors.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
While it's obvious that this wasn't taken as offensive this could've been handled in a more friendly manner in case that didn't happen.
There are much better words that can be used to replace the foul language.
It is a miracle a spot was even open. They shouldn't of acted that way.
Name calling really takes away from the point that you are trying to make.
Ret---ed" even as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Having an opinion different from mine doesn't make you them a pedophile but sex with minors is illegal.
Name calling and foul language takes away from the point of the topic and creates pointless arguments.
Using stereotypes speaks volumes about your character.
That's not nice at all. You should apologize.
Using someone's gender and sexuality shouldn't be mentioned just to judge them.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
That could really offend someone.  You should do more research about other people's sexuality.
Keeping up with "retards" doesn\'t necessarily make them retarded.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Suggesting that women in general are "useless" and "lazy" is ridiculous and harmful. You are over-generalizing from specific incidents.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
34: suggesting that underclass people are to blame for their poverty because of "bad genes" is ridiculous and encourages eugenicist ideas.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
"Faggot" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans gay/lesbian/bisexual people. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
Use of the slur is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans gays.
2: Your characterization of women is ridiculous demeaning and harmful. 3: It is unacceptable to make light of rape in this way.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
Well that escalated quickly. Try to keep your heads about you.
What do you think will be accomplished by continuing to associate negativity with the LGBTQ+ community? You should be ashamed of yourselves.
I understand that you're frustrated but this kind of language is uncalled for.
The "C" word is a compliment in Australia. They have an affinity for things down under. Not quite in the USA.
Although your opinion matters calling someone you don't know a cunt is just rude to be rude.
I understand what you're trying to say but this language is not appropriate.
Good thing that\'s not a real charge. "What is she charged with?" "I\'d rather not say your honor." There is a better way to make your point.
Do you believe calling them "retards" will change their view to yours?
You disagree with a group.. so they are bots. Sounds an awful lot like the stereotypes you are accusing that group of to me.
I'm sorry this happened to you but this kind of language is not appropriate.
That shows a huge lack of morals.  And please stop insulting the female genitalia it's not their fault!!! =)
I agree that person was a less then admirable person.. still no need to call her a "cunt".
Using hateful ableist language is not helping your argument or adding anything to the discussion.  Please refrain in the future.
Both of you are wrong. It's not polite to spam messages which no one likes
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything helpful to the sub's discussion
You had valid points until the last sentence. That made me disregard everything you said previously.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance to the discussion.
Please do not be so unkind when someone is relating honest questions. Your comment is not welcome here.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your response.  It adds nothing to the discussion or your argument.
Not everyone will agree with your vulgar and pointless attack on people because they are different from you.
Using hateful ableist language in your post is not adding to the discussion.  Please refrain from using it in the future.
yes he does sound like an Incel but lets not fuel that by personal attacks.
some women exploit ugly men emotionally like some men exploit ugly women sexually. its not all of either party.
You wrote a decent supporting message really to be ok it´s jsut one word to change otherwise keep being awesome!
Its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
Retard" and "fagot" are pejorative and hateful word that demean people. It is hurtful and harmful to use them.
xenophobic and derogatory comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
its offensive to use faggots and retarded they directly attack one based on their sexual orientation and mental disability respectively
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
Its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
Its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
Its inappropriate to use the word 'cunty' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
Please restrain from using the abusive language.
Its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
Give your comments without the hateful speech please.
This comment\'s use of the word "cunt" seems demeaning and harmful towards women in a misogynistic way.
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Please stop insulting those with disabilities and use more objective comments.
"Retarded" is a hateful word used to demean people who struggle with learning differences. Using "mentally challenged" in this way too.
using words like cunt and retarded is offensive since its a direct attack based on someone's gender and mental disability
Please use language that is going to state your point without degrading others.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disabilities.
You're lowering the level of this discussion by resorting to slurs like that.
The terms "c--t(s)" and "reta--ds" are bigoted terms of ignorance and so do not have a place in intelligent commentary.
You\'re making blanket assumptions about complete strangers but still accusing others of "brainwashing" that\'s awful.
"Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
sexist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments in this thread
I understand that you want women to be treated the same as men but siding with violence is not the answer.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
People from California and Sweden can publish whatever they want. If you have opposing opinions you're free to publish something as well.
Using foul languge takes away from the validity of one's point as well as creates pointless arguments.
sexist and derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
If you want your own religion to be respected then you should respect that of others. Also User 2 has no right to infer you are  "r."
Using foul language doesn't make a point any more valid.
racist and homophobic comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Just because you disagree with Beto doesn't mean you have to feminize his name or imply he's a homosexual.
I think it's best you think twice about what you are saying. You should focus more on yourself.
That's someone's sister or wife or mother. Just because she has a different political ideology doesn't mean you have to debase her
Please use more respectful words when referring to other groups and persons!
You don't have to disparage the differently-abled to show your frustration at not being racist towards who you'd like to be racist towards
Woah! Please be respectful in the words you use instead of resorting to derogatory name-calling.
It's not necessary to disparage a whole gender of people because this person made questionable decisions.
Please refrain from using derogatory name-calling which could be offensive to other users.
its inappropriate to use words such as  dyke as they directly attack people based on their sexual orientation
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding or show care.
Using the word 'retard'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Using the word 'retard'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
Using the word 'cunts'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
Using the words like retardation and psycho is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
Please have discussions with respect to all persons and groups. Using derogatory names is not constructive.
That's extremely racist and rude. You should delete your comment.
I know you aren't meaning to be insulting
Please use appropriate and respectful language when addressing others in the conversation.
"Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
Using name calling speaks volumes about your character.
I agree
Your comment is horrendously sexist objectifying women in a harmful way and employing the hateful sexist slur "cunt".
There are more efficient ways to describe someone other than resorting to name calling.
Removing the foul language would make people more receptive to your point of view.
All the name calling shows a lack of character on the name callers behalf.
Please quit being so wounding with your words.
Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Using foul language doesn't make your point any more heard by others.
Please think about how other people feel when you make these hurtful comments.
Name calling is a very childish act.
Please think of the consequences of your words before you speak.
Calling someone a name like that speaks volumes about your character.
Please exclude the unfriendly comments and use ones that are nicer.
Please do away with the damaging remarks to get your point across.
I don't disagree with your point
"Retarded" is a pejorative hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. Also not good to throw "autist" around.
Making fun of medical conditions isn't cool. I'm sure you didn't even think about that before you wrote those insensitive comments.
Not sure what's going on this conversation but this kind of language is not acceptable.
"Retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
That's not even remotely funny. Making fun of mentally challenged people isn't a joke.
Let's watch the language please. This is inappropriate.
Speaking so derrogatorily about someone makes you look like a small individual.
You could say you disapprove without mocking a serious medical condition.
I understand you're frustrated but you need to watch your language.
Using foul language doesn't get your point heard any more than not using foul language.
This thread is actually funny minus the name calling in the beginning!
This is a lot of back and forth banter for a topic that could be interesting if you stayed focused!
Not sure what's going on here but please watch your language.
All the foul language and name calling and none of it has anything to do with the topic.
Wow! He said thanks. The hostility is totally uncalled for!
Does using that inflammatory word make you feel better? You just demeaned a group of people that include your mother
"Retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
The preferred vernacular is "differently-abled" or "challenged". Don\'t be a brute
Your language and tone are demeaning and harmful towards lesbian women.
Why would women wanna be gay when they could be with someone as open-minded as you?
"Retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
Your usage of that pejorative is not necessary. You only intend to enflame with this language.
You are using the word "cunt" to specifically demean women which is a sexist slur against women and unacceptable.
You are aware that you are demeaning a group of people that includes your mother? Use new words. Do it for mommy
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
If you're a fat person too then you should understand why it's appealing to want an easy out.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided.
Its inappropriate to use the words 'bitch cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
Being rude like this isn't a good look.
This comment is evidently misogynistic using hateful slurs against women.
Its inappropriate to use the word 'twat' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
There's no reason to escalate to calling her that.
Using this kind of language doesn't add anything to the conversation.
"Fag" and "retard" are hateful words that are used to demean gay people and people with learning differences and should be avoided.
derogatory and xenophobic comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
I think you will find that many people with mental handicaps are actively striving for self determination within a capitalist society.
Your usage of gendered terminology will likely get your opinion ignored and blocked by the people who's minds you are trying to change.
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported to admin
The use of antiquated and imprecise language is really holding back your arguments.
hey sexist and derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
The internal workings and decisions of the legal system are quite arcane and have a lot to do with circumstances the public may not know.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments in reddit
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings while posting in reddit
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity or that describe a person with a mental disability are not productive.
"Re---d" "fa--ot" and "carpetmucher" all used here detract from legitimate discussion of gender issues; such hatred must be eliminated.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
I don't think using words that perpetuate negativity show care.
"The n word" and "k-ke" are terms of hate betray ignorance and should not be used here.
Such an alphabet soup of ignorant hatred and gross insensitivity merely brand the speaker as profoundly ignorant. Please avoid them here.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Please use words that are universally accepted and avoid blatant degradation
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Please be respectful to other users and groups! Derogatory words and names don't contribute to a meaningful conversation.
Please be mindful of the words you choose. Words that are historically considered derogatory can offend others in a public forum.
Everyone is entitled to their opionion
Using sexuality as a means of insulting people is ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are
Woah! Please use more universally accepted words. This rhetoric is offensive and derogatory towards women.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Use of the slurs is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others.
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Threads couldn't possibly be retarded
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Women have enough issues as it is please don't contribute to sexism.
Choose other words to describe females
There's no reason to use the c-word try broadening your vocabulary.
The way she looks has nothing to do with the content.
Cheaters are awful but there's no reason to bring sexist comments into this.
You are being extremely disrespectful to those suffering from mental illness.
These words can be very hurtful to people who are challenged
I agree
Let's not use the R word it's offensive to other people attack ideas not people.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disability and should be avoided.
Hey guys as a gaming reddit we have a lot of kids so let's tone down the language also User 1 stop attacking people.
"Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disabilities and should be avoided.
Don't use the R word it's offensive to people of different abilities not the people you're trying to make fun of.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disabilities and should be avoided.
I'm not sure what that is
There's no point saying something that means anything designed to deliberately annoy.
Your slur seems to be demeaning towards both LGBTQ and African-Americans. It is harmful to use the n-word lightly like that as a joke.
I hope that your use of that word doesn't reflect on your relationship with your mother.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
I don't get why people have to refer to women by that word.
All of you would likely know more about how women think if you didn't throw the word cunt around.
Not only the work "c--t" but blatantly misogynistic excreta like "dumb c--t" is hateful and forbidden here.
You could use another word that wasn't offensive to all women.
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
You're bringing down a reasonable discussion by introducing this kind of language.
Using words like "cunt" and using someone\'s gender doesn\'t makes sense when you try and judge their actions/beliefs.
I think you can both admit this conversation lost all point once you began to use such offensive language.
Using someone's sexuality to judge them is pointless especially when the judging is for no reason at all.
This is incredibly disrespectful to two women who are world class athletes.
Retard" and "retarded" are words that demean people who struggle with learning disabilities/differences not casual insults.
You're depersonalizing these people by using that kind of terminology which makes you less sensitive to them being hurt.
Please end the harassment of others by changing your hurtful language.
Replacing the foul language with better words will allow people to better understand your opinion.
Please discard the hurtful words that are damaging to others.
The use of foul language makes the comments unreadable to most people.
Please end the comments that are hostile and use kinder explanations.
How you feel about how a person is acting doesn't give you the right to refer to them in a hateful manner. Please refrain
Describing someone using such a derrogatory term speaks volumes about your character.
Even if you don't like the attitudes of people please use words that are more respectful.
hey there racist and sexist views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Hey there Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Stop using racist insults.
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Stop using gender based insults.
You aren't helping your argument when you use sexist and homophobic slurs in your posts.  Please refrain from it in the future.
The type of language you use is not appropriate and is derogatory.
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
Please use other language to make your point without using derogatory names and phrases.
The use of foul language makes it hard to understand what someone is trying to say.
I agree with your opinion but I prefer to use the term stupid.
The foul language used would be better substituted for a more appropriate verbiage.
Dogs are not the brightest animals but I do not think using that word to describe them is appropriate.
The foul language takes away from the   validity of the point that is being made.
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race or demeans a person's gender identity is not productive in conversion.
Use of the slurs here is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others.
Using the word 'retards'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
The woman in question was practicing free speech and expression
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thanks
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
Hey please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted. Thx
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
A word is more than its shock value
Hey Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thank you
Use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse because it hurts insults and demeans women.
Hey there Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings. Thank you
Use of the slurs here is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans other people.
All of the foul language and name calling speaks volumes about your character.
You are unfairly blaming societal problems on groups of people who you have chosen as scapegoats but who also suffer from the same problems
Name calling shows the kind of person you are.
First of all it's patently false that immigrants are unintelligent. Also you should be more sensitive to developmental differences.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
I think you are factually incorrect here engaging in hyperbole that is meant to vilify women.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively and its embedding is misogynistic rants  are each offensive and should be avoided
"Gay men...deserve to be killed" is blatant hate speech and must be avoided in this forum.
That's so racist and sad. You should think more before you type.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is never clever; it is offensive and should be avoided
This whole conversation is absurd
Twice in your response you used gender based hate speech. This kind of speech does not help you make your point. Please avoid doing so.
I don't think using words that demean a peron's gender are productive in conversation.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
She did apologize and she is a student. Hopefully it's a lesson taught and brought into adulthood.
Not sure why you think its necessary to attack someone over gender which has nothing to do with the story.
My ex told me that he hated not being circumcised and that it causes infection if not cleaned twice a day.
Demeaning people with disabilities while expressing your opinion on circumcision is totally unwarranted.
He is just trying to say that is what he finds attractive but at no times does it mean hate or racism. I have to agree.
Your use of outdated and insulting terms is unwarranted in this thread.
I might want to see this movie. It actually looks pretty good.
You can disagree with someone without using offensive/demeaning language.
I don't think only women caused this issue. I am in my 30s and bought 2 homes already and own a business.
Totally unwarranted to refer to older individuals in that manner.
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care.
cunt" is sexist.
Using words to demean a person's gender are neither productive nor careful.
Use of the slurs here is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others.
"Fag--t" and "ret--d" are hateful and bigoted terms. Their use here is unnecessary and offensive to many.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
Using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Hey there sexist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
If someone wants to act out or break the law they get arrested regardless if their a woman.
Some feminist get out of hand with the extreme ideology but not all.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
I am still sitting here shocked NYC had a parking spot open.
Hey there Please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
The stats do say history repeats itself. My mom was abused by her 1st husband and then I went on to go through the same.
R---rds" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
I think it's a good concept to be able to change the gender to what you prefer no harm done.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
Retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
Stop using gender based insults.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thank you
Stop using a sexual choice as an insult.
Stop using a sexual choice as an insult.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
Please be respectful to all races ethnicities religions and genders. Conversations are more constructive when we avoid derogatory names.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Please refrain from using derogatory and offensive names when referring to fellow users.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Please use more universally accepted words when referring to other people.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Woah! Please use words that are universally accepted. It is easier to have a conversation without resorting to degrading or derogatory words
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Please be respectful in the words you choose! Opinions can be expressed in a way that doesn't use derogatory names as a crutch.
Using sexist insults in your post isn't adding anything to your argument or contributing to the topic.  Please refrain from it in the future
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Please refrain from using sexist and homophobic slurs in your posts.  You aren't adding anything productive to the discussion with that.
Racist  and sexist comments are hurtful and derogatory. Please be considerate of others when posting.
Using hateful ableist language in your post adds nothing of substance to the discussion of the sub.  Please refrain from it in the future
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It isn't adding anything to the conversation in this thread.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. Please be considerate of others and their feelings
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs in your comments you aren't adding anything helpful to the conversation of the sub
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist insults in your posts.  It isn't aiding your argument or adding anything to the debate in this sub.
Retard" is an unacceptable slur used to demean people with learning disabilities/differences. "Islamic savagery" is extremely Islamophobic.
The hateful use of "ret--ds" and "retar--d"as well as bigoted speech directed at jews (whether called "juice" or not) are not allowed here.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist rhetoric in your posts.  It doesn't help your arguments or contribute anything valid to the sub
Retard" and "faggot" are unacceptable hateful slurs that demean people and are harmful in that way.
"Ret--ded" and "Fag--ts
Using hateful ableist and homophobic rhetoric doesn't add anything productive to this debate.  Please refrain from it in the future.
Ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Using hateful ableist language in your posts doesn't aid your argument or add anything to the conversation of the sub. Please refrain.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences.
Plenty of guys get away with worse! Don't be so quick to play the sexism angle.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences.
Making fun of mental illness isn't cool at all.
A conversation about car tastes does not need to turn into this dudes.
Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences.
Using that choice of insult is inappropriate. It mocks those with a serious medical issue.
Just gotta change one word.
That's not a very mature comment and adds nothing to the discussion.
Should just say nothing then.
What someone wears does not determine if they deserve to be harassed or assaulted.
You know that's a really rude way of speaking to others. You should apologize.
Hey there you should really think about who you could offend before making a post like this.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
"Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should not be used.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted and will be reported to admin
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue you will be reported
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please be respectful of woman and refrain from these type of comments
sexist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It isn't adding anything to your debate.
Using words that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature or that describe a person with a mental disability promote productive conversation.
Please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
Using sexist language doesn't help your argument or add anything of substance to the discussion.  Please refrain in the future.
While it was wrong it is hard for us to know the story and so we can't judge or call names.
91% of rape victims in the US are female and 9% are male. It's a tragedy no matter who is affected but women are disproportionally at risk.
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
This language is anti-black and belittling to women.
words like retard and faggot are offensive as they directly attack one based on mental disability and sexual orientation
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
You aren't really helping your point of view by throwing those kinds of insults at someone when trying to defend someone else.
Wow not cool. Lots of bad words in there. Be more considerate you probably offended someone!
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
That is so wrong. I am a female and this is what gives us a bad name. She deserves some kind of punishment.
"Fa-ots" and the "n word" offend many add nothing to intelligent debate. and so must be avoided in this forum.
That is terrible thing to say. My grandma never said that at all.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
I never understood why ladies thought it was ok to act up on Cinco de Mayo.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
I am not a big Ginsburg fan but I hope she is ok. I don't hate on anyone.
Anyone who has "gay friends" should know how many people the  term "fa--ot" offends. Such displayed ignorance detracts from any real point.
I never heard of that term but it's not really nice.
User 17 makes an articulate point but if you have an opposing opinion you can do so without calling him the "r" word.
You can be patriotic about America without calling the other party the "r" word.
This type of language is offensive and derogatory. Please refrain from such language.
Even if the movie was that horrible using the "r" word (both of them) so casually is out of line.
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
It could be more of a behavioral problem rather than a handicap.
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
That is a little harsh for a differing opinion. I think we should try to keep this civil.
Using the word 'retard'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
You could try to take on some more advanced material. If you aren't challenged you won't grow or feel like you have earned success.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Your points can be easily made without using derogatory names.
"Retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
"Retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
Hey now that is not appropriate language for this site.
Hey there racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings
Avoid using that vulgar word on this site.
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thanks
Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
Please do not use a term of sexuality in a hateful manner.
Hey there homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thank you
Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences.
Do not use a mental disability as an insult on this site.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
The word "retarded" is outdated and ignorant. I\'m sure you can come up with a better insult.
You can disagree with liberal views without calling them the "r" word.
I encourage you to get creative and think of ways to avoid using "retard".
The word "cunt" is a gendered slur. You can express your opinion without being hurtful.
I understand that this is a frustrating issue but there is no need for gendered slurs.
Her gender has nothing to do with the officer not deciding to handcuff her it was the officer's decision.
Settle down the speech please to words that aren't so revolting to others.
There is no need for gendered slurs dude.
Don't insult the lady she just didn't understand it was a teaser.
Please keep the hateful ableist language out of your posts.  They don't add anything to the discussion in the sub.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It doesn't help your argument and contributes nothing to the thread.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. It doesn't help your argument and adds nothing to the sub.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
Please keep the hateful ableist language out of your posts.  It doesn't add anything productive to the thread.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care
Hey there are a lot of people that I love would be hurt by you using this word.
I don't know why you would talk so cavalierly about serious violence against women.
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care.
This exchange is full of hate: "b--ch" "hoe" "the n word" misogyny hatred for Jews and Muslims--such uncivilized puerility must stop.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
I don't think using words that perpetuate a negative stereotype show care or promote understanding.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Both using "c--t" and ill-considered racial stereotyping offends most people communicates only ignorance and is not welcome here.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
"Ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
"Retr--d" "b--ch" and "c--t" are hateful terms and target people on the basis of sex or mental health; the terms are forbidden here.
Please expel the demeaning language from your conversation and use gentler words.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
Please get rid of the derogatory comments towards women and be more respectful with your words.
"Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Please avoid the damaging remarks and use a more softhearted tone.
Misogyny hate speech and the vitriolic use of the term "c--t" are not permitted in this forum.
Please use care with your words in expressing your opinions about elders.
Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
You can have a certain opinion on PC terms and express it without using the "R" word.
You dont have to use a metally dimished person in your example.
Those women were in the wrong but there's no need to use the C word.
You really dont need to use that language to express your feeling.
Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
You can disagree with the way Mozilla is being conducted without using the "r" word.
I know you can think of a better word to classify them instead of making yourself seem incompetent.
Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
You made such a good argurement then had to bring up the r word and totally kill my opinion of you.
You can disagree with User 6 without calling him the "f" word.
Surely you can find a better way to rebute someone than calling them that.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
While I agree that religion should be approached with skepticism there is little to no correlation between belief and intelligence.
I believe that they prefer to be called country people.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
While I like your point the derogatory term is a bit excessive maybe in the future call them food warriors.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
I would have called them obstructionists personally but I'm trying to avoid swearing and using other dodgy language.
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs in your post.  They don't enhance your argument or the discussion in this thread
"Fa--ot" as used here causes offense to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary.
Please be respectful in the words you choose. It can be hurtful to others.
Please stop using homophobic slurs in your posts.  They are adding absolutely nothing to the sub's conversation.
Both using "fa--ot" and racial bigotry are hate speech and so forbidden in this forum.
The words you've used are historically sensitive and considered very offensive. Please be careful with the words you choose!
Using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
These types of words are considered derogatory and offensive and can be replaced with more universally accepted terms.
Misogynism and use of the words "b--ch" and "c--t" have no place here; all must be avoided.
Please use more universally accepted words that do not target groups in a degrading manner!
Using hateful ableist language in your post doesn't add any credence to your argument nor does it benefit the discussion of the sub.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here.
He's right you should be embarrassed by your choice of words. Homophobic slurs have no place in this thread.
xenophobic and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
using the word 'nigger' is a direct attack to someone based on their race and its advisable that you refrain from using it
This was a respectable argument until the racial and anti-female slurs started flying.
racist and sexist comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments in reddit
using the words 'faggot fuckers' is offensive and homophobic. Refrain from using such words.
Your name calling isn't necessary. A simple request for a video would be adequate.
homophobic comments are offensive and hurtful to people and should not be used. Please refrain from using these types of comments.
Using the word 'retard'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Lie or not using that word is highly offensive and actually mocks a medical condition.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
